Does this book contain any vaccination/immunization pages? Or pages about school? (Most do, yet I don't vax and I homeschool). Thx so much! :)
Does this book have a section for the baby shower?
Is it a religious based book? Just wondering since there is a pic of a bible quote
is it 5 years
is it a 5 year book?
Are there sleeves for inserting photos?
I have the same question. Can someone answer more definitely whether this book is a 1 year or 5 year memory book? Thanks!
is this a 1 year or 5 year memory book
Does it have a pre-birth section? When she first kicked? The first ultrasound?
What is the length of the pins? I want them for holding stitches when I knit, esp. thumb stitches when I make mittens.
Are they made in USA
Can i take the colorful plastic piece off? I want to use in dryer...
How do they stay locked? Back in the day they use to have plastic that would go over the top of the clasp area.
how many pins per package roughly
Is this BPA free?
Does the product come in a sealed unopened package?
Is that possible to change the battery? How long does it last?
Can this be washed?
$88? are they nuts? why can't i buy this version?
Where can I find the original diaper champ in pink?
How do you take apart the top for cleaning?
Cleaning the diaper Champ. Does anyone have any suggestions?
I know these are supposed to be machine washable, but can they be dried on low heat in the dryer? I can't find the washing instructions.
what percent cotton is the top layer? is it soft or scratchy?
Are the snaps metal or plastic (pic looks metal)? We have 4 of these with plastic snaps and we have so many cracked snaps that won't snap anymore.
Does anyone else have problems with the elastic not fitting around some of the slats (specifically the corners)?
How are the elastics supposed to look? It doesn't look right on our crib. Are you supposed to wrap them around the same slat multiple times?
is it white or ecru?
Does the material make child hot?
What wash cycle is best for this item? Gentle? What about drying? Low heat?
Does this product contain BPA or phthalate?
Will this work with a large plug turned horizontally (like a security camera)?
Will this cover a coax jack? How does it attach?
canj this be used to cover a single round plug for ac? can anyone direct me were to find that sort of cover???
Is this compatible with a 2 ethernet outlet? I have two cat-5 plugs that i need a protective cover for. The outlet faceplate is the same size
Is there any way to modify this cover to fit Decora style outlets (2 screws top and bottom instead of 1 in the center)?
I have 2 Safety 1st Tot-Lok Starter Sets--4 lock assemblies-2 handles-screws-no instructions-shud there be latches
Is there a way to just buy the locks and not the complete starter kit?
I have a tot lok in my kitchen. I have loved it for years but today the magnet won't open the lock. What could be wrong and what can I do to open it
How long are the screws that attach to the door? I am interested in putting this on china cabinet doors - which are a little thinner.
For a full size swinging door -- would one suffice?
Do I have to use the screws or can I use double sided tape to hold the magnets on the cabinet?
Would these work as a deterrent for teenagers to access an alcohol cabinet used in the kitchen? Could u tell if it was broken into?
Would these locks work with a lazy susan cabinet?
European cabinets: Does anyone know if the Tot Loks will work on European style cabinets?
Will this keep a strong 6 year old out of my cabinets? He has special needs and feels that he can open my cabinets and dump whatever on the floor. I am looking for something that would prevent him to get in my cabinets.
What's the difference between this and the regular locking set (not the "tot lok" set)?
I have these locks on my cabinets and love them! Do they work on kitchen drawers?
It looks like only one of the locks has the red unlocking bar. Does the set come with 4 or just 1?
Safety 1st Magnetic Tot Lok Deluxe Starter Set: Do these locks work on glass doors of the kitchen?
I seem to have misplaced my magnet. Is there a way to buy just it.
Safety 1st Magnetic Tot Lok Deluxe Starter Set: Do these locks work on lazy susans?
Will this fence stand up with out falling if you run it from one point to another without connecting it in a circle?
does the pen have to be octagon or can you fix it in square
Hey! I have this play yard for my son. We have it in a rectangle. Any recommendations on securing it? He pulls one side almost all the way down!
Instead of buying the 2-panel extension kit, could I purchase another 6-panel set and attach it to the 6-panel set I already have?
Can this gate attach to the wall.Do I purchase suction cups or does it have to drill holders into wall?thank you
May I know the width of each panel in inches please?
how long is it stretched out?
I would like to create an L shaped gate to enclose a corner so it makes an enclosed square space for a play area. Will the gate be sturdy in an L?
Can you take the individual panels apart? I'd like to use 3 panels to set up in the door frame of one door to block access for my 15 month old.Thanks!
Can this be used for a cat?
Does it have a volume control button?
what age group?
Mine only plays one tune. How get it to change ?
is the light supposed to light up on the piano side? mine does not.
how long last each of the Music Pieces ? thanks
Does this come in original box?
how big is it?
Which 8 Mozart pieces are the tunes based on? Would love to find piano sheet music to play for baby too.
Does it light up?
is this toy bpa free?
This is only $21.99 at regular price at Toysrus. Just wondering why so expensive? http://www.toysrus.com/product/index....
Will this come with all the pieces?
how tall are the dinosaurs?
Would you recommend this for a tomboy age 9?
Does this set have two dinosaurs? Does toys r us have two dinosaurs?
Of how the photo looks w/ the placemat settings w/ the mountains and trees, does all that come w/ it?
do the dinosaurs have their names on the bottom? if not, does anyone know where i can purchase dinosaurs with the names on the bottom?
is this toy age appropirate for a 6-7 year old boy
What is the manufacturer's minimum age recommended for this product?
What is the model number?
Did anyone else have problems with it being too close to the seat? Were you able to adjust it back further and how?
This seat is funtional for fixie bike??
Does this seat come with the frame that shown on the picture?
Will the seat work with a road bike?
will this car seat fit on top of a bike rack that is permantly attached to the back of a beach cruiser?
Hello, I have a 16 month old. I was looking for something safe for him while I worked with my horses. He is average size. I was wondering if this might work for him to play in -- I would set it up in a spare stall with toys. Is he too old for it??? I...
I noticed on some play yards that the mat doesn't snap in to stay in place. How does this mat stay in place? Thanks for the info.
Is it suitable for crawlers...or would I need something larger?
What is the weight limit/capacity.Age isn't really helping.Not all children weigh the same at same age.
Can you use this playpen for overnight sleeping? Will this one do the trick?
is there any weight and height limit how high is it from bottom of pen to top and is there a weight limit or age limit for baby?
Hi! Would this be safe as a temporary crib for an infant for a few months? Looks like the ideal one for infant to tall-toddler transition! Thnx!
How exactly do you put this together? I mean the basic playpen, not the pad.
are the dimensions 10 feet 5 inches by 10 feet 5 inches and 37 inches high?
Is there anywhere I can buy a 38" x 38" foam mattress to put in this product?
does it plug in
safe for breastmilk? Is this safe to use to heat breastmilk?
In the discription it says: Note that the unit cannot be used with glass bottles. Right or wrong?
Tommie Teepee: Do the Tommie Tippee bottles fit into this warmer?
what kind of "ice pack" does this use? Does Amazon or any other retailers sell it if I want to get extra ones?
Does this work with Dr. Brown bottles?
does this warmer work at 220V?
Does it fit Tommee Tippee bottles?
Does it work with the Avent glass bottles, 4oz and 9 oz?
Do Chicco NaturalFit bottles fit in this warmer?
Can the door section be removed &amp; just connect the two other sections to create an "L" shape? Or does the door need to be used in the configuration?
i need the wall mounts that this gate attaches to. Where can i get these?
How tall is this?
Can this gate be use to make a 90 degree bend around a staircase? I need to mount the gate to the walls in a "L" shape.
Is there any way to connect two of these gates together to create a gate for a wide area (86") with two doors?
what type of wall mounting hardware is included?
How tall is the gate?
Is this gate certified for top of stairs use?
Can this be used around a fireplace?
I have 82" opening to gate off. The initial description states this is 84" but in the lower description it says 72". Which is correct?
Will this work for a brick fireplace hearth?
What color exactly is the grey/beige option? Because those are two very distinct colors and I see images for both a cream and light grey! Which is it?
Will this work on a rounded countertop edge?
Can I stick it to wall edges ? Will they be easy to remove without leaving a mark ?
Does it really peel off well without damaging the coffee table or coming apart? And after a full six months of use or so?
will this stick to canvas material.
How do you get this thing off?? It ruined our wood table, it doesn't peel. It rips.
Does this product leave a sticky residue when removed?
do you think this would work to put on bricks?
Has anyone used this on wood furniture? Will it leave a residue on unfinished wood?
Can pee seep inside of this seat or is it completely sealed? We had a sesame street one that was not sealed and the stench was awful!
is it going to fit an elongated seat?
Will this work as a travel seat? I need it to fit in our medium backpack.
Did anyone use this seat from the very beginning of potty training or is it better to get the full potty chair version first and transition to this?
Are the clamps supposed to prevent the trainer from being lifted up off the toilet seat?
Can the lid be closed when this seat is in place?
Will this fit on a round seat? Our dimensions are 8.5" across by 9.5" long. I can't find this info here or on the BabyBjorn website.
Are you suppose to lift up the toliet seat to put this on? I have an elongated seat but it doesn't seem to fit on top of the seat. Thanks!
Would a 2.5 yo feel secure on it although it has no handles? Someone wrote not good for petite kids. Would it work for a 27lb toddler?
Is this seat good for a boy?
does this have a high enough splash guard for boys?
Are the two pieces made by hard plastic? No soft cushiony at all?
My daughter is 17 months old (24lbs, 30" tall) &amp; am wondering if the splash guard is problematic for little girls?
Is there a replacement white potty available to fit in this chair?
Is it good for girls?
does the removable insert of this potty chair stain easily? Ie does it turn yellow because of the pee?
Is this potty chair big enough/sturdy enough for 3-5 year olds (who are already potty-trained) for using on road trips?
How is this compared to summer infant or fischer price?
Can these potties be stacked up? Space is an issue and I need three of these.
Does the seat remove &amp; fit onto a regular toilet also?
does this have a high enough splash guard for boys?
Are the two pieces made by hard plastic? No soft cushiony at all?
My daughter is 17 months old (24lbs, 30" tall) &amp; am wondering if the splash guard is problematic for little girls?
Is there a replacement white potty available to fit in this chair?
Is it good for girls?
does the removable insert of this potty chair stain easily? Ie does it turn yellow because of the pee?
Is this potty chair big enough/sturdy enough for 3-5 year olds (who are already potty-trained) for using on road trips?
How is this compared to summer infant or fischer price?
Can these potties be stacked up? Space is an issue and I need three of these.
Does the seat remove &amp; fit onto a regular toilet also?
do these fit the playtex nurser drop in srtaight bottle?
Can the liners be used for directly pumping into? I don't plan to freeze the milk, just store it for a day or so.
Are these liners freezable?
DoPlaytex liners fit the Avent bottles&iquest;
Does milk contact the ring?
Hi! Do line measurements on liners allow for formula mixing in liner? I will be using this for travel.
what number plastic is it? (in the triangle on the bottom)
does this liner work with playtex ventaire bottles?
I have some hand me down Playtex bottles. will these still work with the old bottles? what about the new nipples?
Can I use the 8 oz liner in the 4 oz bottle or do i need to buy 8 oz bottles too?
Would this wedge be good for sitting in bed reading?
Could this be used to lay an infant on for sleep? Now they need to be propped up.
What are the dimmensions of the pillow, is it a nice size.
First, I suck at reading measurements - how high does this pillow set, and how firm is it?
Would this work to reduce heartburn from pregnancy?
Does this help hip pain?
I want to use these as bar stool rung protectors. The rung is 4 inches in circumference and 14 inches long. These are 12" What is circumference?
Would these fit on a pack n play?
My bar stool is 1 inch wide? and 12 inch long ? Would they fit?
I want to use these for covering bar stool chair rungs. The rungs are 4 inches square and 14 inches long. I'm wondering if they will work.?
Do you ship this product to Brazil?
How easy is it for the guards to be removed? Do they just lift off from the crib rail?
My crib has a slight curve in the front. Will these fit?
Could this be put on a graco pack and play? Thanks
Will this fit on a crib?
Will this fit on a "sleigh" style table with curved ends? From the pictures it doesn't look like it would work.
Does the crib hook come off and can this be attached to the wall?
Will the container hold cloth diapers?
Will Munchkin Warm Glow Wipe Warmer fit on top?
Does the OXO PerfectPull Wipes Dispenser fit on this? Or can someone provide the dimensions for the space on top so that I can figure it out? Thanks.
Will the side compartments hold the Boudreaux's Butt Paste 16 oz. Jar? TIA!
Can you pull diapers out from either side?
Can you hang this off the side of a dresser? (I know there is a dresser top version but would be nice not to take up dresser top space.)
Can this tub be used for a newborn?
Can you recommend a hanger to attach to it to hang/store in shower when not in use?
do you think this would fit in a large kitchen sink?
when do you put your baby to bath in the other side? (the larger side)? After a certain age or weight?
What is the dimension of the base of the tub (the part that would rest on the counter)?
can this tub be used on a counter top
In what country is this item manufactured?
Does this tub come in a box?
Will this product scratch a painted bathtub? The tub in my rental apt.was restored using some sort of appliance paint and it scratches easily.
Is this a good tub for a highly active 3 1/2 month old baby? He splashes, plays, chases ducks with his feet, and constantly jumps the bump in others.
what is the range
Does the monitor in the babies room have to be plugged in or does it work off batteries also? I am going camping and wont have power.
Operating voltage: Does the transformer work at 220 V?
IS this compatible for a hearing impaired person???
can it be turned off at will? we will use this at night in elderly parents room.
Which kind of battery uses?
Would this work on the railings (?) going down the stairs on the angle or is this just for a straight across railing?
what is the net made of?
Would it work on a spiral stairway?
Would a cat be able to damage the netting with his claws (poke holes in it)?
I know it is 10ft long but can you tell me how tall it is? I have a German Shepherd and don't want her to jump over it.
Would this product work for (townhome) railing going up the stairs to a second level, a gap in the bannister, and then stairs to a third level?
Would purchasing one be enough to go around a small third floor apartment balcony, or would I need two or more? I have a 6 month old chihuhua, that I don't want to fit in between the balcony rails.
How high is it? will it fit a 3 foot high banister?
How do you secure the bottom of the net?
Does the 2 pk. as 10' mean two packs of 10' = 20' or just simply the 2pk. = 10'?
Do these bottles fit Medela breast pumps? I want to pump into glass bottles instead of plastic.
What other nipples and caps fit these bottles? Do the Dr. Brown's preemie nipples fit?
have you tried putting these in the freezer?
Are they thermo-resistant ? Will they shatter when I boil them or warm them in a bottle warmer?
Does it have measurement markings?
Is 4 ounces really the limit or can these bottles fit 5?
Any issues with sterilizing these bottles and nipples/rings in boiling water?
Are these 4 oz glass bottles heavy when attached to the medela pump?
Do these bottles fit Ameda Purely yours breast pumps?
Do these bottle come with lids and sealing caps? I want to use them to store breast milk.
Do these work with Medela bottles?
Do these fit the wide neck born free bottles?
Nipples that fit Ameda Bottles: Anyone have any experience/know which nipples fit the best in the Ameda bottles that come with the Purely Yours breast pump?
will this and other Avent nipples fit the natural Avent starter kit? is it a standard size? thanks.
Are they removable, If I need to get behind the furniture to clean?
Are these straps durable? I see the plastic on the ends and worry that might snap under a significant enough force.
how small are the fastners
Do these work with furniture with a particle board backing?
Do the instructions recommend two straps per piece of furniture, or can smaller ones be secured with one?
Securing furniture to a wall: Does anyone know of any type of securing device that could be used in a basement with cement walls?
Will these be sufficient in the event of an earthquake?
Do these straps need to be secured to a stud? We have rows of bookcases and won't be able to line up each one with a stud.
What is the maximum length of the straps fully extended when attached to furniture and wall?
I have a 28.5 inch doorway. Will this gate fit?
Anyone know why this gate is not recommended for top of stairs?
Is it good for stairs?
Would this fit a 35 inch opening? is the extension needed?
I have a doorway that is 30". Will this gate fit?
Has anyone's baby figured out how to open it herself? It looks like it'd be pretty easy for a baby to figure out, not different than a pop-up toy.
Anyone know if I can buy replacement screws and stoppers?
Do you have to drill holes in your wall to install this?
Question - is it possible to keep this open wide open if I want, or does it have a spring to auto close the gate?
Is there anywhere I can buy replacement mounting hardware for this? The company said they don't make it anymore.
How much milk will these hold?
Do they work while in the laying position?
where are they made
How long can i wear the ventilated shell? Can it be worn over night?
Does the Avent breast shells hold the milk so you can save the milk?
What material is this made of? Is it BPA free?
How big is the hole for the nipple?
bpa free&#xFF1F;
"2-Pack" is it mean 2 boxes of the set ? Thanks for the answer!! :)
Can this gate mount at an angle? I have to install the gate from wall stud to wall stud and they are skewed. I'm not sure from the photos whether this can be accommodated.
how far does this gate extend?
How tall is this gate?
Width of gate.?
Can this gate be set up in a doorway and open BOTH ways? Previous gate said "both ways" but it was actually EITHER way, but not both. Thanks.
I just need parts. My gate is in good conditin
How wide is the actual gate opening?
Does it take tools to adjust the width? I need to shorten 6in in the open position.
I got used gate from my friend and some parts for hing and lock are missing. Fro where to buy replacement parts/
Are there extensions available for this gate? I love the look of this but my entryway is 96 inches wide.
does it work with the symphony pump?
What is the output current of this adapter?
This says it works with a Pump instyle manufactured before 2008 - does it work with the Advanced model? purchased in 2009, so not sure when manufactured
will this work on the pump in style advanced?
i need a long cable maybe 15 foot , do you have one of those?
Does this adapter work with the Lactina?
do this work with advanced double electric model?
does it com in medela retail packaging? Not sure whether it is geniune part from medela or other brand that can be used with medela?
ASIN B000058DPL, is it geniune part from Medela in Medela retail packaing?
What is the height of this step stool?
Has anyone bought 2 and stacked them to give better access to the sink? I think the 6in height might not be enough for my daughter
What is the maximum load rating? I also want to use it to sit on next to the bath... Other stools are rate at 77 or 110 lbs max.
Is it good for adults? I am looking for a step stool for elderly parents.
Baby Bjorn Safe Step: how strong is it/ how much weight could it hold?
Does this come with medium flow nipples?
Can we heat Playtex ventaire bottle in bottle warmer? Can we heat Playtex ventaire bottle in bottle warmer with milk in it?
Can I sanitise these bottles regularly in boiling hot water?
Are these new wide opening bottles or the standard bottles that r discontinued by playtex?
if I want pink bottles how do I place it on the order?
is it wide?
CAn I get Boy Color?
Are these Playtex VentAire ADVANCED bottles or just Playtex Ventaire bottles? Is there a difference?
how is this different than Dr. Brown bottles
Do they fit in Dr. Brown bottle warmer?
DO these spouts work with the Avent natural bottles?
I want to know if the spouts are for sure white and soft?
Are these plastic or silicone?
Does anyone know if these work with both Avent Classic and Avent Natural bottles?
Do these work with the Philips Avent glass bottles?
The title says "Non Spill Soft Spouts" but the descriptions says "Includes 2 Hard Spouts." What will I really get if I order?
Product name says soft spout but product description says hard spout, so does anyone know which these are?
Do these spouts match the new Natural glass Avent bottles? Thanks
Are the 6 mo+ spout made in China or England?
DO these spouts work with the Avent natural bottles?
I want to know if the spouts are for sure white and soft?
Are these plastic or silicone?
Does anyone know if these work with both Avent Classic and Avent Natural bottles?
Do these work with the Philips Avent glass bottles?
The title says "Non Spill Soft Spouts" but the descriptions says "Includes 2 Hard Spouts." What will I really get if I order?
Product name says soft spout but product description says hard spout, so does anyone know which these are?
Do these spouts match the new Natural glass Avent bottles? Thanks
Are the 6 mo+ spout made in China or England?
Can this be also used for Playtex VentAire bottles?
Can you use these with the Playtex Nurser bottles and/or the Playtex Premium nurser bottles? Thx
Do these only work w Playtex bottles? Can I use them w Medelas?
Can you use these nipples on the Dr Brown's wide neck bottles?
has this bottle measures? and if it has measures, is it in ml-s, or just in oz-s?
Can these store (expressed) milk in the fridge for a week? Or do the vents on the bottom mean that air gets in and spoils the milk/the milk leaks out?
Are these the wide nipple bottles? Also, what color is shipped?
Do these work just as good for a spitty baby as the ones with the drop in liners?
What is the speed of the nipple contains 9oz this??
Has anyone uses the drop-in liner with Playtex Ventaire? Does it work?
I just bought these and the two times i have used them they leak from the bottom. Is there a special way of closing the bottle ?
what bottle brush do you use?????
First time mom here... are these bottles good for feeding expressed breastmilk? Or is this good for formula feeding only?
What speed of nipple comes with the 6 oz?
Can I use them directly without serialize them?
Are these soft for babies just starting out with baby food?
Are these recyclable? The idea of take and "toss" really rubs me the wrong way . . .
Are these BPA-free?
i want to know about the size of this spoon ? does it very small one ? smaller than the egg spoon ? i want to buy this one for to eat soft egg and do want it's very small for me. i do not want it is big at all. can everyone tell me detail about this...
Are these BPA Free?
Do Medela bottles fit in this warmer?
How wide is the opening? Does it work with Comotomo Bottles? I think they are wider and shorter than traditional bottles.
Can you use this with breast milk?
Can I use baby bottle warmers for Playtex drop in liners system? I was wondering if anyone uses bottle armers for the pllaytex drop in systems?
Is the timer silent when it is done? I need to have it at work.
Can a Tommee Tippee bottle fit into it?
Can you use this for the Playtex VentAire bottles? The are not just a straight up and down bottle, they are an angled body bottle.
Does anyone use this with the Playtex Dropin Nurser bottles and have good luck? we normal heat it by running under the facet but takes forever lol :p
what size batteries does it require?
Can it heat glass bottle?
Will this work for the avent natural glass bottles?
Will this work to connect the Medela freestyle pump to the Avent natural bottles and the Avent storage containers?
Will this make the Avent manual pump work with Medela bottles?
Does this work on the Avent Natural bottles or just the Avent Classic bottles?
Will this work with the Lansinoh manual breast pump?
Are these compatible with the new Lansinoh Pro affinity dual breast pump?
Will this work with The First Years Breastflow MiPump Double, i need the attachment to use for smaller neck bottles.
Will this kit work with the medela pump in style advanced and nuk bottles?
Hi, I want to know if I need to use the ring when using avent natural bottles.
Will this work with the classic bottle?
Is this treated with flame retardant chemicals?
anyone have a tummy sleeper? does the zipper dig into their bodies if they sleep on their tummy?
Hi! Would this be considered the "summer weight" sleep sac option? Or would this be too thick for the summer?
What is the Tog rating for this sack?
My granddaughter sleeps better with her arms and body swaddled but she is outgrowing her swaddles. Could I zip up this sack with her arms inside?
How many inches long is the size x large from shoulders to bottom?
Does this allow babies to roll over? My little one is 7 months and rolls himself over before sleeping.
Is there much of a difference between the L and XL besides length? If I put my M size baby in a L or XL would there be a problem?
Does anyone know the length of the different sizes?
what size nipple does it come with?
Are these glass or plastic - can't find it anywhere on the description?
Do these have the oz/ml amounts in color like it shows in the photo?
Do these fit Avent's glass bottles?
Do these caps fit bottles from other brands?
Do these caps fit Philips AVENT BPA Free Natural Polypropylene Bottles?
que cantidad viene en el pack
Are there 4 dome caps in this package?
does this work to keep baby from pinching fingers in drawers?
How many of these come in a package? Do you only get one for $4.99 or what ever is costs?
does this work on pocket doors?
does this product work for the hinge side of the door where you can pinch fingers?
Can the liners be used for other brand bottles like medela?
Do these 4oz liners fit in the 8oz bottles?
The 4oz liners arrived from Amazon in an opened box. Should I return them? Also, once the box is opened, how do you keep the liners sterile?
Can you put these in a bottle warmer or is it too hot for the liners??
"the lid is crafted of solid hardwoods with Baltic birch veneers." What is the body made from 9the part that isn't the lid ? Is it birch veneer plywo
What are the inside dimensions?
We want to paint this to match a room theme. Is the finish going to take paint well?
Is there any way to lock this? We are actually looking to use this in our home gym as storage for weights and stuff, and have a child safe lock
is it wood
Will this fit a kitchen sink?
How old of a child can fit in here? Looking for something that my 6 month old will get a lot of use out of!
How is this better than the plastic yellow duck bath? I am trying to sort out the difference and figure out what to get for our 9 month old daughter.
does it have a drain?
I received my tub without a hanger. Is it supposed to come with one? Can you send me one, if it is?
Would you use this product for a newborn? I'm trying to find a bath tub for a newborn to use, but I'm hesitant to use a plastic one.
Can two of these fit in a tub? Such as for twins to bathe separately yet at the same time (if that makes sense)?
my bathtub is on the small side. Is this squishy enough to make it fit?
Does this bath pillow float when used in the bath tub?
My baby has either peed or pooed in it the three times we have used it which makes it a hassle to clean. Is anyone else having this problem?
Will this work for holding a really tiny newborn, possible preemie in the sink?
Can two of these fit in a tub? Such as for twins to bathe separately yet at the same time (if that makes sense)?
Does baby get cold, I am wondering how is he in the water, do you fill the tub or sink up to where it covers his belly and is his head elevated?
My baby girl is 8 months old. For how long can I use this bath pad?Also I have a summer right height bath center. Can i use this in that bath tub?
Opinions on using this in a standard 14x16 kitchen sink? Looks like the side will bend up to fit? Is it comfy/functional?
I read that mildew is an issue and it's heavy when soaked and difficult to wring out. Any issues with drying? How long does it take?
Can this go in the dryer? I'm trying to prevent the mildew smell I have read about in the reviews. I don't know what the cushion is made of to determine if it can go in the dryer.
I have an infant and a toddler. Would this work to bathe both of them in the big tub together? Toddler in big tub and infant in bath pad?
Does this set come with one or two spoons?
where is this item made?
how big is the plate? I am wondering if it fits onto my high chair, Peg Perego.
does the First Years Hands Free Gate Extension fit a Regalo Easy Step Gate?
Will this work with an older model of First Years Hands Free Gate?
how wide are the extensions
Does the extension come with the long screws that fit to the wall? Or does it just hook onto the gate, and you need to use the gate hardware?
Is it POSSIBLE to use more than 2 of these? If it is POSSIBLE, how sturdy is it? (One area of our house would need 3 of these.)
Do these work with the Avent Classic plastic bottles?
Do these work on Dr. Browns standard bottles?
Do these fit the Advent Natural Plastic bottle?
Would these fit a Pura bottle/sippie?
Do you have these handles in blue?
Do these spouts match the new Natural glass Avent bottles? Thanks
Can you use regular trash bags or non-Diaper Dekor brand liners?
Can you use for cloth diapers and the Planet Wise pail liner bag? Could I use a reusable bag with this pail? Thanks!
I have one already and LOVED it until recently. It's like the plastic is literally stained with a smell. How do I get the smell out?
Is this markedly different than buying a hands-free trash bin? What about the "system" cuts down on smell in a special way? Two levels of openings?
Good for cloth?
If you use regular trash bag with odor block, would it still seal the smell well enough for the really smelly diapers (after baby start eating real fo
Can you use munchkin arm &amp; hammer 'snap' bags with this pail?
Is the diaper dekor plus better than the diaper champ?
Does anyone use this for cloth diapers? If so, how many cloth diapers does it hold? Can you go 3 days without laundry for a newborn? Thanks.
Can this pail be used as a cloth diaper pail?
what is the cover made of? I am looking for 100% cotton cover.
I turn from right to left quite a bit while sleeping, is it easy to shift the entire body to the other side of the pillow mid-sleep?
How much room does this take up in a bed? Will me, my husband, a cat, and this pillow be able to sleep comfortably in a queen seize bed?
I am pregnant and having trouble not rolling onto my back in the middle of the night. Will this pillow help?
made in which country
Is this pillow complete the filling, cotton inside ? or just cover?
I'm petite 5'2", would this pillow be too big/long for me? Thanks!
Has anyone washed the pillow itself (not the cover)? I am wondering whether I can give it a spin in the washer.
How much does the pillow weigh?
Hi everyone, my wife is having problems with heartburn very early in her pregnancy, would this or the "Back N Belly Contoured Pillow" be better?
Does the Munchkin Warm Glow wipe warmer fit on top of this?
Does the 16oz Desitin jar fit in the side compartiments?
Does this work well with cloth diapers or does anyone know of something similar that would?
How wide is this item from edge to edge?
Can this be hang on the side of pack n play?
What color is this? In some photos it looks clear, in others it looks blue.
would this diaper holder work well for an adult that uses depends. Need something to sit on a tv tray beside a potty seat
is there a way this can be put on the wall?
Diaper Organizer that fits Stokke Care Changing Table? Can anyone recommend a diaper organizer that fits the Stokke Care changing table?
Does the OXO Tot Perfect Pull Wipes Dispenser fit well on top?
Can these diapers be used to "stuff" a pocket diaper, if folded in thirds?
How many come in the pack?
Whats the size
Where are these diapers made/manufactured?
This is really cute! Roughly how many beers (cans or bottles) plus ice could reasonably fit?
How easy it is to inflate by mouth? I mean will it make you dizzy after doing so
What size is the ducky inflatable bath tub?
Will this be floating on the water? We are going to beach and wanna have our 5-month baby feel the waves on the shallow water near the beach.
What are the true dimensions of the inside of the tub?
Is this bpa free
How small is product when folded? It would need to fit in checked luggage without taking up too much room.
Will this fit in a standard shower stall?
What's the difference between this old version and a new one?
Would this work for a 7 month old who needs some support sitting? He's outgrown his infant tub!
When the sling is removed, is that light colored section shown in the picture padding on the tub? I am looking for a tub that won't be so hard/uncomfy
I lost the slong. Can I buy another one?
may i know the price is only for sling or tub with sling?
How good is this for toddler (1 yo)?
price... Why is it that the blue version of the The First Year's Infant To Toddler Tub with Sling is 17.99 and the pink version is 21.99?
is it good for newborn baby also? and how long i can use this tub for my baby? Thanks in advance
There is a choking hazard warning on this product page. Has any one ever experienced any issues related to this product?
Where can we find information on whether or not the tub is BPA and phthalate free?
How big does the sink need to be to fit in the bath? (our sink is on the small side)
Can this tub be used inside an adult bathtub instead of a sink?
All the reviews for the Kiddopotamus placemat are good, while all the reviews for the Summer Tiny Diner are bad. Are they the same placemat?
Do you know what the difference is between this mat the one for a few bucks less? http://www.amazon.com/Summer-Tiny-Din...
Is this dishwasher safe?
Will it help bowls or plates from sliding around?
Do the suction cups work? Does it really stay in place at restaurants?
I have two and for some reason they always get oily when not in use, they are cleaned thoroughly and air dried thoroughly and get oily when rolled
Why is the yellow hippo version not available for purchase here on Amazon?
Does it stick to wood tables?
Do the folds come out of it?
how do you get stains off of it?
Is this the older version that is circular and not oval?
Where is this product made?
Is the food grinder BPA free?
Is the strainer part stainless steel in addition to the cutter?
Is this one BPA free?
My son is 5 months and teething, can I use this to protect my nipples when he clamps down and bites on them?
How do you know which size you would need?
I was thinking of buying these to bring in my hospital bag. Is it a bad idea to try these from day one? Should I wait to see how nursing goes first?
what material are these shields made of?
How to store them? is there any box/case to store them?
Is this the cost for just one shield?
Can you put these in the dishwasher in baby bottle parts basket?
Is this the largest size? With my daughter they gave me small at the hospital and it irritated me a lot and bough the next size up. Would this be it?
Would this work for mirror sliding closet doors?
To close the door again do you have to 'press' the wings?
How many of these door locks come in a pack?
How many of these door locks come in a pack?
My baby is 7 mo old &amp; 16 lbs. Do you think the XL size will be to big? I'd rather not have to buy large now and XL a couple months later.
is the sleep sack free of flame retardant?
Which is warmer - this micro-fleece one or the "plush dot velboa" fabric sleep sack? Thx
What temperature room is this sleep sack suitable for? Our nursery is heated to 76 Fahrenheit.
Is there newborn size available
do you continue to use your sleep sacks after your little ones are able to roll over, sit up or stand?
sizing information
Is the size Large arm holes any larger than the medium? The medium is getting snug on my child's arms and I would like to get the large.
Do you put your baby in long sleeves onesis + pants or only onesis when using this sack? Thanks
Can you use the medium size for infants under 6 months (or smaller than the suggested sizes)? Hoping that baby can grow into medium w/o getting small.
My baby is 7 mo old &amp; 16 lbs. Do you think the XL size will be to big? I'd rather not have to buy large now and XL a couple months later.
is the sleep sack free of flame retardant?
Which is warmer - this micro-fleece one or the "plush dot velboa" fabric sleep sack? Thx
What temperature room is this sleep sack suitable for? Our nursery is heated to 76 Fahrenheit.
Is there newborn size available
do you continue to use your sleep sacks after your little ones are able to roll over, sit up or stand?
sizing information
Is the size Large arm holes any larger than the medium? The medium is getting snug on my child's arms and I would like to get the large.
Do you put your baby in long sleeves onesis + pants or only onesis when using this sack? Thanks
Can you use the medium size for infants under 6 months (or smaller than the suggested sizes)? Hoping that baby can grow into medium w/o getting small.
My baby is 7 mo old &amp; 16 lbs. Do you think the XL size will be to big? I'd rather not have to buy large now and XL a couple months later.
is the sleep sack free of flame retardant?
Which is warmer - this micro-fleece one or the "plush dot velboa" fabric sleep sack? Thx
What temperature room is this sleep sack suitable for? Our nursery is heated to 76 Fahrenheit.
Is there newborn size available
do you continue to use your sleep sacks after your little ones are able to roll over, sit up or stand?
sizing information
Is the size Large arm holes any larger than the medium? The medium is getting snug on my child's arms and I would like to get the large.
Do you put your baby in long sleeves onesis + pants or only onesis when using this sack? Thanks
Can you use the medium size for infants under 6 months (or smaller than the suggested sizes)? Hoping that baby can grow into medium w/o getting small.
My baby is 7 mo old &amp; 16 lbs. Do you think the XL size will be to big? I'd rather not have to buy large now and XL a couple months later.
is the sleep sack free of flame retardant?
Which is warmer - this micro-fleece one or the "plush dot velboa" fabric sleep sack? Thx
What temperature room is this sleep sack suitable for? Our nursery is heated to 76 Fahrenheit.
Is there newborn size available
do you continue to use your sleep sacks after your little ones are able to roll over, sit up or stand?
sizing information
Is the size Large arm holes any larger than the medium? The medium is getting snug on my child's arms and I would like to get the large.
Do you put your baby in long sleeves onesis + pants or only onesis when using this sack? Thanks
Can you use the medium size for infants under 6 months (or smaller than the suggested sizes)? Hoping that baby can grow into medium w/o getting small.
Older SnugRide bases fit with new SnugRide seats? Do older Graco Snugride bases fit with newer Graco Snugride seats?
Does this fit Snugride 35? Does this base fit a Snugride 35?
Does this base fit the Snugride 30?
does base fit snugride 22? Does this base work with it?
Just wanting to see if this base for sure fits model 1885594
Is this base compatible with the Graco Spree Travel System, Priscilla Model?
Does this fit with Graco Snugride click connect 40
Will this base fit the SnugRide 32?
which 2014 infant seats will fit in the 2008 graco base 22?
I bought Graco Alano Classic connect travel system. Does this fit my car seat?
can this be used with a booster seat?
My seats are not flat and straight across. Where the car seats sit, the auto seats are indented. Will the bottom part form to that?
Will this seat protector work with leather seats without damaging them?
All of the pictures show this being used on the right or left side of the rear seat. Can this cover be used effectively on the middle seat?
Are these suitable/comfortable enough to sit on when not using them for the safety seat?
If I use this with a rear facing car seat for my toddler, will the mat against the back of the seat stay up on its own?
The center position in the rear of our sedan is not indented, and somewhat narrower than the side seats. Can the seat protector be used in this spo effectively and without damaging the other seats?
CAN THIS BE USED FOR CLOTH SEATS?
I just bought a 2014 buick enclave...we have high back boosters...will it work with thees
Does this damage leather? Does the non-skid damage leather?
it works with electricity or only batteries?
will it stay on all night or do I have to use the timer?
How long are the sound samples before they loop/repeat?
How natural are the sounds? Specifically interested in Ocean and Thunderstorm
can it plug in?
does this play 34 sounds or is it an older verson that only plays 24? can you combine sounds?
Does this work as a baby monitor to listen to baby cry also or just sounds?
Is there a utherus sound?
is there a womb sound?
Would someone please provide actual dimensions of the unit? The product page mentions 9x9x3" and 6x10x12" and 2x4x8".
Can the battery be replaced? What kind does it take?
Is it orange or green?
Does it beep?
Is it possible to change the degrees from Fahrenheit to Celsius? If so, how?
do youi put it under your are and for how long
can it be used on adults? most thermometer on amazon have photos of kids
Is this Fahrenheit temperature or Celsius?
Mine only shows celsius. Is there a way to change it to fahrenheit? Thank you!
Does this measures in Celsius grades too?
How accurate is this thermometer? To 2/10 or 1/10 of a degree or something else?
Is this treated with flame retardant chemicals?
anyone have a tummy sleeper? does the zipper dig into their bodies if they sleep on their tummy?
Hi! Would this be considered the "summer weight" sleep sac option? Or would this be too thick for the summer?
What is the Tog rating for this sack?
My granddaughter sleeps better with her arms and body swaddled but she is outgrowing her swaddles. Could I zip up this sack with her arms inside?
How many inches long is the size x large from shoulders to bottom?
Does this allow babies to roll over? My little one is 7 months and rolls himself over before sleeping.
Is there much of a difference between the L and XL besides length? If I put my M size baby in a L or XL would there be a problem?
Does anyone know the length of the different sizes?
Is this treated with flame retardant chemicals?
anyone have a tummy sleeper? does the zipper dig into their bodies if they sleep on their tummy?
Hi! Would this be considered the "summer weight" sleep sac option? Or would this be too thick for the summer?
What is the Tog rating for this sack?
My granddaughter sleeps better with her arms and body swaddled but she is outgrowing her swaddles. Could I zip up this sack with her arms inside?
How many inches long is the size x large from shoulders to bottom?
Does this allow babies to roll over? My little one is 7 months and rolls himself over before sleeping.
Is there much of a difference between the L and XL besides length? If I put my M size baby in a L or XL would there be a problem?
Does anyone know the length of the different sizes?
Is this treated with flame retardant chemicals?
anyone have a tummy sleeper? does the zipper dig into their bodies if they sleep on their tummy?
Hi! Would this be considered the "summer weight" sleep sac option? Or would this be too thick for the summer?
What is the Tog rating for this sack?
My granddaughter sleeps better with her arms and body swaddled but she is outgrowing her swaddles. Could I zip up this sack with her arms inside?
How many inches long is the size x large from shoulders to bottom?
Does this allow babies to roll over? My little one is 7 months and rolls himself over before sleeping.
Is there much of a difference between the L and XL besides length? If I put my M size baby in a L or XL would there be a problem?
Does anyone know the length of the different sizes?
Is this treated with flame retardant chemicals?
anyone have a tummy sleeper? does the zipper dig into their bodies if they sleep on their tummy?
Hi! Would this be considered the "summer weight" sleep sac option? Or would this be too thick for the summer?
What is the Tog rating for this sack?
My granddaughter sleeps better with her arms and body swaddled but she is outgrowing her swaddles. Could I zip up this sack with her arms inside?
How many inches long is the size x large from shoulders to bottom?
Does this allow babies to roll over? My little one is 7 months and rolls himself over before sleeping.
Is there much of a difference between the L and XL besides length? If I put my M size baby in a L or XL would there be a problem?
Does anyone know the length of the different sizes?
Is this treated with flame retardant chemicals?
anyone have a tummy sleeper? does the zipper dig into their bodies if they sleep on their tummy?
Hi! Would this be considered the "summer weight" sleep sac option? Or would this be too thick for the summer?
What is the Tog rating for this sack?
My granddaughter sleeps better with her arms and body swaddled but she is outgrowing her swaddles. Could I zip up this sack with her arms inside?
How many inches long is the size x large from shoulders to bottom?
Does this allow babies to roll over? My little one is 7 months and rolls himself over before sleeping.
Is there much of a difference between the L and XL besides length? If I put my M size baby in a L or XL would there be a problem?
Does anyone know the length of the different sizes?
i had this with my 1st child &amp; wipes would completely dry-out. has this improved? i saw some prince lionheart pillows to keep it moist, does it work?
Does the unit allow for battery usage?
How do you open the wipe warmer to get the power cord out?
how do you open it?
What is the best type of wipe to use with this warmer? We've tried Huggies triple thickness and it tears coming out.
when putting new wipes in how long does it take the wipes to warm up?
Is the heating element on the lid or on the bottom of warmer?
My daughter has been using this for about a week. She just texted me a picture of the wipe warmer pad that has turned brown in spots. Is this mildew?
Would/Does this work with Water wipes? Water wipes are not pull up wipes and harder to take one wipe out at a time. Thanks
How often do the pillows need to be replaced?
What's the material of it? Glass?
Do you prefer this bottle over the tall skinny dr. brown bottles?
What level of nipple is this?
is it pes or pp ?
If it's glass or not?
What breast pumps does this bottle work with? Could you please tell me what works for you?
Scale marks are transparent or colored?
Does the included brush, clean inside the bottle body as well as the nipples?
Are these here bowls free of Bisphenol-A (BPA)?
What is the diameter for these lids in inches?
Do the lids match the bowls?
Can these be steam sterilized ?? Can they be used in a food warmer ??
Are theses stackable?
Is the diameter on the bottom about the same as a regular cup? I want to know if they will fit in a standard cup holder of a booster seat.
Are they freezer safe? I need bigger bowls for freezing baby food, will these work?
Will these bowl lids fit on the their cups?
Are these microwave safe?
can this go in the freezer/fridge?
Is this BPS free?
I have a beautiful darling niece who has spina bifada, could you please clarify whether or not this teether contains latex or natural rubber? Thanks!
is it bpa free?
is it made in the USA?
is it made in the
Is this BPA Free ?
Does it come with a mattress or we need to buy a mattress additionally?
Can you use this as just a bassinet, rather than attaching to the bed? And, are the sides super breathable?
I thought the co-sleeper and the bed would be flush but there is ~6" gap in depth between the co-sleeper mattress and my mattress- is that normal?
How do you remove the top bassinet?
How do you clean the fabric? Also, any thoughts on sheets? We are thinking of just using pillow cases as they fit perfectly.
Did anyone experience slant in the Mattress in co-sleeper mode? Ours slants a little bit baby slightly turns to the side that is down.
How long can your infant sleep in the Mini Co-sleeper?
How long can you use this product? (How old was your child?)
How does this fit with the removable carseat insert for babies under 11 pounds?
Will this product impede my ability to snap the infant carrier into the stroller on a Graco travel system?
Does this fit on an uppababy bassinet?
can I use infant bundleme in the Stroller? I don't now which size is perfect for him especially for his stroller. can I use it in Garco Snugride 30 or not?
If the baby is born in sept and will need this Nov - March, better to get infant or toddler size?
Are there slits for adjusting the straps of the car seat?
does this work with the britax seat
Do I need to wash it before the first use?
Will this keep the baby warm in sub-zero temperatures - how warmly does the baby need to be dressed underneath? We're in Boston.
Do you have torun these at belt straps through the blanket?
Can this be attached to a " Arms Reach" co-sleeper?
Can the mobile be attached to a Pack 'n' Play?
Does this fit on a crib that has wider rails? Or only on ones with narrower, standard rails?
Could this be attached to a changing table?
Does the mobile continuously move - battery operated?
How do I attach the cards to each other? They don't seem to fit together
does this come with the mobile attachment arm and clip?
How many cards does this come with? (Color vs B&amp;W)?
Will this work on a Pack-n-Play crib?
What motors work well with this mobile?
what is the wait limit??
My almost one year old girl is pretty skinny (17 lbs), and about 2 feet tall. I worry that when sat in the chair, will she be back too far?
would this work on a campsite picnic table
It says it has a 5-point harness. Is it possible to unhook the shoulder straps and use just the waist buckle as a 3-point harness?
Is this a good to travel overseas with? (like we could carry it our handbag to restaurants etc, or is it heavy?)
what is the youngest age for this chair?
would this work on a campsite picnic table
Just curious if anyone has tossed the whole seat in a front loading washer to get rid of manufacturing germs? I'm wondering how/if the seat held up? Update: I washed the removable parts in the front loading washing machine and air dried - seemed to...
we have a wooden table. it has a over hang under neath.. will this work with my table???
will this work on a kidney shaped plastic table? http://www.amazon.com/Flash-Furniture...
How does this fit with the removable carseat insert for babies under 11 pounds?
Will this product impede my ability to snap the infant carrier into the stroller on a Graco travel system?
Does this fit on an uppababy bassinet?
can I use infant bundleme in the Stroller? I don't now which size is perfect for him especially for his stroller. can I use it in Garco Snugride 30 or not?
If the baby is born in sept and will need this Nov - March, better to get infant or toddler size?
Are there slits for adjusting the straps of the car seat?
does this work with the britax seat
Do I need to wash it before the first use?
Will this keep the baby warm in sub-zero temperatures - how warmly does the baby need to be dressed underneath? We're in Boston.
Do you have torun these at belt straps through the blanket?
How does this fit with the removable carseat insert for babies under 11 pounds?
Will this product impede my ability to snap the infant carrier into the stroller on a Graco travel system?
Does this fit on an uppababy bassinet?
can I use infant bundleme in the Stroller? I don't now which size is perfect for him especially for his stroller. can I use it in Garco Snugride 30 or not?
If the baby is born in sept and will need this Nov - March, better to get infant or toddler size?
Are there slits for adjusting the straps of the car seat?
does this work with the britax seat
Do I need to wash it before the first use?
Will this keep the baby warm in sub-zero temperatures - how warmly does the baby need to be dressed underneath? We're in Boston.
Do you have torun these at belt straps through the blanket?
Will it remove raspberry seeds?
I just received the food mill, and it has no instructions with it. How do I use the food mill and for what fruits and vegetables?
How many quart is this item's capacity? What is the hole size of three Stainless Disks? Made in China?
Has anyone used this to pulp persimmons?
what is the capacity of this one? 2 quart?
I just received the food mill, and it has no instructions with it. How do I use the food mill and for what fruits and vegetables?
I received this mill as a gift from my son. I assembled it but the handle is difficult to turn. What should I do? I can't use it.
Do you know if the two discs shown here in the picture are the large and medium holes or the medium and fine ones?
Would this be good as a baby food grinder?
What size holes are in each disc?
How does this fit with the removable carseat insert for babies under 11 pounds?
Will this product impede my ability to snap the infant carrier into the stroller on a Graco travel system?
Does this fit on an uppababy bassinet?
can I use infant bundleme in the Stroller? I don't now which size is perfect for him especially for his stroller. can I use it in Garco Snugride 30 or not?
If the baby is born in sept and will need this Nov - March, better to get infant or toddler size?
Are there slits for adjusting the straps of the car seat?
does this work with the britax seat
Do I need to wash it before the first use?
Will this keep the baby warm in sub-zero temperatures - how warmly does the baby need to be dressed underneath? We're in Boston.
Do you have torun these at belt straps through the blanket?
How tall is this gate? I see one description that liss it at 30" and one that lists it at 11". Help!
Is the gate easily opened with ONE hand from top of stairs when holding a baby in the other hand?
Does this gate swing open and close if pressure mounted? Also, If I hardware mount this gate, can I purchase additional hardware?
Is there somewhere I can buy an extra installation kit for this specific gate so I can hard mount it in multiple places and only have to move gate?
At top of the stairs, does the hinge mount on the left or right and allow the gate to swing toward you and not over stairs?
Will this gate work with baseboards? The doorway is 30 inches wide at the baseboards, and 32 inches wide at the wall above the baseboards.
If this is hardware mounted in a door frame can the door still be closed?
Will this gate swing open or just slide?
How wide of an opening will this gate fit? I can't seem to find that anywhere in the description, unless I'm looking right over it!
Would this work between a wall with a tall baseboard and a stair banister? Grandparents here! Don't need all the time!
what is this "Ships in certified frustration free packaging"
Does the seat have a crotch strap or is it just the waste strap?
toddler
Would you need a separate high chair for a baby or can you just use this chair?
Is the red &amp; white one, truly red or more burgundy like the picture online looks?
is this ok for a small 2 year old?
Can you set it on the floor, place the baby (who can sit upright) in it and use it for playtime? We would be sitting right next to baby.
where is it made from?
at what size does your child "out grow" being able to use the plastic tray?
Would it be OK to use it outside? On a deck table / chair? Will it be OK to get wet, etc?
what is the measurement of the spaces between the bars?
Does anyone have pictures of this gate with the wall-mounted hardware? I don't see how it can work with the pressure mounted clip on the end. thank yo
Can we get extra extenstions for this gate ? I have this item but the opening I need to close is almost 6 1/2 - 7 feet
Does anyone know if/where you can get replacement parts? All I need is the adhesive pads and the circles.
with pets
Does this gate lock at the bottom as well?
Can this gate be used for the top of the stairs? It seems like it would be easy to trip over the bottom mount.
I can't get the gate to lock on its own when it closes? I have to physically close it so it latches. Is there a setting to force it to auto lock?
Will this gate work if one side is a stair rail? Is there an adapter?
Are there any gy spindle adapters for this gate?
How does this mount?
How sturdy is the sheeting? For example, if a dog or cat paws at the installed sheet with any insistence, would it puncture and tear?
In one place this ad says the sheet is 3 ft. (36 inches) wide and in another 33 inches. Would someone be kind enough to verify the width?
Would this work on an all wrought iron banister / it's my understanding it could still tie to the top of the railing?
Would this work to put on the wall next to a dog crate to assist with flying drool?
The picture of the product looks smokey. I'm looking for clear. Can anybody tell me if this product is clear or smokey.
Will this material give paper cuts?
How thick is this material?
Do you think the material would be noisy in a windy environment?
How "clear" is this material? Does it is give a dark tint like in the picture?
will this fit baby jogger city mini (3wheeler)?
Is the cover waterproof?
Does this just slide over the top? Are the wheels protected? I have a Chicco travel system.
Will this fit Chicco?
will this fit baby jogger city select double?
Will this fit peg perego book plus?
Is this tall enough to fit a Jeep Wranger All Weather stroller, about 38" long?
gracco
Does this fit a Double Chicco stroller?
What are the true dimensions of this product?
can you wash?
what sheets go with this
are there any flame retardants on this sleeper?
Has anyone tried to breastfeed while baby is in the sleeper? Trying to figure out how this works for breastfeeding moms. Thanks!
Does it have any type of sturdy construction on the top/sides (like cushioned bars) to keep it standing up and not collapse?
does the foot lay out flat for easy diaper changes?
How high are the sides?
Up to what age/size can this be used?
How large is this when folded up? We are flying to HI in a month and I will need a portable bed for my then 4 month old.
How many come in the package this is advertising?
What is the best way to wash/dry these? Do I need to line dry for best results or can I throw it in the dryer??
is this 100% cotton including terry cloth inside?
Does the rail come off easily when I am ready to convert the crib into a toddler bed?
Would this work on the edge of a dresser as a cushion? Is it thick/soft enough to cushion a baby's fall?
my daughter just started biting on her crib LOL the post. Will this protect the rails? I already found teeth marks.
Can this be used on other parts of the crib? We got a crib rail cover and now she's chewing on other parts of it.
I know this is for teething kiddos but what about kids that already have teeth and like to chew on things? Will my baby be able to chew through this?
How thick is this? I am looking to cover an edge of a cabinet in the house that a bumper is too thick to use. Just want to soften a potential blow.
Does it stick well? I purchased one and i need more. I don't know if it was because I moved it twice before completely sticking it on
Is this the same exact product as Babies R Us brand?
Mine didn't come with adhesive. Is it supposed to? Directions says it works with 3M adhesive - which type? There are lots.
What is the model of these containers? Can I use them to store baby food?
Can these containers be sterilized either by boiling it or using an avent sterilizer?
How many cups and how many lids are included in the set?
Is there an adaptor for the Spectra pumps that would allow me to pump directly into these cups?
Does this product come with the sealing discs for storage? Thanks!
I have a medela breast pump, will the adapter work with it?? If not, where do I find one that will?
How many times do U use before disposing it off? It reads "Use the cups several times and discard or recycle if showing any signs of wear and tear."
Are the lids compatible with the avent natural nipples?
Are they microwaveable safe?
it is compatible with Philips Avent Single Electric Comfort Breast Pump
Is there extra large size of 30mm or large of 27mm?
Is this for Medela swing? which type of bottle could work with this Breastshield? I have a swing body and tubing what elase should I buy?
Will this work with the pump in style?
In one box there're 3 pieces of 1 breastshield, 1 valve and 1 membranes? That's means i've to buy the connector seperately?
Would you please tell me if there is also 21mm size?
what size is it?
Is this a pair or just one Breastshield?
what size is this?
Do these work with a pumping bra?
How does this fit with the removable carseat insert for babies under 11 pounds?
Will this product impede my ability to snap the infant carrier into the stroller on a Graco travel system?
Does this fit on an uppababy bassinet?
can I use infant bundleme in the Stroller? I don't now which size is perfect for him especially for his stroller. can I use it in Garco Snugride 30 or not?
If the baby is born in sept and will need this Nov - March, better to get infant or toddler size?
Are there slits for adjusting the straps of the car seat?
does this work with the britax seat
Do I need to wash it before the first use?
Will this keep the baby warm in sub-zero temperatures - how warmly does the baby need to be dressed underneath? We're in Boston.
Do you have torun these at belt straps through the blanket?
How does this fit with the removable carseat insert for babies under 11 pounds?
Will this product impede my ability to snap the infant carrier into the stroller on a Graco travel system?
Does this fit on an uppababy bassinet?
can I use infant bundleme in the Stroller? I don't now which size is perfect for him especially for his stroller. can I use it in Garco Snugride 30 or not?
If the baby is born in sept and will need this Nov - March, better to get infant or toddler size?
Are there slits for adjusting the straps of the car seat?
does this work with the britax seat
Do I need to wash it before the first use?
Will this keep the baby warm in sub-zero temperatures - how warmly does the baby need to be dressed underneath? We're in Boston.
Do you have torun these at belt straps through the blanket?
does this have flame retardants in the foam or any other toxins?
Is it better to get the original or mini?
Can you attach wheels to Arm's Reach Natural Original Co-Sleeper ?
Can you attach a baby mobile to this co-sleeper or any play yard? Can a baby mobile be easily attached to this co-sleeper or any play yard?
Does this void the manufacture's warranty (of the carseat) if used with a carseat? And is it safe in crash tests?
I have a Graco Affix Backless Youth Booster Seat with Latch System.Are Munchkin Auto Seat Protector will block the LATCH Interface&#xFF1F;
I see that people had issues with dye leaking onto their leather seats. I have cloth seats, and I am wondering if anyone had issues with cloth seats?
Will this work with a Britax Parkway SGL BOOSTER SEAT ???
Is the material absorbent to spilled liquids?
Is this product made of vinyl?
Where is this product made?
Has this product protected anyone's seats from the newborn carseat bases? Just wondering since they are shaped a little different. Not worried about the dye issue as my seats are black leather. :)
Is this product machine washable? If so would this aleviate any dye concerns? Thank you!
What is the dimension of the part that covers the seat itself?
Has anyone had problems with the motor failing? Has anyone else experienced this same problem?
Which models have AC power adapter? Is that true here?
How do you get the battery compartment open. I just purchased a used swing.
25 pound weight limit accurate? Do you think the weight limit of 25 pounds is accurate?
Battery Life? I was looking at getting the fisher price cradle swing, and I was wondering how long the batteries last?
Short waist belt straps: Does anyone have a problem with the waist belt straps being too short?
Can it be used for newborn baby?
The mobile part makes a clicking noise when spinning, is there way to fix it?
Papasan Cradle Swing: Are there replacement cushions available to buy seperately?
Can you control which color is lit up?
is it good
what size it is??
Does this light direct traffic?
Is there away to disconnect the wires to stop the flashing.
Is this electric or battery operated?
The green light does not light up. Is that how it is supposed to be?
can you replace bulb if so what size
how tall is the light?
can you turn on the red light separately from the green light?
Can I use multiple extension kits to make it even larger?
is it easy to open the panel and go in? I am wondering whether to buy this one or the one that comes with a gate (north states superyard colorplay ultimate)?
What is the mesurament of EACH panel?
Will this slide on tile? Is there anything on the bottom to prevent it from sliding?
actually I am buying this for my two maltese crossed shin tsu, but i dont know whether their little paws will get caught in the holes or poles
How much does it weigh in the box? May need to take one as a checked bag on a flight..
I want a gate to section off a corner of the room. Would this one work/is there a way to secure the ends to the wall?
If I install safety gates to secure a play area, will this play yard be useful at all?
using it for pet gate
Can panels be removed to make it smaller?
Are these white or blue caps?
Does the blue caps fit the new playtex bottles that twists?
how many are in each box?
only one pump adapter in each kit? as my question above, only one adapter?
Would this fit 8 oz Medela bottles with the Medela ice pack?
Does the handle unsnap or unbuckle (so that the cooler pack can be attached to a diaper bag handle) or is it permanently attached?
How long does this keep milk cold?
How many Dr. Brown's 8-oz WIDE NECK bottles would this cooler hold?
Would this bag fit inside a standard-size Jansport back-pack?
If I put cold bottles with the ice pack, will the formula be ok all day at daycare if the cooler is not put in the fridge?
Will this accomodate the blue Medela Ice Pack and 4 of the Large Dr. Brown's Bottles?
will this hold Dr. Browns bottles?
How many wide-neck Dr. Brown's bottles (4 oz. or 8 oz. size) could this fit?
If these are w/ the adapter, then why does your description say "...self adhesive strap"?
Are these bags compatible with the Pump and Go breast pump? I can see there seems to be problems with the Freestyle model.
How long can you store breast milk in the freezer using these bags? Is it the same time recommended (3 months) when freezing in the containers?
Are these BPA free?
Can you feed directly from bags? ie, use the adapter to connect to nipple and ring? (Want to use these as feeding "bottles," no freezing or heating)
Can you use the bags more than once?
does this set comes with nipples too? and how many
Would these fit on an Ameda pump? Do you recommend these or not?
1. Is that necessary to wash or clean the bag before the first time to use ? Is this ready to use in the box ? 2. Is this reusable for couple of times after clean and been placed in boiled water maybe ? Thank you
is this a 50-pack or a 20-pack? Title shows 50-pack, but description says 20-pack. Thank you.
Will this booster seat work on cloth covered chairs?
My almost 5-year-old is a little short for the dining room table. Will this still fit a (narrow) 5-year-old?
how much of a lift does it give...a few inches, several? Thanks!
My granddaughter is too tall and heavy for the high chair. I have wrought iron chairs with cushions. Would this be level enough for my 3 year old
How soft is this chair? I'm looking for a booster to use while homeschooling, is this soft enough to sit in for an hour or more?
Will this chair work on leather dining room chairs?
Does this booster ruin the finish on wooden kitchen chairs?
Does this one comes with harness so it would not detached from the chair?
The seat of the chair we would be putting this in is round and the booster will stick out a little at the corners. Would it stay put/be safe?
Has anyone used these for an extended period of time--do they rub the finish on wood chairs?
How deep is the inside of the drawer
If the demensions above under technical specifications saiy it is 22 inches wide why does another description list it as 34 inches wide?
If the demensions above under technical specifications saiy it is 22 inches wide why does another description list it as 34 inches wide?
IS IT REALLY STURDY
how tall on it too?
What are the dimensions of the lower part next to the tower, where the changing area would be? Just wondering what size changing pad this would need.
The description says solid wood and wood products. Are all the exterior pieces solid wood? I'm asking about the wood finish options, not black/white.
Is or can the tower be turned into a mini closet that you can hang clothes? Is there a bar in place.
Is the 32.5" listed product height the height of the lower part or the tower part? I would like to know both heights, please and thank you kindly!
Can you use the hutch and fit a changing pad on the dresser? Also will be there enough room for baby? Thanks!
Is the espresso finish at all reddish, or more a flat dark brown? Some "espresso" finishes are warmer like cherry. I'm trying to match another brand.
Is the white more off white, or a bright white?
What are the dimensions of the lower part next to the tower, where the changing area would be? Just wondering what size changing pad this would need.
The description says solid wood and wood products. Are all the exterior pieces solid wood? I'm asking about the wood finish options, not black/white.
Is or can the tower be turned into a mini closet that you can hang clothes? Is there a bar in place.
Is the 32.5" listed product height the height of the lower part or the tower part? I would like to know both heights, please and thank you kindly!
Can you use the hutch and fit a changing pad on the dresser? Also will be there enough room for baby? Thanks!
Is the espresso finish at all reddish, or more a flat dark brown? Some "espresso" finishes are warmer like cherry. I'm trying to match another brand.
Is the white more off white, or a bright white?
What are the dimensions of the lower part next to the tower, where the changing area would be? Just wondering what size changing pad this would need.
The description says solid wood and wood products. Are all the exterior pieces solid wood? I'm asking about the wood finish options, not black/white.
Is or can the tower be turned into a mini closet that you can hang clothes? Is there a bar in place.
Is the 32.5" listed product height the height of the lower part or the tower part? I would like to know both heights, please and thank you kindly!
Can you use the hutch and fit a changing pad on the dresser? Also will be there enough room for baby? Thanks!
Is the espresso finish at all reddish, or more a flat dark brown? Some "espresso" finishes are warmer like cherry. I'm trying to match another brand.
Is the white more off white, or a bright white?
What are the dimensions of the lower part next to the tower, where the changing area would be? Just wondering what size changing pad this would need.
The description says solid wood and wood products. Are all the exterior pieces solid wood? I'm asking about the wood finish options, not black/white.
Is or can the tower be turned into a mini closet that you can hang clothes? Is there a bar in place.
Is the 32.5" listed product height the height of the lower part or the tower part? I would like to know both heights, please and thank you kindly!
Can you use the hutch and fit a changing pad on the dresser? Also will be there enough room for baby? Thanks!
Is the espresso finish at all reddish, or more a flat dark brown? Some "espresso" finishes are warmer like cherry. I'm trying to match another brand.
Is the white more off white, or a bright white?
What are the dimensions of this pillow?
Can you wash the whole pillow?
Why are there 2 of these pillows on different pages and one says full size and the sizes and weights vary; same seller, same price.
how thick is it? either diameter or circumference. Most are way too big for my bed.
is this bag fits with BOB Revolution SE Duallie Stroller?
Does anyone know if this will fit the Mia moda atmosferra?
Will a Bob Duallie Stroller fit in this bag?
Does it fit a baby jogger city select?
does this fits a bugaboo camelon ?
Would you describe this pillow on the firm or softer side?
head support
Did you pillow have an aroma to it? It's definitely in the pillow and not the cover. If yours did, does the smell fade?
Is it comfortable to sleep on your back with this pillow during pregnancy?
I have found that all the pillows I have tried are to firm under my head leaving me with neck pain. could this be used with the open end open?
How does this fit on a king bed ?
Does the pillow include a cover?
I don't like the polyester cover can I buy a replacement cover
will the pillow fit a hospital bed?
When it comes to bedding I'm concerned about the chance of bed bugs. This pillow obviously shouldn't be thrown in the wash. Just wondering if anyone has had any bed bug problems with respect to this product. I'm pregnant and would appreciate any swift...
Can you go in and out of the gate? I do not see an opening.
How high are the bottom parts (my husband says "bumpers") that grip the wall?? We have wooden molding going around our floor and it is 3 &amp; 1/2" high.
What is the measurement of the individual mesh holes?
How wide are the rubber bumpers?
how do you set it up? everything is locked
My wall is 60" and i am looking for a pressure mount gate, would i be able to put 2 together? Will it hold?
Where is it made
What is width
How Tall is this gate and can it extend to 108 inches?
Does this gate bend? I need a gate that bends around curved stairs
How small can this gate get? The descption says 28" wide in one paragraph and 60" wide in the next.
What the difference between Extrat Wide Swing Gate and Wide Stairway Swing Gate?
Can this be used outdoors on a deck?
From all I can see this gate does not swing open....why then do they call it an "Extra Wide Swing Gate"?
Will this hate hold up to an 11 month old who is trying to walk?
Can it be installed between two cement walls? Cement block construction, corner pillars solid cement, stucco over it. Would I need bigger screws?
Can it fit unparallel walls?
Will this gate hold a medium-sized dog (~40 lbs.) and an active toddler?
Is this gate recommended for a golden retriever?
Would this gate be useful as a protective barrier to prevent my mother from accidently falling into the tub?
will it withstand the snow,rain and cold if used outdoors
We want the gate at our front door. The gate should pivot 90 deg. when closed to allow full access of door width. Is this possible?
There are a couple of conflicting answers regarding the width. Will this stretch to about 55 inches?
If you expand the gate to 48 inches or more, does the plastic guard on top expand that far also?
I have a really narrow kitchen door. It's just a hair over 24 inches. Will this fit and still be able to swing open and closed? Thank you!
Can this gate be installed at the top of the stairs?
how wide does the gate span?
Can this gate be installed at the bottom of the stairs, with a banister on one side? Preferably without drilling into the banister?
how well does the gate work with trim on the bottom of your wall, will i have to go above trim and have a big gap on bottom
Can panels be added to this item to expand it farther than the 62"? If I bought 2 could I take one apart and expand it?
Can this mount between an angled wall and banister?
One simple question -- how annoying is this to open and close? As the parent of a small child, this is key!
Does this gate swing open or does it telescope back into itself to open?
Anybody know if this can be mounted into concrete block? (Want to use it in classroom). Thanks!
has anyone used this outdoors to block off deck stairs?
In regards to the triangle openings in the gate..how big are these openings? We have a 4 pound Yorkie and we don't want her head to get stuck in them
Could this gate be used outside: to keep a dog on a porch?
Does anyone know how wide the actual individual panels measure? I wanna use this for my ferrets and will need to make some modifications w/ plexiglass
Can you use this on a platform bed where the mattress rests on slats rather than a box spring?
is this high enough for a pillow top thick mattress?
Would this work for a metal bunkbed? There's no box spring and the bed is metal rails.
Can two be purchased and used on each side of the same bed? I read a review for a different single bed rail that said the manufacturer stated that putting two on the same bed would be a strangulation hazard. Has anyone used two of this particular bed...
Will this work for a full size bed?
how long is the strap that anchors the rail?
can you use this with a couch?
Can this be used with a crib mattress? It will be on a toddler bed.
is this product will fit for king side bed ?
Is this 1 or 2 rails?
Why is my cream bassinet missing the restraint strap and it did not come with any bows?
Can I put a regular bassinet sheet on it?
I'm sold on all but the color..is the "cream" as pink as it looks?
What size battery does it need?
What are the features - i.e.: light? vibration? remote?
Can anyone tell me does this have a battery pack for power? Have had ours 8 years and can't remember. If so where can you get one from/make one?
How tall is this from the ground to the top edge? I'm wanting something that can be used as a cosleeper that is tall enough for my tall bed.
Extra bassinet sheets for this product: Since every baby needs at least 2-3 bassinet sheets, does anyone know which brand of bassinet sheet fits this 5 in 1 sleep system best?
what is the maximum weight for for the baby this unit
Is the bassinet attached to the base? It looks like it might come off easily?
Where are these Made? Thanks!
Do you have to attach it to the seat belt every time you put your seat belt on or does it stay on once attached?
I don't need anything else. Can I just buy these clips? I really need them.
Is this chair ok for travel? Is it a pain to carry around or does it fold easily?
Wondering about the length of the chair (Bunny or Dark Safari particularly). Our son was 22" at birth and out grew his traditional bouncy seat at 3mth
I am planning to buy this product but little confused as a similar Fisher Price rocker is for $45 and this one is $150. Which one is better?
How to store
Good day. What is the size of the box which is the product? I want to estimate the cost of shipping to another country.
Good day. What is the size of the box which is the product? I want to estimate the cost of shipping to another country.
What are the dimensions of the box in which I would receive the toddler? The box in which the product comes...
What size battery do I need for this item
What is the minimum width? Our stairs are about 23.5" wide and I can't seem to find the minimum dimension here.
I have this gate and wall mounters have snapped broken. I can't find a way to buy just the mounters again. Any leads?
How wide across does the gate extend?
Crown molding
Hi, it includes the hardware to be mounted or it's optional ?
Are these the only sheets that will fit the cosleeper?
Is this a fitted sheet to go around the mattress? It looks lilke it, but it doesn't say fitted.
Does this sheet fit the regular "Clear-Vue" from 2013?
This sheet is 100% cotton right? I read somewhere that the one which comes with Arms reach co sleeper is nto 100% cotton but a mix of polyester...
Clear vue
How wide is the wedge
Did this help with your child's reflux?? My 6 week old refuses to sleep in the rock n play..
Would this work for a one year old with a cold? To elevate the head? Or would he basically just roll off of it?
Does anyone know the degree of the angle?
does it fit a portable crib?
What age range does this work best for?
bassinet
What is the incline of the wedge?
what's the difference between this $18.95 dexbaby wedge and the other dexbaby wedge listed for $19.95?
I wanted to get this, but I am worried about the Prop 65 warning for CA residents under product. What about this product warrants that warning?
Will these work on a professional range, such as Thermador?
I have a kitchen aid gas stove...does anyone know if these will fit that?
Will this work to prevent animals from turning knobs? A friend of mine has a large dog &amp; non-removable stove knobs.
I see all references are for a gas stove, will they work on an electric stove as well??
melting point temperature
Will these work with a Wolfe range?
Would these keep my senile, stroked father (he can only use one arm) from using the gas stove?
Will these work on Viking stove?
Are they supposed to fit loosely and spin? This makes them more than a bit of a hassle when actually turning the stove burners on.
Do they fit outdoor barbecue knobs?
How do you safely remove this completely once the child is older? It's adhesive so I wanted to not ruin the door. Normal fridge--not stainless.
Is this lock easy for adults to release? Also, is it easy to keep disabled (e.g. during parties, when we want people to have access to fridge)?
Can you use this on a metal trash can?
Will this work on a side by side Fridge / Freezer?
Will this stick to stainless steel? Has anyone used this on an oven warming drawer?
Will this work? -Freezer and frame aren't 100% flush, have about and 1/8" difference. I do not have a child, need to keep freezer from popping open.
do these fit typical plastic bottles of other brands?
anyone know if these caps fit the glass evenflo bottles ...
are these threaded or snap on? I am actaully looking to use these on glass milk bottles. think they will work?
do these fit Philips Avent Natural Bottles?
do these have seals inside? I am looking to replace caps on Lifefactory 9oz glass bottles because their caps often leak as they haven't a rubber seal
Do these fit the wide neck bottles?
Do they work on the dr. brown glass bottles?
Is this BPA free cap?
Do these come in a Dr. Browns retail package?
Do these caps fit on the glass bottles too?
Are lansinoh storage bags compatible with this bottle?
i am looking for a bottle system in case of post-earthquake evacuation. can i use 1 bottle and just use fresh bags &amp; nipples for 3 days, no washing?
Do the 4oz liners expand if you fill them with more than 4oz of milk?
Slow nipples are included?
Can you use the 4oz drop-ins with the 8oz bottles?
Can you heat these in a bottle warmer or will it melt the liner?
Do all the colors come in the new angled version? Thank you!
hi! can you use 8 oz drop ins with the 4 oz bottles? what would be the drawback?
I am unclear how exactly I can heat up the content in the drop-in liner whether it is formula or cold breastmilk? Can you use bottle warmer?
I currently use the Ventaire system. After a few months of use they now leak out of the bottom no matter how carefully I assemble them. Do these leak?
Are lansinoh storage bags compatible with this bottle?
i am looking for a bottle system in case of post-earthquake evacuation. can i use 1 bottle and just use fresh bags &amp; nipples for 3 days, no washing?
Do the 4oz liners expand if you fill them with more than 4oz of milk?
Slow nipples are included?
Can you use the 4oz drop-ins with the 8oz bottles?
Can you heat these in a bottle warmer or will it melt the liner?
Do all the colors come in the new angled version? Thank you!
hi! can you use 8 oz drop ins with the 4 oz bottles? what would be the drawback?
I am unclear how exactly I can heat up the content in the drop-in liner whether it is formula or cold breastmilk? Can you use bottle warmer?
I currently use the Ventaire system. After a few months of use they now leak out of the bottom no matter how carefully I assemble them. Do these leak?
Can these be microwaved to heat up the milk? Thanks.
what kind of nipple comes with the bottles ?
Can these bottles be used for both breast milk and formula?
What color do they come in? Walmart only sells purple and im not feeding my son out of a purple bottle...
This product is made in the USA but originated from China?
Can these bottles go into the steam sterilizer?
what warmer will these fit in?
do the bottles have oz markers on them? It doesn't shoe in the picture...
Do these bottles fit in standard bottle warmers?
do anyone's bottles' bottoms leak? mine 3 bottoms leaked a little when just added water, and then stopped.
Does this use the same bottles as the Medela electric pumps?
Can you change the breast shields? I have 27mm that I use with my pump in style.
Manual pump vs electric pump?
is this product makes noise ( like philips avent)? i want to use it inside the airplane, i don't want everybody knows that i am pumping
Does this pump directly into either Ameda or Dr. Brown bottles?
Does your hand get tired/hurt while using it? I don't want to get it and hate it :)
I have size F (could get larger) breasts, and already have a hand pump. Can I replace my old shield with a larger one? where do I get the larger one?
how often can you use this pump? some pumps state cant use more than 2 times a day.
Is this a replicate product? I don't see the medela logo on the bottle and the pump.
Can I order with a smaller breast shield?
HAs anyone found cubbies to fit the openings?? I cant!
Can you remove the changing table part at the top? Can you remove the changing table part at the top for after they out grow it?
Does the pure white color changing table match with the (white south shore savannah dresser) and a Delta white crib?
how big are the cubby openings?
The drawers say they have dampers, does this mean they are soft close like higher end furniture? Also how is the quality of the drawer operation?
What size changing pad fits this dresser?
what are the dimensions of a single cubby?
The dimensions make it seem kind of short. Is it a reasonable height for changing a baby or do you have to bend over?
What are the dimensions?
Is it sturdy? I don't want anything flimsy esp if I'm spending this kind of $. Thanks
can you make this into a bong?
What exactly are they?
If I receive this broken will you send me a new one?
I want to know what they are for I thought something different
Is there a way to get all styles and colors pictured?
are they made of glass of plastic? If plastic , is it impact resistant ?
how many boilers do i get with my order it shows four on the picture but the details do not say if i get all four or just one it only says "colors may vary"and again this question is regarding the Westminster Hand Boilers Thanks
My kids got a red and a blue boiler for Christmas, was wondering if there was a way to request a green and a purple?
does this one come as a set of all four or do I have to get them seperate
This is listed in the baby section, are you sure that's a good idea?
Do you actually need to drill some wholes in the walls in order to hang this hammock?
Do you know how far it sags? My only available corners are above a closet door or above windows.
How many stuffed animals (medium and small) do you think it could hold?
How to hang
So corner anchor is in the ceiling. The other 2? The pic looks like they are in the ceiling, too, but many mentioned dry wall. What's best?
can you hang this from a canopy above a bed in a square shape instead of a triangle shape?
I misplaced the instruction manual. I have no idea why the plastic things are provided with metal hooks . Need to know steps to install hammock .
Would this hold action figures? I'd imagine it would be strong enough but how sturdy is the hammock material? Will it rip easily?
How much weight does it hold?
how many stuffed animals will it hold and do you have to put it in a corner???????
Does it come with a basket to put on the bottom of the stroller?
Is there any place where I could find a new seat fabric for a bugaboo frog?
can you take the frog on trail paths
How does this fit on public toilets that are elongated?
I dont understand how this fold and go seat works when a boy has to pee. Do you have to aim for him? Otherwise he will pee all over me.
What is the child's max weight for this seat?
How much if ship to Hong Kong?
Hello, with this price i would like 9 seats. do you have in stock?
Can this be used on a top bunk?
What are dimensions?
can this be used with a king size bed?
Is it strong enough for an elderly adult and what is it made of?
What is the shortest length of this bed rail? I have built in bunk beds that are shorter than normal twin bed length.
Does this work with a queen bed deep mattress?
Can it be used in a bed that does not have a box spring ?
Did it come with a safety strap?
what are the dimensions when collapsed?
Does it work with slat beds or do you need to have box springs?
does this cover fit a four sided changing pad?
Will this cover fit on a 30 inch changing pad? (instead of 32 or 33 inch?)
Is this machine washable?
Does the pad cover fit the Infant Safe Surround Changing Pad?
does the blue color come in quantity 2 ?
Is this good for summer newborns?
How it ships? I mean, is it folded somehow? What's the shipping size?
What material is this made out of?
is this waterproof?
My changing pad is 33 x 21, do you think it will fit?
does this cover fit a four sided changing pad?
Will this cover fit on a 30 inch changing pad? (instead of 32 or 33 inch?)
Is this machine washable?
Does the pad cover fit the Infant Safe Surround Changing Pad?
does the blue color come in quantity 2 ?
Is this good for summer newborns?
How it ships? I mean, is it folded somehow? What's the shipping size?
What material is this made out of?
is this waterproof?
My changing pad is 33 x 21, do you think it will fit?
does this cover fit a four sided changing pad?
Will this cover fit on a 30 inch changing pad? (instead of 32 or 33 inch?)
Is this machine washable?
Does the pad cover fit the Infant Safe Surround Changing Pad?
does the blue color come in quantity 2 ?
Is this good for summer newborns?
How it ships? I mean, is it folded somehow? What's the shipping size?
What material is this made out of?
is this waterproof?
My changing pad is 33 x 21, do you think it will fit?
how many ounces is it?
I'm having troubles getting the milk out once frozen. Any suggestions? How do you get your frozen stuff out?
The description says 2 'items'. Is it two trays and two lids? Or just 1 tray and 1 lid?
Is it BPA free?
does it seal tightly?
is this tray flexible or twistable in order to release cubes?
Can you use this for just ice cube?
How long can you store babyfood for in these trays?
How many ounces is each cube? 1 oz?
Will the cubes fit in an Avent bottle?
Do you have to use the screw in wall cups? I have to use it between two cupboards at the start of my kitchen. I don't want to screw into/damage wood
Can a 4-yr old open this gate easily? I want to keep the baby from falling down the stairs, but allow toddlers through easily.
I would like to mount this gate to the top of our stairs. One side is wall and the other side is bannister. The Kidco spindles don't fit it. Help?
What is the distance between bars?
Can this be installed at the top of the stairs?
Does it close automatically?
I have wide gap in the gate ... not sure how to fix the gate ...
can this gate be solid mounted at an angle?
The doorway Im looking for is about 401/2". Will this work?
how do you tell how tall a gate is? i cant have one over 3 inches tall because of a overhanging counter that gets in the way of installation
Can this be used with the click connect car seat
Can this stroller frame be used with the peg perego viaggo infant car seat? Do i need an adapter?
Use with SnugRide 32: Does the SnugRide 32 fit in this?
Can this be used with the britax infant car seat? Can this be used with the britax infant car seat?
I am confused by the click connect/classic connect difference. Does this need a second strap/lock for the classic connect seats?
Metrolite versus frame with Graco carseat: Thoughts?
Can this be used with the Graco Bucket car seat?
Can a stroller board for a toddler to stand &amp; ride be attached to this snugride stroller?
Can this stroller be used with a Chicco infant car seat?
Will this work with the Graco SnugRider Click Connect 40 Car Seat?
What is the difference between this model and the grey Chicco Smart Back Pack model? The grey one is less than $100, and this red one is over $300?
Does this fit like an actual backpacking backpack, where most of the weight is carried on the hips, or is most of the weight on your shoulders?
Is the hood removable?
Is it comfortable for child to sleep in?
What are the age ranges for this?
Can you set this on the ground i.e. at a table, and have the baby sit in it?
Has anyone experienced using this carrier in lieu of strollers at airports? Comments? Pros/cons?
Is there somewhere I can buy the hood and waist clip for this? Recently purchased this at a yard sale missing a few things - thanks
does any one else have problems with their kids feet digging into their lower back. am i doing something wrong?
What is the minimum weight and age?
Is the bottom padded?
Will it fit in a suitcase?
does it have a zipper
what are the dimensions?
Would these be large enough to accommodate adult diapers?
Do they fit the "Playtex Diaper Genie On The Go Dispenser"?
Are these packaged 50 disposable bags per 1bag?
For those with pets and babies, how do these compare to standard doggie poop bags? Any reason to get these also?
Do these bags have tie handles? Thanks!
are the 200 count packs the same product as 50 count packs?
What kind of a scent does this bag have?
Are they biodegradable?
How many diapers will one bag hold?
Can you use those sacks without a diaper pail (just throw it in trash can)?
How long does it play for
can you use this for a metal crib or only wooden with wider slats
what to use after this, when baby can stand in the crib: Any suggestions on other similarly enjoyable gadgets that are better suited for a standing baby?
Can you dry it in the dryer?
Can you fit a crib sheet over this mattress pad comfortably? Or is it meant to be used without a crib sheet?
Is this mattress pad made in the USA?
Is it hard to take on and off because of the "envelope" back?
Too thick/soft for a newborn?
Is it elastic all around or only at the corners?
how thick/ what is the height of this product?
What is the size of this mattress?
Does anyone know what color are these? Off white or clear? or are they a true white. I just want them to match. thanks!
old outlet
I tried to search for European outlet covers and this popped up. I don't think they cover only US outlets, correct?
Can you reuse these if you move the furniture?
What is the weight that this restraint will hold? E.g, how do I know if my dresser is too heavy?
Do these require drilling into the wall for installation?
Do you have to drill holes into furniture?
how many brackets are in this pack? one section says 8 brackets and another section says 2 brackets...
I have a big two year old (30 lbs) who is very active and pretty strong. Will this harness fit him? Will there be any room to grow?
Is the velcro in front or back?
What's the maximum extensible length of the leash?
I have a 8 yo skinny girl and 6 yo boy who wears 4t and 5t clothes. Would this fit them? (Long trip to europe, lots of airports and baby in stroller)
How can I get a replacement leash? On a recent trip, it got separated from the harness part and got lost.
I'm guessing the "255" number is supposed to 25? Does anyone know the the biggest measurement? I need 2 of these for a 5 and 6 year old
is it pretty strong as far as the hold. We are going to yellow stone and i worry about him falling and want to know this will hold
My son is 18 months old. He is a darter. Has anyone had problems with this restraint causing chaffing? Shoulder area/chest area?
Unclear as to whether or not this includes the leash? Does it? If so, how long is it? Thank you.
Is the strap elastic at all? Or can it stop the child abruptly (e.g. cause them to fall over)?
Again -- what size plastic liner? (In gallons?) 'Tall Kitchen' seems twice what's needed.
cloth diapers
What is compatible with the deodorizer compartment? Can you put anything in there? A charcoal disk?
What size reusable pail liners fit this can?
What size plastic bags does this take (if I run out of grocery store bags)?
Will the planet wise diaper pail liner work with this?
What size are the breast shields?
What size of breast shields does this come with?
30 mm and BPA? Is there an item number for the 30 mm accessory kit?
Arre these pump parts made by Medela?
Will this work with the old Medela Pump and Style Pump?
Not for use with the Freestyle, Swing or Harmony breastpumps. Does this mean this kit does not go with medela SWING?
Does it come in one original Medela kit box ?
Can these accessories be used with an evenflo breast pump?
how many valves and cones does this come with? The picture shows two?
Can someone clarify if this is for In Style or Freestyle?
why do I see japanese writing on the package? The one I own doesn't have that
Is the box or tube sealed?
is it fragrance colorant paraben free ?
Does it contain steroid?
Although this item said "Amazon Prime" it seems that you wanted to charge me $44 for second day shipping. WHY?
Will plastic grocery bags fit in this trash can or is it big enough to hold kitchen trash bags?
Can any cloth diaper people tell me what brand/type cloth diaper liners would work with this pail?
What kind of deodorizers can you use in this diaper pail?
what size trash bag do u use?
could you fill this with water ?
Does this pail have a locking lid...to keep the kiddos out...?
Considering this pail to hold my dogs' poop bags collected until trash day each week. Would it hold up well outside? Thx
Does this come with deodorizer disk? I viewed it at Babies R Us and there was no disk. Thanks.
where to find deodorizer disc
can you use this pail for both cloth and disposable diapers?
I am looking for the one that has a 3-1/4" arm that will work with my flush mounted cabinets. The standard ones aren't long enough for me
Is this lock visible from the outside of the cabinet?
How long is the latch that attaches to the cabinet door (the long part, how long is it?)? Thanks!
How many come in the package?
Is this product microwave safe?
Did the set you received have the large purple bowl? Approximately how much does it hold? Or any recs for a brand that is larger? Thanks!!
According to reviews only one lid,is that true.Doesn't it come with 3 lids for 3 bowls?
is it bpa free?
does it come with 3 lids for all 3 bowls?
Can anyone tell me how much powder (in units of cups---1/4 cup, etc.) each section will hold (I want it for protein shake powder)?
is this good for protein shake powders as well?
What if i want to store different powders, it keeps them separated? no mixes?
If you have this already...do you think it'd work with formula powder in one, puff/goldfish/snack in another?
do you have the green one?
What foods work well in these feeding bags?
how many feeders in the 1pack set? or how many you get for $7.99?
Any suggestions on how to clean them? They work great, but it takes forever to clean.
Where is this item made?
We know we are having a little boy - I know it says you get what color you get, but my daughter will not use a pink one. Can you help?
What ages is this for?
what material are the mesh bags made of? Is it silicone?
green beans
any seller sell only the bag? as wants to replace bag when the bags get damage?
How strong is the adhesive? I'm trying to keep a 30lb dog from getting into the cabinet.
how many are in a pack?
how many come in pack
How many are included?
Does anyone know where I can buy the replacement spouts for these?
is this cup microwave safe? Also is this leak proof?
Are these cups see though? the larger ones are solid and not see though.
Has anyone put warm liquids in this sippy cup and had any problems with the suction?
Are you supposed to be able to put a straw in the other hole opposite the spout? If so, where can one purchase the straw?
Are they supposed to come with straws?
does each cup have two handles? The picture seems to show only one handle per sippy cup
This listing has two different cups pictured: one with a silicone spout and one with a harder spout. Which one is actually for sale here?
Is this dishwasher safe?
Do you need to sterilize this before the first use? If so, how?
Can you provide the Weight &amp; dim for the package ?
where to find the manufactured date on this carrier?
can you ship the goods to ISREAL ?
What year was this product made in? I just want to check it is a newer version since the 2010 recall of this product.
How big around does it go? My husband is a big guy. I can't find waist and shoulder dimensions. Anyone know what the parent sizes are?
can baby be placed forward or only toward the person carrying her/him?
How comfortable are these to a woman with large breasts? I'm a DDD (and growing) and need to find something that won't squish me and baby.
Does anyone know whether or not this extension works with the Easy-close gate as well?
Do these extensions extend the gate that actually swings or the 'fence' part? I need to extend the 'fence' part.
I need to fit a 48.5 inch opening. Which extensions should I buy? Many thanks!
I'm confused about the 57.50" to 60.25" instructions. It says add two 4802s and remove the 4802 that came with it. I have an opening that's about 59".
Do these have the older valve system with one connecter strip or the newer one with two connector strips?
is this the older model scew cap or the new "twist and click" model?
Is this BPA free?
Will this bag keep milk bottles hot/cold for a 7 hour flight?
Does this bag hold three, 8oz. Dr. Brown's bottles?
Would this fit 8-oz Medela bottles? And if yes, would it hold 4 of these bottles?
instead bottles can I use this bag for baby food jars ?
Are there compartments inside to hold the bottles in place?
How many 8oz avent bottles fit in this bag? Thanks :)
Does the handle unsnap (so the pack can be attached to a diaper bag handle)? It looks like it in the picture but description doesnt specify.
Can it fit the 4 5-oz bottles that come with the Medela pump? And would there also be room on top for the 2 flanges and the tube? Looks tall enough...
How many Avent natural bottles does this hold?
Would this bag fit 4 Tommie Tippie bottles? I see a lot of comments on not fitting taller bottles - wondering if the shorter bottles would fit. Thanks
Older SnugRide bases fit with new SnugRide seats? Do older Graco Snugride bases fit with newer Graco Snugride seats?
Does this fit Snugride 35? Does this base fit a Snugride 35?
Does this base fit the Snugride 30?
does base fit snugride 22? Does this base work with it?
Just wanting to see if this base for sure fits model 1885594
Is this base compatible with the Graco Spree Travel System, Priscilla Model?
Does this fit with Graco Snugride click connect 40
Will this base fit the SnugRide 32?
which 2014 infant seats will fit in the 2008 graco base 22?
I bought Graco Alano Classic connect travel system. Does this fit my car seat?
Can I get this personalized?
what are the dimensions of the engine and each of the cars?
Does this have a pull string?
Can these nipples be used on any other playtex bottles (ventaire?)? I don't want to use liners but like the nipples.
Can these nipples be used on the Playtex Drop In bottles? That bottle comes with a silicone nipple but I want to try latex.
Will these nipples fit on any bottle? I have the Avent natural.
Do these fit standard glass Evenflo 8 ounce bottles?
Can thedr latex nipples be sterilized in Medela Quick Clean Micro-Steam Bags?
Will these nipples work on medela bottles that come with the breast pump?
Can these nipples be used on other bottle brands?
Which type is more firm? silicon or latex? the silicon is too soft for my 2 months old boy
I'm a bit confused do I get 2 nipples total or do I get 2 packages of 2 which is 4 in total ?
Do these fit standard glass Evenflo 8 ounce bottles?
Which Medela nipples fit these bottles? Not the new wide ones? Can someone post a link? Thanks.
Do you use regular pen to mark and store them?
Any reason these can't also be used to freeze/store baby food?
Medela breastmilk 2.5 oz. storage containers: Do the nipples have to be standard or wide base to fit?
Can you microwave these bottles?
Will these bottles fit inside the cooler bag that came with the Medela Freestyle breast pump? The bag is just under 5" (25 cm) tall.
Do they leak? Can they be stored horizontally?
What number is in the recycle sign? Is it #5 or #7 plastic?
What bottle brushes work well for these thin bottles?
Do these need to function as a bottle or has anyone just thawed the milk and then transferred it to a feeding bottle?
Is this stroller compatible with the maxi cosi mico car seat?
Does this fit the Regalo Easy Step Walk Thru Gate?
does the y spindle work with the g2001 on a stairwell? It seems like it would still need an attachment on the bottom to keep the whole thing from tipping over.
Is this compatible with Regalo Easy Step Walk Thru Gate?
What is the overall length?
is this compatable with the Carlson 0930W?
Besides Kidco, what brand of gates is this compatible with?
Does it work with 'Summer Infant Multi-Use Deco Extra Tall Walk-Thru Gate, Bronze'? http://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B0...
How wide of a wooden spindle will this fit on? Ours is wider than the one in the picture.
Is this compatible with the dreambaby gates?
Does it work with the Summer Multi-Use Deco Extra Tall Walk-thru gate?
Any user with inputs if it fits the Combi Miracle Turn snugly?
Does it fit for baby jogger city mini 4 wheels?
does it fit for peg perego book plus???
does it fit combi catalyst? with shuttle car seat attached?
Can this be also used for a chicco stroller without carseat?
I have Contours Lite Stroller, Tangerine and want to if it fits on it.
Will it fit my combi and does it protect against the wind
Does it fit the Combi Urban walker prestige ?
Does this require an electrical plug or a battery?
I tried using my blender, but the food was still too chunky. Does this baby food processor blend the food to a fine puree?
its dual voltage?
Does this pur&eacute;e baby food like the baby food you buy for first time eaters
Where is this made?
How is it for meat for kids 1 yr and older?
My bowl broke. Can I just buy bowl somewhere?
Can this make things like a smoothie? Can you put raw fruits (like apple chunks) and make it drinkably smooth?
Does this make fine purees of things such as peas with skins? My stick blender doesn't so I have to push through a seive to get it fine enough
Can this blend hard food and also soft food? I have a 6 month old and he needs all pured food. Does the food need to be cooked before blending?
cat
Can this be used when you have one wall and one wood (round) banister, without drilling holes into the bannister?
When I try to push the handle down to lock it, it is very hard. The video makes locking look easy. I am afraid to force it. Am I doing something wrong or is forcing it the way to go?
What hardware comes with the unit? Is it the large hardware package or the small hardware package?
Is it very easy to open? I want to buy it for my 5 year old son so when I am not close to him and cannot supervise if he is holding the rail and walking instead of running downstairs, the gate will stop him.
Does anyone know if its possible to hinge mount this gate and it swing back open 180 degrees?
What are the size of the holes in the gate face? I ask because I am using it contain small animals in my kitchen for playtime and they can squeeze.
gate will lock but will not retract
Is this gate self-standing or does require putting screws or similar into the door to support the gate?
if you drill into the wall does it swivel I have an uneven wall doorway?
This item requires 14" depth under the tabletop: I was so frustrated trying to find one critical bit of information: how deeply does the attachment mechanism go *under* the table?
Has anyone put the seat in the washing machine?
How do I fold in the Chicco Caddy Hook on Table arms in?
How do you fold it in the bag?
Does this chair have any type of harness?
Do these work on round tables?
How do you clean the canvas?
Clamp arms: mine don't touch the table underneath. The clamps are on tight but the long arms don't actually touch the wood. Is this normal?
What is the width of the space between the arms when it's clamped on the table? I'm wondering if the ezpz mat will fit between them.
The product description lists the weight limit as 96 lbs. On the box the weight limit is 37 lbs. Which is correct?
This item requires 14" depth under the tabletop: I was so frustrated trying to find one critical bit of information: how deeply does the attachment mechanism go *under* the table?
Has anyone put the seat in the washing machine?
How do I fold in the Chicco Caddy Hook on Table arms in?
How do you fold it in the bag?
Does this chair have any type of harness?
Do these work on round tables?
How do you clean the canvas?
Clamp arms: mine don't touch the table underneath. The clamps are on tight but the long arms don't actually touch the wood. Is this normal?
What is the width of the space between the arms when it's clamped on the table? I'm wondering if the ezpz mat will fit between them.
The product description lists the weight limit as 96 lbs. On the box the weight limit is 37 lbs. Which is correct?
how are these different than baby wipes or baby face wipes?
How many steam bags are included?
how many wipes are in this pack?
What chemicals or ingredients are on these wipes?
Are these connectors new and in original Medela packaging?
Does this come in a pair or just one connector?
Are these fort he Bump in Style pump? What is Personal Fit?
Will these connectors fit 21mm breastshields?
Can it be used for mini electric ?
Will these work with the Medela Freestyle?
Are those connectors manufactured by Medela? Do they have Medela logo on the neck? Are the plastic the same quality as all Medela products?
Does the tubing connect to the top or bottom of the circle area?
Will these fit 27mm breastshields?
Can I use this connector with medela swing?
does this fit bra size 36 c/d? I tried to use the 24 mm but it does not fit. thx
Do these work with Medela's manual Harmony pump?
Does this work with Freestyle?
Are these in a Medela box as shown at target store or in plastic sealed bag ? Thanks..
Are these the soft shields?
I have the Medela Pump in Style, and I want to order the larger breastshields. Will the connectors that came with the pump work or do I need new ones?
How many breastshields are there in one box?
My baby is 7 mo old &amp; 16 lbs. Do you think the XL size will be to big? I'd rather not have to buy large now and XL a couple months later.
is the sleep sack free of flame retardant?
Which is warmer - this micro-fleece one or the "plush dot velboa" fabric sleep sack? Thx
What temperature room is this sleep sack suitable for? Our nursery is heated to 76 Fahrenheit.
Is there newborn size available
do you continue to use your sleep sacks after your little ones are able to roll over, sit up or stand?
sizing information
Is the size Large arm holes any larger than the medium? The medium is getting snug on my child's arms and I would like to get the large.
Do you put your baby in long sleeves onesis + pants or only onesis when using this sack? Thanks
Can you use the medium size for infants under 6 months (or smaller than the suggested sizes)? Hoping that baby can grow into medium w/o getting small.
will it fit tall toilets?
Does anyone know how long &amp; wide the inner "hole" is? Having a hard time finding big enough.
Is there a way to make it sturdier?
which way is it.... on top of seat or do you raise the seat..it shows both ways... which is correct?
How tall is the pee guard? My son naturally sits tall and aims above all the pee guards...
Will this work with a shorter kids toilet- like at a day care?
Can the ladder be used separately?
can you use it on carpet our bathrooms are all carpet
Do the kids pull their pants down before they climb up on the step?
What are the measurements when folded?
Does it run only on battery and not electricity? Is it mobile - easy to move around in the house?
Would this fit a 5 month old or just a newborn?
My baby is 6 month old and his weight is 8.5kg... Would this fit to him ???
What are the dimensions (l x b x h) of the box in which this comes?
Does it vibrate?
Has anyone travelled internationlly with this stroller?did it fit in the overhead compartment? Would this work for a 12 month old?weight capacity?
does stroller come with rain cover? thanks
Will my tall toddlers feet drag on the ground?
I have a 43 inch, 38 pound toddler. Is this too small? We love our city mini, but it's heavy for travel. If not the chicco, any travel stroller ideas?
newborn
what is the weight capacity of this stroller?
Is this stroller comfortable to use for tall people? Like 6ft tall?
The item description says it weighs 12 lbs but a video I saw says it weighs 17 lbs. Which is correct?
does it have a cup holder
that car is fully baby lying in one of its positions????
hi - does the blue bib have a white or red collar?
How do people say their child finds it difficult to take this bib off? My 11 month old pulls it off within three minutes each time we put it on!! :(
Is neck part green if I buy yellow bib?
hi i need the red one by 23rd to LA, is it possible?
does this come in different sizes?
Ergo
Does this cover work with babybjorn miracle?
We have the Babybjorn one. Is the hood detachable to be used on it's own without the cover?
can you put the cover on when wearing the baby facing you?
Can anyone provide some instruction as to how to attach this carrier to my Baby Bjorn One?
will this fit a standard baby carrier that isn't baby bjorn brand?
Do you know the maximum height for the baby to fit in this?
Is the material of this product waterproof?
I live in Florida and am looking for a cover for the rain? Does it do well in the rain? Would it keep the baby too hot? Thanks!
Does this cover fit the Babybjorn carrier one?
All the reviews for the Kiddopotamus placemat are good, while all the reviews for the Summer Tiny Diner are bad. Are they the same placemat?
Do you know what the difference is between this mat the one for a few bucks less? http://www.amazon.com/Summer-Tiny-Din...
Is this dishwasher safe?
Will it help bowls or plates from sliding around?
Do the suction cups work? Does it really stay in place at restaurants?
I have two and for some reason they always get oily when not in use, they are cleaned thoroughly and air dried thoroughly and get oily when rolled
Why is the yellow hippo version not available for purchase here on Amazon?
Does it stick to wood tables?
Do the folds come out of it?
how do you get stains off of it?
Is the valence is 36 cm wide and 1152 cm long?
are there other characters in the valance other than just pooh and tiger? like eeyore and rabbit etc?
what is the measurement of this product?
What are the measurements for this valance? What is it made out of?
What is the warranty...the side latch won't stay latched on one side...it collapses.
similar product for single baby is under 70$, would you have purchase 2 of those instead of 1 for twins? thx
Have any of you used this as crib for twins?
is it portable
I would like to buy an additional thicker mattress for the twin pack n play. Where would I find that?
Can each of the bassinet be removed separately from the entire unit, in case if you want bring babies to different location? Thx '
What are the dimensions of the package (box)? I may have to take this on an airplane.
I've read that the pad is very thin and not very comfortable, that they tend to roll towards the middle. Have any of you experienced this? I'm think
Does the bassinet fit in the carrying bag? If so, how? Outside the 4 walls that the pad folds up to make?
Does the pack n play have a changing pad?
Britax seats in Prius? Any recommendations, Brtiax or otherwise?
Britax convertible- best for chubby baby boy? Any recommendations?
roundabout for Newborns? I am wondering about buying a convertible for our newborn. what are other experiences of folks who might have done that?
Does this seat work on an airplane?
Britax Convertible seats and cup holders? If not, does anyone know if there is a compatible accessory for Britax?
velcro? Does anyone know what this is for?
Does this seat make babies hot?
Britax car seat indent damage: Has anyone had a problem of this car seat ripping the cloth?
Britax Roundabout use with Maclaren Frame: Does anyone know if the Britaz Roundabout comes out of its base and can be popped onto the Maclaren Frame?
Expired 2002 Britax Roundabout: I feel like if anything was to ever happen to our child in a crash, I couldnt live with myself for using the old seat, but is it really as dangerous as my first time mother's imagination is making it seem?
Does Chicco key fit car seat "SNAP IN" to Baby trend snap n Go?
Does it work with MaxiCosi Mico?
does this work with britax infant car seat (b-agile travel system). thinking about getting this for my mom.
Is this the 1305R? Will it work with the Combi Coccoro car seat?
Does this work with the Aprica carrier?
I bought mine used. Is there supposed to be a strap to secure the peg per ego infant seat?
Does the BOB B Safe infant carrier adapt to this stroller?
Will this work with a britax b safe carseat?
does chicco key fit 30 fit the nap n go stroller system
Are there any Snap N Go stroller systems that fit the Maxi Cosi car seat?
I am willing to try this but I must add cereal to my son's milk. Would the thicker mixture pass through the spout?
Do these cups stack inside each other without the caps? Limited cupboard space.
Can this cup hold warm milk or is this just for cold liquids?
Do I get to ask for a specific color? I have an autistic boy who will only drink from the blue or green cups.
Is this dishwasher safe?
What colors are currently in stock? I'd prefer purple but would be okay with the blue or green - just not the pink.
I have a girl and only want girl colors. Do you still have purple left?
how can i guarantee i get the blue and not the purple you have in stock? buying for a boy
I have two girls. I would really like girl colors. Why can't we choose the color?
You can't choose the color of the cup, but I need 4 different ones. How can I get 4 different colors?
does this cover fit a four sided changing pad?
Will this cover fit on a 30 inch changing pad? (instead of 32 or 33 inch?)
Is this machine washable?
Does the pad cover fit the Infant Safe Surround Changing Pad?
does the blue color come in quantity 2 ?
Is this good for summer newborns?
How it ships? I mean, is it folded somehow? What's the shipping size?
What material is this made out of?
is this waterproof?
My changing pad is 33 x 21, do you think it will fit?
Cloud B turtle battery life: Can any give me info about how long the batteries last in this?
Does turtle need to be washed after being left near baby for fortnight?
Is this bright enough to use during late night diaper changes?
ok for younger than 2 years
Is it with music ?
how long on
volume on sound: Does anyone know how to lower the volume on the music.
Is there a moon on this? On the regular turtle, too?
What does it mean "includes Twilight Ladybug story"? Does it have sound telling this story?
about how much light with new batteries? would it be as bright as a small 5 watt nightlight? or as bright as a 25 watt bulb?
Will this cover work on dream on me 3 inch portable crib.matress ?
Would it be suggested to use this to cover the "mattress" that comes with the pack n play to make the surface not as hard?
Will this mattress pad fit the Dream On Me 3" Foam Graco Pack 'n Play Mattress ?
Will it fit a 5 inches thick mattress for a pack and play
Is this made to fit the pad that comes with a pack n play or for an extra mattress that is bought to fit in the pack n play?
Will this fit the Chicco Lullaby LX Playard? Planning for newborn...
It is actually made of cotton?
Is this made for a pack 'n play 'on the go' model, which is a little smaller than the regular pack 'n play? Amazon recommends it w/the on the go mode
Will this fit over the dream on me foam pack n play mattress? It is a little smaller but I was wondering if it will stretch enough to fit. If not what
Will it fit the Arm's Reach MINI Co-Sleeper?
does it come with a pillow cover
is a pillow cover included
Does the pillow arrives in a compressed package? If not can it be compressed to travel with? Thank you!
I have a heated mattress pad on my bed that I use every night will this shrink or damage the comfort u pillow thanks
what extra pillow case to order?
Is this the u-shaped pillow or is this a long pillow that you can put into a u-shape? Also how long is it when it's in the u-shape?
$99 is a lot to spend on a pillow. If my wife doesn't like this can I return it?
Is this the pillow that was designed by a nurse who had fibromyalgia?
Does this pillow work well on a twin sized bed? The dimensions are the exact size of my mattress and I'm wondering if it's going to be too big.
What is the total length of this pillow?
Is there an extension for this Kidco gate? I have a staircase which is around 50". the extensions from kidco do not appear to be from this gate. tx!
Can this be mounted at an angle?
Can this gate be used for the bottom of the stairs?
Our banister is metal. Can we install this gate? Does the gate need to be screwed into the banister? Is it easy enough if we're not handy?
can this be use instead of a staircase on a door frame???
Does this gate make a loud noise when it's open or closed? Our stairs are next to my son's room, and I don't want the gate to wake him up. Thanks!
Our doorway is exactly 24.75 inches. I know it *says* it will fit doors that small, but has anyone actually successfully used it at its smallest size?
I have molding at the top of my stairs. Do you attach the gate above the molding or just mount through the molding with spacer adjustment?
The description gives the product's width, but it doesn't state what size openings it supports. Will this work in a 44.5" opening?
How does the gate release / catch work?
I see some negative reviews about it being to firm, I want a firm but comfy matress for my 11 lb 2 month old..is this it?
Does this mattress fit the Babyletto Mercer crib?
Does this mattress fit the Hensvik crib from Ikea well?
Since this is waterproof, is it necessary to have a mattress pad with this mattress?
Can you provide some more detail about what the foam in the mattress is made of? What materials are used?
There's another set on Amazon that sells for over $40. Is the only difference the canvas bag?
Is this lower-case set or upper-case set, or both? From the product description I am not clear whether this is the 28 blocks lower-case set, or upper-case set, or both set (56 blocks)?
Are the corners and edges rounded, or are they sharp? Can't find a definitive statement.
are there double letters at all? for example if I am spelling a name with two 'E' 's...would this set have two of same letters?
Where are these blocks made? Can anyone help me?
approximately how many blocks are there?
What are the dimensions of each block?
What specific colors are the blocks?
Anyone have any idea why the age is 2? Was considering these for a 12 month old.
will it work on padded (upholstered) dining chairs? Anyone know?
How long can I use it: Can this booster do the job?
Will This chair ruin a wooden Dining room chair?
Leather, padded chairs: Has anyone else tried using this chair on leather, padded chairs?
How wide is this? Can anyone tell me how wide the dining chair must be to accommodate this?
FP space saver high chair and washability? Hi just wondered about the seat cover and machine washability?
Does this potty seat fit on elongated toilet seats that are often found in public restrooms?
how comfortable is it since its not cushioned and does it come with a carrying case?
Are the toilet's hinges really effective at eliminating pinches? I've read some conflicting reviews.
How often do you clean it? If not after every use, how is it better than a public toilet? Also, doesn't it seem gross going from public toilet to bag?
Can a adult use it
The description says there is a carrying case included, but from reviews and questions it doesn't sound like there is. Can anyone clarify?
Where is this product made? Does the packaging say "BPA Free, Phthalate Free, Lead Free"?
What is the coverage on an enlongated public toilet? Will it keep my child from touching the toilet completely?
Is there any problems with boys with this not having a pee guard
Does this include a "splash guard" for little boys?
does this clean easily?
what are the dimensions of the opening. I have a very small child that needs to use the preschool potty 7.25" wide opening.
Is this seat made of vinyl? I can't tell by the description.
Is the seat material water proof or is it somewhat porous?
does it ship in a plain brown box with nothing saying whats inside?
I am wondering of this potty chair is good enough for a boy!?
What is the max weight for this potty seat?
Do you recommend this seat for little boys? It seems that a lot of the reviews I have read on various seats have spraying issues for little boys.
Does the seat have something underneath to keep it in place when on the toilet? Is it easy to put on and take off the toilet?
Does the lid close while the reducer is attached or is it just for converting the base into a step stool?
Is this for an electric pump or a manual pump or both?
Does this set include the actual 2 milk bottles with caps?
i have the tubing and can't figure out how to connect and where does the milk go through? mine are all closed...am I that dumb?i have hospital pump
Do you have to have the pump to use this?
Will these fit any kind of glass bottles? If so, do you have a recommendation on brands?
Would this kit work with the Lactina pump? Some kits say Lactina/Symphony, but is this one only compatible with the Symphony?
hi does this come with the pump or just the kit without the actual pump
I have a collection of spare Ameda bottles, will they connect with this kit?
I have Pump In Style, can I use this Symphony Double Pumping System?
Is this package supposed to come with the tubing seen in the picture?
Does this fit the wide neck dr. Browns bottle? Thx!
Does the bottle go in the bag with the warmer when heating?
how many items are include it, one or two? does it come just the heater or with the cover too shown in the pic?
Does this work on glass bottles or glass ready to feed formula containers?
Can I place the pack in hot water to reactivate it, if I don't have access to boiling water?
Does this work with nuk bottles?
Can this warmer be used for things other than bottles (e. plastic food container)?
Does this fit the avent bottles?
Has anybody traveled with this warmer on a plane? Were you able to get through security with it in gel form?
Does it comes with both cover and warmer?
$88? are they nuts? why can't i buy this version?
Where can I find the original diaper champ in pink?
How do you take apart the top for cleaning?
Cleaning the diaper Champ. Does anyone have any suggestions?
Is it suspended in a door, held by door molding?
What is the maximum weight for the child to be able to use
How old should a baby be to use a johnny jump up?
I have green sprout bibs for my infant it their too small for her neck. She's 4 mos old. Are these bigger?
Can i embroider these?
What is the waterproof inner layer made out of?
are these machine washable?
I recently saw a three-pack of GS bibs at the store and the packaging said 'organic'. Are these organic cotton? Thanks.
Is the bib long and wide?
Is the neck tight? I want it to be tight around my 9 month old baby so she stays clean?
are these bibs big for a 9 month old? I want it to cover her so she stays clean... I want a BIG TOWEL bib...
Is the terry cloth rough on the face?
Can I use these for my new born baby from day1
What size are these?
Do these have the new velcro-type closure that isn't so rough, or is it the more standard/traditional velcro with a rough side?
Are these bibs good for introducing solids? Will they fit a 6 month old?
Do these have the plastic inside them?
what is the size?
Do they prevent spit up from soaking through?
Are these bibs 100% cotton?
What is the "waterproof inner layer" made of?
Do you have sizes for 12-24 months?
when folded and in the bag, would it fit in a large diaper bag?
How easy is it too clean? Children get pretty messy.
How much more height does this give the child? It looks like this seat is only about 2-3 inches taller than a normal seat.
Would the anchors secure it to a picnic bench?
I don't see anything that states what age-appropriate this is designed for?
Would this work well on the beach?
Was thinking of using this on an airplane for one year old, mostly for containment purposes. Any thoughts?
How does this product do as a stadium chair for a toddler?
Has the center strap length changed since the 2013 reviews?
is this too small for a three year old?
GRACO TURBO BOOSTER SEAT: DOES ANY ONE KNOW HOW THIS WORKS IN THE MIDDLE OF THE BACK SEAT WHERE THERE IS NO SHOULDER HARNESS?
How do you keep a toddler from opening seat belt latches? Any ideas beside stapling him to the seat?
Cleaning this chair: Does the seat have a washable removable cover?
Graco Booster with high back fairy tale: is this seat acually safe if it does not strap to the vehicle?
GRACO TURBO BOOSTER SEAT: DOES ANY ONE KNOW HOW THIS WORKS IN THE MIDDLE OF THE BACK SEAT WHERE THERE IS NO SHOULDER HARNESS?
How do you keep a toddler from opening seat belt latches? Any ideas beside stapling him to the seat?
Cleaning this chair: Does the seat have a washable removable cover?
Graco Booster with high back fairy tale: is this seat acually safe if it does not strap to the vehicle?
Some of the reviews contradict the product description. Are the strainer and blade made of medical grade stainless steel?
Is the food grate plastice or metal on this model? as 2007 reviewer says. Is the grate different on different models?
Does the metal caoting on the blade &amp; grate really rub off into the basby's food as a reviewer said?
Does this work with small amounts of food? There is appr 1" b/w plunger and blade which will not grind.
plastic
Is the serving size of 4oz. standard among most of these? as one reviewer said this one made too small of an amount.
Are the eyes plastic?
What is the size of this stuffed animal?
how large is the x-large exactly? id love to know measurements
What size (how many ounces) are the storage bottles?
Why are the Mother's milkmate bottles to be sterilized by boiling only and NOT microwave sterilization method?
does this work with medela pumps?
Are these microwave safe?
If you buy this do you need fewer bottles? Is it correct that you can do it all with these bottles-pump directly into it, store, and feed baby?
Has anyone used these bottles with the Hygeia EnJoye breast pump?
Is the company out of business? Neither the email contact ("Julie") nor the 800 # listed on their Contact Us page work anymore.
Can you use it with Medala 5 oz bottles?
What are the dimensions of the holder with bottles in it?
Do these work with the Ameda Purely Yours pump?
Do these fit the Philips AVENT Natural Glass Bottles?
Do these also fit on the wide mouth glass bottles?
Does these fit with natural glass bottles?if yes, once these rings are arranged on natural glass bottles can the classic nipples fit?
Does anyone know if these fit medela or playtex bottles? It's disappointing that Medela decided to discontinue the standard size.
I need to find the ring that goes into the nipple to keep it from leaking.
do these fit on the natural bottles too?
How wide is the walk thru opening? Would a 250lb man have to squeeze thru sideways?
Does this gate lock open?
At what height is the mount?
How do you open the gate? Is there an auto open function or just manual? Is it difficult to open with someone that has arthritis in their hands? We o/
The gate is advertised as 39.4" tall, but at what height are the upper mounting points? My banister is only 39" tall.
How tall is the extra tall the dreambaby extra tall gate? How many more inches in height does the extension add?
How wide is the opening when the walk through gate is open?
Does this gate come with any extensions? I've seen some that say it does and some that say it doesn't. What is the widest opening it can cover?
Does this gate come with a piece to keep the gate from swinging both directions when located at the top of the stairs?
Is it possible for this gate to be installed a few inches off the floor, so that our cat could crawl underneath?
How wide is the walk thru opening? Would a 250lb man have to squeeze thru sideways?
Does this gate lock open?
At what height is the mount?
How do you open the gate? Is there an auto open function or just manual? Is it difficult to open with someone that has arthritis in their hands? We o/
The gate is advertised as 39.4" tall, but at what height are the upper mounting points? My banister is only 39" tall.
How tall is the extra tall the dreambaby extra tall gate? How many more inches in height does the extension add?
How wide is the opening when the walk through gate is open?
Does this gate come with any extensions? I've seen some that say it does and some that say it doesn't. What is the widest opening it can cover?
Does this gate come with a piece to keep the gate from swinging both directions when located at the top of the stairs?
Is it possible for this gate to be installed a few inches off the floor, so that our cat could crawl underneath?
does it fit other type of... does it fit bottles by born free, or medela pump items?
Does it support 220 volts power.
what happens when you open it: Do you have to sterilize the entire content again??
Can this gate be attached to a banister on one side, and a wall with molding on the bottom on the other side (extending the gate will be uneven)?
What is the space between the bars? I want a gate that keeps dogs out, but will allow a cat to get through the bars.
do you have also buy an installation kit?
IS THIS ADJUSTABLE FOR A 41 INCH OPENING.
do the top and bottom latches need to be exactly parallel? my bannister is smaller on the top than on the bottom, so the bottom will be 3/4" further
does this strap work in the Target stores shopping cart? My Cart covers do not work in target shoping carts because they have a weird back.
high chair
I just received this strap, but it seems like one of the velcro pieces is on the wrong side as you have to twist it to velcro. Any advice?
Will this fit an 18 month old?
Does this strap contain flame retardants? If it does, there should be a tag on it that says it meets California TB117.
How wide is the gate opening?
will this work on a 88 inch opening ?
are extentions included?
How sturdy is this gate after being mounted?
How tall is the gate itself ? I need something that will fit under a railing -- must reach 50 inch width but not be higher than 29".
my doorway is 49 inches do i need more extensions?
Will is fill a 51 inch opening?
I have a space that is 7.5 feet. Wil that fIt withyou all would give dimensions in Feet as wel! When you have kids things like tape measures disapear.
We just bought the gates but can't get the latch close enough to aligh with the other side to click. Does anyone know how to fix it? Thanks :)
I have a 42" opening, will it fit or is it to small?
What are the washing instructions? And the Amazon listing says it is made in the USA...is that true?
What is the starting age for use of this cover?
can this fit on a high chair?
I'd like to know if this can be folded easily? and is it small enough to fit in a diaper bag?
I like the pouch in back and the strap in front, but 18mo old doesn't need the side support. Can you (and would you) use it without the side pillows?
How hard is it to set this up in a shopping cart while you are holding your baby? It looks pretty bulky.
Can you use this for high chairs at restaurants?
costco cart?
Does this have padding in the seat too, or just the sides (and maybe back)?
How long is the seat belt, or does it use the carts seatbelt?
Is there a place to keep the diaper trash bag roll?
Does this come in two pieces that fit together into one changing kit? It *looks* like it does, but the pic is not clear &amp; video doesn't work for me.
Does the wipes box work well? Or do they dry out easily in this case?
What is the measurement of the changing pad included in this kit?
What size is this when it is folded up? I'd like to fit it in the back pocket of my ju-ju-be prepared diaper bag.
Does this work with a platform bed
Bedrail for converted crib/toddler bed: However, I have been unable to find any kind of bed rail to use with this?
Which bed rail for a toddler bed? However, I have been unable to find any kind of bed rail to use with this?
Will the Dex universal sleeper bed rail work on a twin bed with bunkie board and trundle bed? The side rail on the bed is about 3-4 inches above the bottom of the mattress and it does not appear this will allow the rail to fold down.
Does it work with a thick mattress to provide enough of a rail so my baby can't climb over?
need bedrail for double high mattress - sterns &amp; foster: Anyone use one or do I need to buy a new mattress?
Is this pillow extra firm, or more fluffy?
Does this item cover with a cover or do I have to buy that separately?
Can I machine wash the entire pillow?
Britax seats in Prius? Any recommendations, Brtiax or otherwise?
Britax convertible- best for chubby baby boy? Any recommendations?
roundabout for Newborns? I am wondering about buying a convertible for our newborn. what are other experiences of folks who might have done that?
Does this seat work on an airplane?
Britax Convertible seats and cup holders? If not, does anyone know if there is a compatible accessory for Britax?
velcro? Does anyone know what this is for?
Does this seat make babies hot?
Britax car seat indent damage: Has anyone had a problem of this car seat ripping the cloth?
Britax Roundabout use with Maclaren Frame: Does anyone know if the Britaz Roundabout comes out of its base and can be popped onto the Maclaren Frame?
Expired 2002 Britax Roundabout: I feel like if anything was to ever happen to our child in a crash, I couldnt live with myself for using the old seat, but is it really as dangerous as my first time mother's imagination is making it seem?
how to replace the battery
how does the steering wheel come off??
How do you Change batteries on safety 1st walker?
What is behind the door, are there any pull-out/shelves or is it simply a tall storage space?
Is there room to put a changing pad on top of the dresser as well as other things next to it? or it will only fit the pad?
What is the measurement of the height at the highest part of the front? Part where baby would lay on? thanks
Are the bottoms of the drawers made of flimsy particle board?
How do you secure the changing pad to it?
Is the color of this dresser a bright white?
Does the changing table top come off so that it can be used as a normal dresser when the child is older?
How tall is this changing table?
How deep are the drawers? I know the wide and the length are good, but I want to know the inches of the drawers for stackable clothes and such?
I noticed some complaints about it being a bit tall for short people. I'm 5'3", will I have any issues?
What changing pad fits?
What changing pad fits?
specs are not clear...how wide is this piece?
Where can i purchase a changing pad that fits since only have 29 "
What are the dimensions of this chest?
Is there a place to keep the diaper trash bag roll?
Does this come in two pieces that fit together into one changing kit? It *looks* like it does, but the pic is not clear &amp; video doesn't work for me.
Does the wipes box work well? Or do they dry out easily in this case?
What is the measurement of the changing pad included in this kit?
What size is this when it is folded up? I'd like to fit it in the back pocket of my ju-ju-be prepared diaper bag.
Can I use this kit for taking foot and hand prints of my 15 months old baby?
What colors are in the kit?
Think this would work to make paw prints of my dog?
if we wanted to put the foot prints on fabric would it be waterproof?
Is this ink acid free?
will this work on a baseball?
Is this safe for pets as well? To take paw prints?
Could not find the ingredients online. Want to make sure it is allergen free. Did it come with a list of what was in it?
Will this canopy fit my graco snugfit 30 carseat?
We live in windy city Chicago. Can the shade withstand really strong wind like 20mph?
Can this be used for both full sized and umbrella stroller?
Can the shade be adjusted when it is already attached? Like to reduce the coverage or fold it in to take baby out?
Would it work well attached to baby jogger triple stroller if used for jogging?
Is this compatible with the Quad Strollers by Foundations? Thanks
is this compatible with the uppavista?
Does it fit the Britax B-Agile?
Is this compatible with the Orbit?
Do you know if it will fit onto the Mountain Buggy Swift?
How do I wash this?
Slippery?
How is the mat cleaned? Is it detachable for washing?
How do I replace the batteries
Is its bottom soft to fold?
how to attach mat to supports
was the battery already set in the playmat while deliverd?
What is that first song?! Anybody know?
what MUSIC is played? is sound quality good?
Can you buy the gym accessories, the little dangly things like the monkey and the parrot, separately?
Has anyone travelled internationlly with this stroller?did it fit in the overhead compartment? Would this work for a 12 month old?weight capacity?
does stroller come with rain cover? thanks
Will my tall toddlers feet drag on the ground?
I have a 43 inch, 38 pound toddler. Is this too small? We love our city mini, but it's heavy for travel. If not the chicco, any travel stroller ideas?
newborn
what is the weight capacity of this stroller?
Is this stroller comfortable to use for tall people? Like 6ft tall?
The item description says it weighs 12 lbs but a video I saw says it weighs 17 lbs. Which is correct?
does it have a cup holder
that car is fully baby lying in one of its positions????
The counts of each item varies in the two descriptions...one says there are 6 of each size bowl and the other says 4 of one and 5 of the other.
does this come with the travel lid for the sippy cups?
Will the small snack cup lids fit the 10 oz. cups? Son uses the straw cups and would love to seal for travel with a full lid.
So are these just one time use and throw?
Can they use for microwave?,,,
Can they use for microwave?,,,
Microwave
Proposition 65 warning: Does anyone know why there is a CA proposition 65 warning posted with this product (see under Product Details)?
hi... do you have shipping to venezuela???
How long do you need to put this in the freezer before it is ready to be used?
If I'm traveling and staying at a hotel is this ice pack able to be put in the fridge if I dont have a freezer? Will it still keep the milk cold?
What's the difference between this ice pack and "Bentgo ice packs" (much cheaper!)?
Can anyone confirm that this is in fact BPA and PVC free? Also what is the liquid inside? Water or a solution? I emailed Medela and got no response.
Is this the right size ice pack for the smaller cooler that fits 4 medella bottles? The cooler is the one that came with the complete medella breat pu
do avent bottles fit in the curves?
Is ice pack allowed to be checked in for flight?
What is the interior depth of the crib measuring from the mattress support to the top of the side rails when the crib is at the lowest height setting?
Good for petite moms? Is the Kalani good for short moms?
What is the distance between the bottom rail and the floor? I would like to use under-the-bed storage and want to be sure something could fit under.
Has anyone used the DaVinci Kalani Crib as a co-sleeper (nestled up next to their own bed like a sidecar)? Does it work well in that capacity?
Do I need to buy any bed frame or rail to get it it be a full size bed?
Crib mattress for DaVinci Kalani crib: Do any other Kalani crib owners have a suggestion as to crib mattresses?
What is the mattress size for this bed?
Hi two questions: 1) is the mattress height on this adjustable? 2) is there a side rail that be raised/lowered using one hand? thx!
Does your company currently in stock and ready to ship in expresso?
How easily is it to convert? We are grandparents of a baby and 3 year old. Can it be done quickly for different child? Does it take min or hrs?
When the mattress platform is at the lowest position what is the height from the platform to the top of the side railing?
How many mattress positions are there to choose from? Or can you adjust the height to wherever you want?
Does anyone know if the naturepedic mini/portable crib mattress fits with this crib? Im looking for an organic mattress that fits with this crib.
Is this crib JPMA certified? Does it really matter if it isnt?
What is the exact measurement length wise. From the outside edge to the other outside edge length. I have a 41" space to put it in. Thank you.
I just purchased this crib along with the Naturepedic mattress, but it is too large. What mattress besides the Davinci mattresses work with this?
Is this crib 16 CFR 1220 compliant?
Do the two side panels have plastic teething rails (The manual says they have, but my two orders, including a replacement, do not have)?
Wheels? In the picture, it looks like there are wheels on the bottom?
sheets and bedding: What bedding fits the mini crib????
Does the bed includes one or two side rails? All customer images show two rails.
Does it come with the mattress?
too high
Could someone tell me how high is the side rail, the shorter side. The dimentions of it.
Can you use crib bumpers with this bed?
How high is the clearance under the bed? I would want to build a trundle for it to accommodate my twins.
The pics are a little unclear. Does this bed convert to a regular twin sized day bed? I can't tell if it just goes straight from toddler bed to full.
How high is the top of thew mattress (or mattress support) off the ground? And how high is the lower side rail above that?
What size mattress does it need?
Does it convert into a twin and a full? or just a full?
Is this bed ok for shorter people? I'm 5'3 and wondering if it will be hard to bend over and get out the baby (especially because of the front rail)?
My sister bought this bed a couple of years ago and when she moved, she lost a few screws and barrel nuts. Where can I get those parts?
Do the screws go into wood, or are there metal bushings for the screws so that it can be safely taken apart and put back together multiple times?
Is this white a true white or is it more cream? Is it bright or flat? I'm trying to match a Graco dresser I have, but they've discontinued the crib.
Does this crib have the mattress spring system in lieu of the solid adjustable mattress
Do I need to buy a bigger size matress once the crib is converted into todler bed?
How difficult is it to convert from a crib to toddler bed with the railing? How long does it take?
When did you lower the mattress? When did you lower the mattress height?
Please help with a mobile that fits this crib: Can someone please share the name of a baby mobile that fits on this crib?
What is included with this purchase? Are all parts included to convert from crib to toddler bed to day bed to full size?
When the mattress platform is at the lowest position what is the height from the platform to the top of the side railing?
How many mattress positions are there to choose from? Or can you adjust the height to wherever you want?
Does anyone know if the naturepedic mini/portable crib mattress fits with this crib? Im looking for an organic mattress that fits with this crib.
Is this crib JPMA certified? Does it really matter if it isnt?
What is the exact measurement length wise. From the outside edge to the other outside edge length. I have a 41" space to put it in. Thank you.
I just purchased this crib along with the Naturepedic mattress, but it is too large. What mattress besides the Davinci mattresses work with this?
Is this crib 16 CFR 1220 compliant?
Do the two side panels have plastic teething rails (The manual says they have, but my two orders, including a replacement, do not have)?
Wheels? In the picture, it looks like there are wheels on the bottom?
sheets and bedding: What bedding fits the mini crib????
What is the interior depth of the crib measuring from the mattress support to the top of the side rails when the crib is at the lowest height setting?
Good for petite moms? Is the Kalani good for short moms?
What is the distance between the bottom rail and the floor? I would like to use under-the-bed storage and want to be sure something could fit under.
Has anyone used the DaVinci Kalani Crib as a co-sleeper (nestled up next to their own bed like a sidecar)? Does it work well in that capacity?
Do I need to buy any bed frame or rail to get it it be a full size bed?
Crib mattress for DaVinci Kalani crib: Do any other Kalani crib owners have a suggestion as to crib mattresses?
What is the mattress size for this bed?
Hi two questions: 1) is the mattress height on this adjustable? 2) is there a side rail that be raised/lowered using one hand? thx!
Does your company currently in stock and ready to ship in expresso?
How easily is it to convert? We are grandparents of a baby and 3 year old. Can it be done quickly for different child? Does it take min or hrs?
What is the interior depth of the crib measuring from the mattress support to the top of the side rails when the crib is at the lowest height setting?
Good for petite moms? Is the Kalani good for short moms?
What is the distance between the bottom rail and the floor? I would like to use under-the-bed storage and want to be sure something could fit under.
Has anyone used the DaVinci Kalani Crib as a co-sleeper (nestled up next to their own bed like a sidecar)? Does it work well in that capacity?
Do I need to buy any bed frame or rail to get it it be a full size bed?
Crib mattress for DaVinci Kalani crib: Do any other Kalani crib owners have a suggestion as to crib mattresses?
What is the mattress size for this bed?
Hi two questions: 1) is the mattress height on this adjustable? 2) is there a side rail that be raised/lowered using one hand? thx!
Does your company currently in stock and ready to ship in expresso?
How easily is it to convert? We are grandparents of a baby and 3 year old. Can it be done quickly for different child? Does it take min or hrs?
Is this bed ok for shorter people? I'm 5'3 and wondering if it will be hard to bend over and get out the baby (especially because of the front rail)?
My sister bought this bed a couple of years ago and when she moved, she lost a few screws and barrel nuts. Where can I get those parts?
Do the screws go into wood, or are there metal bushings for the screws so that it can be safely taken apart and put back together multiple times?
Is this white a true white or is it more cream? Is it bright or flat? I'm trying to match a Graco dresser I have, but they've discontinued the crib.
Does this crib have the mattress spring system in lieu of the solid adjustable mattress
Do I need to buy a bigger size matress once the crib is converted into todler bed?
How difficult is it to convert from a crib to toddler bed with the railing? How long does it take?
When did you lower the mattress? When did you lower the mattress height?
Please help with a mobile that fits this crib: Can someone please share the name of a baby mobile that fits on this crib?
What is included with this purchase? Are all parts included to convert from crib to toddler bed to day bed to full size?
Is this bed ok for shorter people? I'm 5'3 and wondering if it will be hard to bend over and get out the baby (especially because of the front rail)?
My sister bought this bed a couple of years ago and when she moved, she lost a few screws and barrel nuts. Where can I get those parts?
Do the screws go into wood, or are there metal bushings for the screws so that it can be safely taken apart and put back together multiple times?
Is this white a true white or is it more cream? Is it bright or flat? I'm trying to match a Graco dresser I have, but they've discontinued the crib.
Does this crib have the mattress spring system in lieu of the solid adjustable mattress
Do I need to buy a bigger size matress once the crib is converted into todler bed?
How difficult is it to convert from a crib to toddler bed with the railing? How long does it take?
When did you lower the mattress? When did you lower the mattress height?
Please help with a mobile that fits this crib: Can someone please share the name of a baby mobile that fits on this crib?
What is included with this purchase? Are all parts included to convert from crib to toddler bed to day bed to full size?
When the mattress platform is at the lowest position what is the height from the platform to the top of the side railing?
How many mattress positions are there to choose from? Or can you adjust the height to wherever you want?
Does anyone know if the naturepedic mini/portable crib mattress fits with this crib? Im looking for an organic mattress that fits with this crib.
Is this crib JPMA certified? Does it really matter if it isnt?
What is the exact measurement length wise. From the outside edge to the other outside edge length. I have a 41" space to put it in. Thank you.
I just purchased this crib along with the Naturepedic mattress, but it is too large. What mattress besides the Davinci mattresses work with this?
Is this crib 16 CFR 1220 compliant?
Do the two side panels have plastic teething rails (The manual says they have, but my two orders, including a replacement, do not have)?
Wheels? In the picture, it looks like there are wheels on the bottom?
sheets and bedding: What bedding fits the mini crib????
Can anyone recommend an organic mattress that will fit this? I found an LA BAby that said organic, but it was just the cover. Thanks.
What are the dimensions of this mini crib WHEN ASSEMBLED?
Can this be converted to a toddler bed as well?
does it work as a rocking crib too, like other mini cribs?
Can I change the levels of the bed so I won't bend inside to grab my infant baby?
Hello, could you tell me the space/distance in the middle between 2 slats of the crib? Thanks a lot
how portable is the crib? is it easy to roll in and out?
Will this fit regular size crib sheets?
Can anyone tell me till how long can I use this crib till? My little one is growing up so fast i wonder if I will be able to use it for quite sometime
What holds up the mattress (e.g., wooden slats, metal spring platform, particle board)?
How high are the edges on either side? Would a 4 inch changing pad work with this table?
Can anyone give an exact measurement of how much vertical space there is on the shelves? Will a basket 10 inches tall fit?
Is the finish formaldehyde/HAPS and VOC free? Is the glue water soluable? What is the matress pad made of anf covered with ( exact materials as in MDS info please)
How much space is there height-wise on the shelves? Wondering how tall baskets,etc. can be and still fit on the shelf.
Is this bed ok for shorter people? I'm 5'3 and wondering if it will be hard to bend over and get out the baby (especially because of the front rail)?
My sister bought this bed a couple of years ago and when she moved, she lost a few screws and barrel nuts. Where can I get those parts?
Do the screws go into wood, or are there metal bushings for the screws so that it can be safely taken apart and put back together multiple times?
Is this white a true white or is it more cream? Is it bright or flat? I'm trying to match a Graco dresser I have, but they've discontinued the crib.
Does this crib have the mattress spring system in lieu of the solid adjustable mattress
Do I need to buy a bigger size matress once the crib is converted into todler bed?
How difficult is it to convert from a crib to toddler bed with the railing? How long does it take?
When did you lower the mattress? When did you lower the mattress height?
Please help with a mobile that fits this crib: Can someone please share the name of a baby mobile that fits on this crib?
What is included with this purchase? Are all parts included to convert from crib to toddler bed to day bed to full size?
Can anyone recommend an organic mattress that will fit this? I found an LA BAby that said organic, but it was just the cover. Thanks.
What are the dimensions of this mini crib WHEN ASSEMBLED?
Can this be converted to a toddler bed as well?
does it work as a rocking crib too, like other mini cribs?
Can I change the levels of the bed so I won't bend inside to grab my infant baby?
Hello, could you tell me the space/distance in the middle between 2 slats of the crib? Thanks a lot
how portable is the crib? is it easy to roll in and out?
Will this fit regular size crib sheets?
Can anyone tell me till how long can I use this crib till? My little one is growing up so fast i wonder if I will be able to use it for quite sometime
What holds up the mattress (e.g., wooden slats, metal spring platform, particle board)?
does this cradle swing?
can eight month old baby sleep in it?
Does it come with a mattress?
Will an 18x36 cradle mattrees (like the one Amazon suggests buying together with it) fit if I prefer a thicker pad?
inches between rungs?
What kind of mattress did you use with this cradle?
What is maximum weight for this cradle?
Can this cradle be assembled without the wheels? Thanks.
The "cherry" appears to be darker than the "espresso". Is this accurate? I would like to order the darker of the two colors.
How long can I put my baby in this Cradle? Can I use this until the baby is an year old ?
Does the bed includes one or two side rails? All customer images show two rails.
Does it come with the mattress?
too high
Could someone tell me how high is the side rail, the shorter side. The dimentions of it.
Can you use crib bumpers with this bed?
How high is the clearance under the bed? I would want to build a trundle for it to accommodate my twins.
The pics are a little unclear. Does this bed convert to a regular twin sized day bed? I can't tell if it just goes straight from toddler bed to full.
How high is the top of thew mattress (or mattress support) off the ground? And how high is the lower side rail above that?
What size mattress does it need?
Does it convert into a twin and a full? or just a full?
Is this okay for an 18 month old? Also, did this fit your crib mattress?
Are the guard rails removable?
I realized that the mattress is sold separately, I need a length dimension of the sleeping place of 140 cm or 130 see ?
How high is the foot board?
can you let me know how many inches apart for the foundation slats?
Are there bed rails for this bed? The bed has a large side opening for my daughter to get in and out of, which is great...except my daughter is falling out at night, and while I am sure she will get used to it, I wouldn't mind getting some rails to...
how high off the floor is it? looking to place it next to my bed and I am hoping it lines up with my mattress which is 16 inches off the floor to top of mattress.
is this spring loaded ?
Can this be installed on a triple slider
is there a similar item that does not need drilling, just stick on velcro sides
Does this particular product come with the keeper plate (the picture doesn't show it)?
Can I install this to the bottom track? My Patio doors are tall and I would not be able to reach the top.
Can a 3 or 4 year old unlock it if they are able to climb up and reach it? My son is an escape artist. He can reach anything in our by climbing. :(
Can an adult open the door from the outside? Can it be used to keep kids outside?
can it be used with door blinds
Will this work on a pocket door?
How much space does it need on the door to fit properly? My door only has about 1/2 an inch because of a metal grip.
what is the baby weight limit of this item?
is this 100% cutton&gt;
Has anybody been able to successfully use this swaddle blanket on a newborn who hates having her arms swaddled?
Doesn't the baby get too hot in summer months / warm climates?
is this 100% cotton?
Would this work for a small newborn (about 5 lbs)? My sister and brother-in-law just had twins and are desperate for some sleep! Thanks!
Where is this made? Thanks
I have a very long daughter and other swaddle sacks have not works for me because she out grows them to fast, will this be able to grow w/ her?
How sturdy is it? Do you think a 25+ lbs kid could pull or knock over this gate while upright?
We'd like to put it together in the morning and put it away at night, how easy, flexible and easy would it be to do this everyday?
Any suggestions on how to keep Baby from climbing out? We've tried everything. Would weaving a strong fabric through the holes help?
Can I use this to surround a toddler bed to keep my son from getting away too quickly. He can crawl out of his crib but is only 16months.
Has anyone use this for small puppy/ dog playpen?
Sturdy enough for an adult labrador dog? I am wondering if this 60 lb. dog will be able to move the play yard around the room?
Can the panels come apart so I could potentially use 3 to block off the fireplace and 3 to block off something else?
Can two of these be connected and if so how?
Is the 6 or 8 panel sturdier? Or are they about the same?
How much does it weight ? listed 11.8 lbs but also list as 21 lbs
how many extension panels can I add on?
I can't work out how to join on the extension - it makes no sense - I read the reviews already - help please!!
Would this be good to block a wide door way for a dog using each panel
Somebody gave us their old Summer playard (3-4 years old) and the siding has hexagonal shapes. Will this extension kit fit the older model playard?
Can I add 2 sets of extensions? (Total 4 additional panels to the original 6)
Do you think it would be possible to connect two complete play yards? I figure I could stake them in for stability. Thanks and be well.
Is this gate easy to open? Would like to put at top of deck steps .
Will this gate work in a doorway that is not completely square (old house)?
Would a ferret be able to squeeze their way through this fence? I can't tell in the pictures how wide the spaces are.
Would a cat be able to jump over/jump onto this gate? I need it to keep the dogs out of the cat litter area since they think it's their treat buffet
What is the mesh on this gate made out of -- wire or plastic?
Will this mattress work in a regular crib for long term use?
Does this mattress fit a Cosco foldable mini crib?
What size sheets do you guys use with this mattress? Also, will I need a mattress pad? If yes, which did you use? Thank you sooo much!!!
If you're using this for a pack n play - how does this travel? Can you roll it? Does it have to lay flat? Thanks
So I may get it wrong but the thickness of the matress is 2 inches right?
will this work on a toddler bed?
Does this work with an Arm's Reach Original Cosleeper?
Do you use this on top of the 1" mattress that comes with the portable crib, or by itself?
Is this a foam mattress and does it have a label indicating that it contains fire retardants?
The bottom of my Graco Pack n play broke. Can this fit in a Graco Pack n Play and will it work as a replacement pad for the bottom?
Does the changing pad need to be secured if used on top of a dresser?
Will any changing pad cover work on this product?
Is this product safely made?
Does this pad have hard surface or is it pretty soft? Thanks!
Does this changing pad have chemical odors? When I go to babies R us, a lot of changing pads (with waterproof covers) have strong chemical odors.
what are the dimensions of the changing pad?
How secure is the changing pad after attaching the strap with the screw to the back of the dresser, and how well does it stay secure after much use?
If I shoved this into my suitcase so I can transport it as a gift for my cousin, would it hold its shape in a day of travel?
Is the entire thing machine washable? And this vinyl covering it mentions, does that mean it doesn't require a separate cover?
Hi, from what kind of material was it made? Does it have PVC ? Thanks.
3 Radian carseats in a row: Has anyone tried to fit 3 of the Radian seats side by side in a standard car/small SUV?
can sunshine kids radian 80 car seat turn into a booster seat?
Sunshine Kids Radian in a 2007 Subaru Impreza Wagon: Does anybody know if a SK Radian will fit in my 2007 Subaru Impreza Wagon rear facing?
3 Radian car seats in a 3rd Row: Does anyone know if 3 Radian car seats can fit in the 3rd row of a Tahoe?
Does the chair not rotate at all? After installation, my boon chair can rotate a little bit say 10 degrees. It is normal?
I like the look of the white color but worry that it will easily stain. Does the white stain or will it retain its color with regular cleaning?
Does it really last till 4 years of age or 50 lbs? Seems like the crotch part would be an issue for a bigger child.
The tray height from the floor seems a little low, has anyone noticed if this highchair sits the same or lower than other highchairs on the market?
The pad seems to be too thin with hard plastic all around. Is it comfy enough for my 4-months old baby?
The top white chair part swivels about 2 inches in each direction. The silver base pole is staying stationary. Is this normal?
Does the crotch post come off on the newer model also? And does this come with the tray as of 2015
Does the white have a cool greenish tinge to it? I've seen pics of the white with the white seat cover and they look like two dif. shades of white.
What is the diameter of the base? I want to know if it has a smaller than other highchairs as we live in a small space.
The tray is much much smaller than other high chairs. Is this an issue for anyone? we want to use this for a toddler as well.
3 Radian carseats in a row: Has anyone tried to fit 3 of the Radian seats side by side in a standard car/small SUV?
can sunshine kids radian 80 car seat turn into a booster seat?
Sunshine Kids Radian in a 2007 Subaru Impreza Wagon: Does anybody know if a SK Radian will fit in my 2007 Subaru Impreza Wagon rear facing?
3 Radian car seats in a 3rd Row: Does anyone know if 3 Radian car seats can fit in the 3rd row of a Tahoe?
it hangs too low for our 5 month old. and the adjustment is at it's highest setting. what are we missing?
How wide does the clamp stretch? We have some serious molding in our old home - it looks like the clamp will need to stretch to at least 8inches.
I need the 96-lb model. Can you please check the box to verify it is the 96-lb limit? (I received the 25-lb one last time.)
Why does this page list this product as made in the USA?
What age did you start using this?
How tall of a door opening will this work on? We have taller than normal door openings &amp; want to make sure baby will be able to reach the floor.
What is the weight limit? On the description it says 96 pounds...whaaaat? On the manual it says 25 lbs. Wondering what age people stop using this?
My daughter wraps her fingers around the tray edges; has anyone had their child smash their fingers against the door?
what is the weight limit on this? Spec says 96 lbs but then seen up to 25. My chunky monkey granddaughter is 5 months old and already 22 lbs.
i wanna jumper of a heavy weight kid, he is 16 kg, any help please
Is this microwave safe?
Is this BPA free?
What plastic recycle code are these?
Do you think this is a better option than a blender for making homemade baby food?
Will it puree cooked asparagus since that veggie tends to have strings that need to be removed or would the strings clog it up too fast?
Does the inside bottom part that pushes the food upwards go all the way to the top and push all food through? I had one that left 1/8" food inside...
does this separate or strain skin or seed or bones while grinding? Like berries or chicken?
Can it grind cooked meat?
is it easy to clean or a pain in the butt with many parts?
can you use it on flax seed?
Is this BPA free?
Is the Gray/White Mesh Baby Carrier better for places where the summer is very hot and humid?
Can I position the baby face front? I want him to look forward, not into my chest!
How is the Original different from the Miracle? They appear very similar. Thank you.
Can I use this to carry my baby on my back?
big
color: is the color of this white grey and red or white grey and pink?
Would this carrier be suitable for a dog?
I am a big guy I wear 2 to 3 X shirts would this fit me?
Owners - how have you cleaned up the little crevices on the underside of the lid? I've had to throw three of them away with gummed up milk.
Is the spout soft or flexible at all?
do these cups fit in car seat cup holders?
Are these cups made in USA or China???
what age or stage are these cups?
Do these fit in a bottle warmer?
Do these cups have valves that have to be separated from the lid and cleaned or is it just the lid and cup? Looking for easy cups to take to daycare!
Does the Chicco KeyFit 30 carseat attach easily?
Difference between Joovy Caboose and Joovy Ultralight: What am I missing?
Toddler facing forward on rear seat? Has anyone found a safe way to face a toddler forward in the backseat?
Can the older child in the rear bench seat still sit comfortably with the infant car seat installed in the front?
Is it easy to maneuver this stroller on the subway? We live in Boston in case that gives you a frame of reference for door size on the train! Tx
Has anyone ever taken this on an airplane? Are they willing to gate check this stroller for free, or is it too big?
Is the 45 lb max for each kid or for both?
can the joovy too seat be used with this model instead of the ultralight?
Can you travel through the air port easily?
Is it uncomfortable to have the older child sit on the bench when the infant is in a car seat. I have a snug ride 35.
is it hard for children to sit on?
Can a 5 year old fit this?
What kind of fasteners are used to put this item together, and is glue used? How well does it hold together compared to a fully assembled horse?
Is the mane removable?
Is the mane of the horse removable?
What is weight limit and is it okay for a 3 1/2 year old?
is the mane removeable and washable? does it come pre-installed? If not, I am thinking of using velcro-sticky side on horse, soft side on mane to make
To what age and weight can a toddler ride the horse
would you say this is suitable for a 1 yr old? He's at 90%+ for everything.
The mane and the poll on the cheery horse are really cream color? or both in dark cheery color?
is it hard for children to sit on?
Can a 5 year old fit this?
What kind of fasteners are used to put this item together, and is glue used? How well does it hold together compared to a fully assembled horse?
Is the mane removable?
Is the mane of the horse removable?
What is weight limit and is it okay for a 3 1/2 year old?
is the mane removeable and washable? does it come pre-installed? If not, I am thinking of using velcro-sticky side on horse, soft side on mane to make
To what age and weight can a toddler ride the horse
would you say this is suitable for a 1 yr old? He's at 90%+ for everything.
The mane and the poll on the cheery horse are really cream color? or both in dark cheery color?
is it hard for children to sit on?
Can a 5 year old fit this?
What kind of fasteners are used to put this item together, and is glue used? How well does it hold together compared to a fully assembled horse?
Is the mane removable?
Is the mane of the horse removable?
What is weight limit and is it okay for a 3 1/2 year old?
is the mane removeable and washable? does it come pre-installed? If not, I am thinking of using velcro-sticky side on horse, soft side on mane to make
To what age and weight can a toddler ride the horse
would you say this is suitable for a 1 yr old? He's at 90%+ for everything.
The mane and the poll on the cheery horse are really cream color? or both in dark cheery color?
Most of the customer reviews for this product mention the kit only contains the rails and NO slats. Can you please confirm if the kit includes 3 metal
Can you use slats instead of a box spring with this kit? I'd like to keep the bed lower to the ground.
Do these rails fit the DaVinci Elizabeth II Convertible Toddler bed?
The instruction manual has "full size conversion", but not "twin size conversion". Does it really fit a twin size mattress??
Will this rail kit work for an older Simplicity Ellis 4-in-1 Conversion Crib?
Does this work with SORELLE PRINCETON crib?
Do these rails convert a Lauren Classic Crib to a toddler or full bed?
Been looking for Babi Italia conversion kit and am being directed to Da Vinci. Are they one in the same?
Been looking for Babi Italia conversion kit and am being directed to Da Vinci. Are they one in the same?
Will this fit the DaVinci Autumn crib? It is not listed, but I can't find a conversion kit that specifies it works with Autumn. Am so confused!
Most of the customer reviews for this product mention the kit only contains the rails and NO slats. Can you please confirm if the kit includes 3 metal
Can you use slats instead of a box spring with this kit? I'd like to keep the bed lower to the ground.
Do these rails fit the DaVinci Elizabeth II Convertible Toddler bed?
The instruction manual has "full size conversion", but not "twin size conversion". Does it really fit a twin size mattress??
Will this rail kit work for an older Simplicity Ellis 4-in-1 Conversion Crib?
Does this work with SORELLE PRINCETON crib?
Do these rails convert a Lauren Classic Crib to a toddler or full bed?
Been looking for Babi Italia conversion kit and am being directed to Da Vinci. Are they one in the same?
Been looking for Babi Italia conversion kit and am being directed to Da Vinci. Are they one in the same?
Will this fit the DaVinci Autumn crib? It is not listed, but I can't find a conversion kit that specifies it works with Autumn. Am so confused!
is it hard for children to sit on?
Can a 5 year old fit this?
What kind of fasteners are used to put this item together, and is glue used? How well does it hold together compared to a fully assembled horse?
Is the mane removable?
Is the mane of the horse removable?
What is weight limit and is it okay for a 3 1/2 year old?
is the mane removeable and washable? does it come pre-installed? If not, I am thinking of using velcro-sticky side on horse, soft side on mane to make
To what age and weight can a toddler ride the horse
would you say this is suitable for a 1 yr old? He's at 90%+ for everything.
The mane and the poll on the cheery horse are really cream color? or both in dark cheery color?
is it hard for children to sit on?
Can a 5 year old fit this?
What kind of fasteners are used to put this item together, and is glue used? How well does it hold together compared to a fully assembled horse?
Is the mane removable?
Is the mane of the horse removable?
What is weight limit and is it okay for a 3 1/2 year old?
is the mane removeable and washable? does it come pre-installed? If not, I am thinking of using velcro-sticky side on horse, soft side on mane to make
To what age and weight can a toddler ride the horse
would you say this is suitable for a 1 yr old? He's at 90%+ for everything.
The mane and the poll on the cheery horse are really cream color? or both in dark cheery color?
May I know if this is waterproof like other mattresses made by Moonlight (for cribs)?
What are the measurements?
Don't see measurements for this mattress? I'm needing to replace a pad that is 15" x 33-1/2"
how tall is this gate
do you lift the gate to open it? Could a 5-year old open it?
My gate no longer auto closes without a nudge. Anyway to adjust the tention so it can auto close again?
How wide is the space between the slats? I have a very small dog
Can the door be left open sometimes without it automatically closing?
Can the door be left open sometimes without it automatically closing?
Can the door be left open sometimes without it automatically closing?
how wide is the open door
I'm trying to put a gate across a 47" gap. I can't seem to find a combination of extensions that would work for that. Am I out of luck?
Does the gate open only one way or both ways?
what county these toys are manufactured?
can you please give me the exact dimensions of the octopus?
Do they have holes in the bottom?
Do these float?
I will buy the "Tolo Toys Funtime Fishing". So, I need more toys. Is the magnet binding?
what county these toys are manufactured?
what material are these made of?
where is this product manufactured
What kind are each of the squirts? Example; turtle....
What foods work well in these feeding bags?
how many feeders in the 1pack set? or how many you get for $7.99?
Any suggestions on how to clean them? They work great, but it takes forever to clean.
Where is this item made?
We know we are having a little boy - I know it says you get what color you get, but my daughter will not use a pink one. Can you help?
What ages is this for?
what material are the mesh bags made of? Is it silicone?
green beans
any seller sell only the bag? as wants to replace bag when the bags get damage?
Can I hang this aby its strap from the stroller's handlebar. Would this be a good idea?
Has anyone gate-checked the stroller with this case? Did airlines allow it?
Can I hang this by its strap from the stroller's handlebar while I roll the stroller thru an airport? Not sure if its size would make it too cumbersome...
What is weight of item? Techical details - 2.4 pounds, but in shipping weight - 11.2 pounds.. Package weight is 8.8 pounds?
How does one transport this. Is it backpack style or does it have a single to go over one shoulder?
Is there enough room in it for a carseat adapter to fit in with the stroller?
Will other strollers fit in this bag? I have a 4Moms Origami stroller and I need a durable bag for my stroller.
Anyone recommend extra padding....perhaps bubble wrap to the frame (prevent scuffs) &amp; wheels? Also, did anyone deflate the tires??
does the city select double stroller fit in this bag?
where do you put the wheels once you remove them?
is it washable?
Just curious, but would this work on a puppy? Trying to crate train and thought this would be a good item to calm him down during the night when he excessively whines. Thanks!
This is obviously marketed for babies and toddlers.... So, why does it have a WARNING: Choking hazard??
Do you think this would provide "white noise" for an adult to sleep with (to block ringing in the ears)?
Is it Made in the USA?
How do I clean the sleep sheep?
I've seen these in catalogs with 8 sounds rather than 4. Is the 8 sound lamb available here? It also has two different time settings.
How do I choose a 45 minute cycle instead of the 23 minute one?
Which is better - sleep sheep original or on the go sleep sheep?
how do you change the battery
do these valves work with any playtex sippy cup? I have the playtex the first sipster and these valves look different than what is in it.
does the "2 pack" come with 2 valves or 4 valves?
Does these vavles replace the Playtex Coolster Twist &amp; Lock Insulated Cup?
what temperature does it say "HOT" at? What temperature does "HOT" go away?
Does the duck have a hole in the bottom?
what temperature does it say "HOT" at?
Will it work If the water is too cold?
why the duck says hot when was put in cold water?
does it ship alone? last time i ordered it but not ship with my baby power formula together, and i cancelled it.
The product dimensions are listed as 6 x 4 x 3 inches. Is that the duck or the box it comes in? How big is this duck?
does it squeak?
Is this toy PBA, phthalates and PVC free?
Is this duck BPA free?
Small or large?
Has anyone had this flip while a toddler is on it? We have the Pewi Ybike and it has flipped a lot. Just curious how stable this is. Thanks!
damage to hardwood floors
Can you tell me if this will work at all on carpet or area rugs?
There seems to be conflicting opinion s on what size for what age, my Grandaughter is one just starting to walk, do I buy the small or large one? I
thinking of getting the small. figure even a big kid would have fun on that or is it best to get a large and wait for my 1 year old to grow into it?
Is it available international shipping to republic of Korea?
Love the Radio Flyer Bumper car. Looking to pass it to the 1yr old and get a new indoor rider for the three year old. Would the large version work?
is the large size appropriate for a 2 1/2 year old that's tall for his age?...what is the seat height from the floor? Thanks
How does it roll on wide plank flooring that isn't perfectly smooth?
Where is this item manufactured?
Where is this item manufactured?
how does it work on carpet
Would this fit a full bed?
Roughly, how many inches of overhang is on the sides of the blanket? Enough to easily tuck underneath the mattress?
Does anyone know the dimensions of the blanket? I am looking to see if there Is there enough "slack" in the blanket once the bottom is tucked in.
Does it say if you can bleach them?
What size is the pillow case? Standard pillow or will I need a toddler sized pillow?
What size pillow fits the pillow sham?
What if the size of fitted sheet?
Has anyone found where to buy extra sheet sets for this particular bedding set?
What is the size of the pillowcase?
Is the color about the same as it is in the picture?
what is this product ? and is a baby image naked
I need two misco flare sel-watering planters for indoors. I need 7'' or less at the top. How tall are they?
About how long will the water last if you are away from home?
What is the height of the planter (without the base)?
Special gifts for girls: Are there any special gifts for girls ???
I have a king size would it fit?
Does this product come with a travel/carry case?
Can I use two of these for a queen bed
will it work on a bed that has a mattress without a box spring?
We have a mattress on the floor for now &amp; wanted to wait on a box spring for our toddler. Will it work, just without hide away feature, for now?
Do you HAVE to have box springs to use this product? We have a set of bunk beds that I wanted to use these with.
My sons have a bunk bed and their mattress is 5" foam, can this be installed at the bottom bunk bed?
will it work on a king size bed?
Can a senior lower this in order to be able to get up unassisted. We had one with levers that he couldn't operate.
WIll this work for a king size bed?
What are the dimentions of the cot in its bag?
Does it have the strip in the middle for support? Is it uncomfortable?
Anyone know the dimensions of the cot when it is folded down? How about weight? Trying to avoid checking a Graco-wondering if weight/size is travel ok
is it safe for 4mo old babies?
Does the cot come with the carry case shown in the picture?
What is the difference with the "deluxe" cot from the same brand?
How much weight can the cots maximize?
Is it pretty easy to set up and collapse? My son comes to work with me and has outgrown his playpen for nap time. Easy put-away is important :)
Does this cot tip easily? My grandson is two and large for his age so am concerned he will tip it getting on and off.
is there a way to secure the cot open? its seems to not want to stay open all the way
Is it 58" or 59" long? One place says 58 and the other says 59 inches.
How wide is the spacing? will a small dog fit through?
Can the gate be installed on a wall with a slight angle?
Does this need screw to attach the gate to wall?
Does this expand to 13 feet on its own or do u need to buy other attachments for it to reach that long?
Is width of this gate 58" or 59" very important as the opening in my home is 58.5".
It says you can add extension to it to make it wider, but can't find the extensions anywhere... Do you know where to get the extensions?
Can I use this on a window that slides open horizontally rather than vertically?
My window is 36" x 82", the size given in the title is 58"-90" wide but the answers says 17" .... I am confused. What is the actual size please ?
Does this have to screw directly into the window frame, or can it screw into the wall on either side of the window?
I want to make sure that this wide enough for our widow. It measures 71" across...will this fit?
What is the height for this window bar? My window is 38 inch heigh and 61 wide.
My son's room has very low windows (2nd floor) so he would be able to reach the wedges... would he be able to pull the wedge off the velcrow?
What are the dimensions of the wedge? We only have a 1/2" of flat surface on our window for the width. Thanks
Can you open the window past the velcro (if you remove the wedge) so you can open the window wider at times?
How many wedges do you use on each window? One or two?
What do you use to clean the surface before applying the velcro? Window cleaner or soap and water?
I want my windows to be totally closed and locked. Will these wedges prevent someone from sliding the windows open?
I have double hung wooden frame windows (built in 1941). Will these wedges work?
Has anyone used these successfully on an outside sliding patio door (e.g., where the sliding portion is outside and the fixed portion inside)? Thanks
Does the velcro adhesive adhere well to vinyl windows? Thanks
How many wedges does it take to secure one window?
it says it fits a window up to 53" but protects only 21" - what does that mean? i have a casement windows - 2 windows that open out - 51"
Are these installed in the window jamb? Can they be easily removed to close the window?
How deep are the side bars which will be attached on either side of the window frame. I am trying to see if my blinds will go over them.
Are these the 5 bar ones?
Are these the ones with 5 bars? There are three different models for this size window and it doesn't say if this is the 5 bar model.
On the picture, it looks as if a toddler could climb right through the gaps between bars... How close are they spaced?
How tall is the play yard from the mat to the top of the sides?
Would this be safe in a crib?
Can you use Woolite to wash this skin?
What is the actual size of this. one descrip says 16x16x8 and the other says 32x35?
Do we need to wash this before first use?
Is this the correct size to use for strollers?
Would this be safe in a crib?
How "cushiony" is this and how durable is it? I'm more interested in strapping it to my motorcycle seat for my butt rather than a baby.
The photo associated with this product description looks nothing like the thumbnail with the product. Which more a accurate depiction?
Is this sheepskin hide shaped or rectangle?
What size is this? The desription states: 35 to 41 inches Minimum Width 19 inches but under ''product info' it also states: 16 x 16 x 8 inches
Can this gate be used safely at top of stairs? (Wall mounted)
I would like a gate that does not automatically swing shut. Is there a way to tighten the hinges on the door to make it stay open when you open it??
Is this gate capable of being installed where the top of the opening is about 2" wider than the bottom? I have a 1" thick baseboard on both sides.
What is the noise like? I will be using in a high traffic area and i don't want to hear a clanking every time the door closes.
I have a 32 1/4" opening do I still need the extension
Hi I would like to enquire on the dimension of the packaging as i am calculating freight charges as I am using 3rd party forwarder to export to spore.
What is the space between the bars at the largest point (in inches)? I am trying to find a gate that will work both for baby and for my chihuahua.
We are about to put our gate back up for baby number two. Anyone know where to get extra rubberized pads for the end of the tension bolts?
possible that a toddler could open this gate from the bottom? bought $80 kidco gate that my daughter figured out how to open from the bottom at 13 mo
What extension would I need for this to fit a 72 in opening?
How long is it and what size baby does this fit? I don't want to purchase this only to have my baby outgrow it too fast...
Can this be sent through the dishwasher or washing machine to clean? Or is it too fragile for that?
Are there any products or chemicals like flame resistant stuff in it? And what's it made out of?
Where is this manufactured and what are the materials?
Will this fit in the kitchen sink?
At what age did your baby outgrow this?
Will this work on the incline part of an infant tub? I think it's easier to wash hair at an incline and would like to use this instead of sling in tub
Is there a loop or any way to hang the sponge in the shower to dry after use?
What are the dimensions?
Does it work for a newborn in eurobath?
Perego mini pliko?
Does it fit on a Bugaboo Cameleon?
Will this work on a folding camp chair?
Would this cup holder fit on a wheelchair?
is this fairly "shock resistant" for bumpy sidewalks? thanks!
Would this fit a Uppa baby G-lite stroller?
Would this fit on an arm rest for a booster car seat?
How do you remove it?
Will this fit on a carseat? (Specifically the Diono)?
Will this fit on an Uppababy Vista?
Has anyone travelled internationlly with this stroller?did it fit in the overhead compartment? Would this work for a 12 month old?weight capacity?
does stroller come with rain cover? thanks
Will my tall toddlers feet drag on the ground?
I have a 43 inch, 38 pound toddler. Is this too small? We love our city mini, but it's heavy for travel. If not the chicco, any travel stroller ideas?
newborn
what is the weight capacity of this stroller?
Is this stroller comfortable to use for tall people? Like 6ft tall?
The item description says it weighs 12 lbs but a video I saw says it weighs 17 lbs. Which is correct?
does it have a cup holder
that car is fully baby lying in one of its positions????
Can you turn the alarm function off? I'd actually just like to know the temperature of the bath.
Does it have a Celsius function?
Can mold grow inside this item?
can it be switched to Celsius?
celsius
I lost the user manual and my battery is dying. Anybody knows how to change the batteries? Thank you!
I have had this for about a year now &amp; love it. But the past month or two after draining the tub and letting the turtle drain it just keeps beeping &amp; beeping. I first thought maybe it just needs to dry out. SO I keep it wrapped in a towel after my...
The temperature is measured by nothing but Fahrenheit or Celsius in. thank you
can this monitor shower temps as well?
How do I change between Celcius and Farenheits ?
2 questions: Does this come with 2 rails or do you need buy buy 2 of these? Also does it really need a box spring bed? I have a queen size bed support frame (flat wood planks 3-5 inches apart going across left to right that suports the matress only)...
Can this fit on a crib?
Can these go on a king size bed?
Will this work for a queen size bed? Thank you!
Is it a set of 2
If folded down to floor will queen bed be comfortable for 2 adults? Or should rail be removed for adult guests?
do both sides tuck away? or must one side remain upright?
Do these lift up the mattress enough to make the middle sag, as one reviewer said? I'm about to drop some serious $ on an organic mattress...
Can these be used on a bed with slat mattress support?
Will they work for the top bed on a bunkbed?
Will the wire hole on the bottom fit a cord for a power strip (3-wire =fat) ?
Does this work good for a thicker, computer cord as opposed to a thinner (a lamp for example) cord?
Does this work on a phone plug?
Could this work on a light switch?
Can two of these be put side by side to cover an outlet with four plugs?
will this cover a land line telephone outlet?
Will this cover fit over a cable outlet?
Does it work with decora style outlets (the square ones not the oval)?
Do air conditioner (larger side plug) plugs fit within this cover?
Can sideways plugs (like the one you'd use for a monitor) fix under this cover?
Is it level with the bed? So my question is how level with the bed is this co-speeper?
why is it better than a pack n play? But what is the advantage, if any, of getting this over, say, a pack n play with bassinet, which I could keep next to my bed?
Why does this have a photo of a kettle?
I bought this used, without instructions. Is it supposed to have hanging bars for the bassinet?
weight limit
How to assembly arms reach mini co sleeper bassinet
How low down can the co-sleeper be adjusted? Our bedframe is only about 8.5 inches and the top of the mattress about 18.5".
does it convert into play pen?
Has anyone found a different mattress that fits this mini cosleeper? I don't like the lumps and creases from the mattress being folded around it.
does anyone have a spare co-sleeper strap I could buy? I bought a mini one used on craigslist and it is missing the strap to attach to the bed. =(
If this is for a 9V pump, why does it say 12V on the battery pack itself (imprinted in the plastic)? (It even shows the same on the Medela site.)
How many times can you pump on one set of batteries?
The instructions say that rechargeable batteries are suggested. Can I use regular AA batteries, or do they have to be the rechargeable kind?
Can the battery pack case attach to your belt/pants for easy hands-free pumping? (Is there a clip of some sort in the back?)
Can the battery pack also recharge rechargeable batteries, or do you need a separate charger for that?
Does the adapter support 220V input power?
Has anyone used both the battery pack and a manual pump? Which do you prefer?
Will this work with any Medela 9 volt breast pump? I have this pump: http://www.amazon.com/Medela-Advanced...
I bought one but it does'n work.... i don't know why?
Does it come with the padded case?
Ours is not perfectly level. It is lower on one side though we followed directions, appears perfectly assembled. Anyone else have this problem?
How do you switch the controls to motion activated?
where is the batary compartment?
Is this thing safe? Does anyone else agree with this?
How is this version different from the "deluxe" version?
Up to what size (pounds) and/or age is this pillow useful for feeding baby?
could you please tell me this pillow's package size of this pillow, I mean the package box dimension
Someone mentioned there are different sizes of this pillow, but I don't see any sizing options available...?
Are you able to use this product for feeding for both breast? It appears from the pictured design you can only nurse the left side.
Some people complained about the smell of the pillow? Has this been corrected?
Can the foam part of the pillow be washed?
is the cover on this removeable or does entire pillow go into machine? Also how is this different from the Original version?
How helpful is this pillow for bottle feeding baby?
Could this pillow still be used as a support for baby to sit, do tummy time... etc like regular U-shape pillow does? Thank you~
Does is shoot the balls up or is it just ball placement?
I got this for my grandson- it came today. Opened &amp; replaced batteries. There's no sounds - is mine broken or is there some trick to get the sounds?
Will the "bunch of balls" for the "having a ball" toys fit this one?
can you buy extra balls
What is the difference between the "My Brest Friend Original Pillow", "My Brest Friend Pillow", and "My Brest Friend Deluxe Pillow"?
Does this work for fat women? I am a size 16/18 and the Boppy ain't happening for wide women.
I breastfeed using the "football" position, can I use MBF in this position?
Does this come with a removable, washable cover, or does that need to be ordered separately?
Is the cover 100% cotton or not?
Is the cover removable and washable?
What is the difference between "2X My Brest Friend Original Pillow" and "My Breast Friend Delux Pillow"?
Is this made with polyurethane foam and PBDE still?
What kind of batteries are needed for this pillow &amp; are they readily available?
breast friend vs Dr Brown
Is this toy washable? How do you wash it?
is it durable
Is this stuff made in China? Does anyone certify it as being led-free, child-safe, etc.?
In what country are these toys made?
where is it made?
Amazon shows a yellow warning box "not for children under 3 years", huh?? All the review, pics etc. seem to be for infants!
How do you clean it?
my inchworm does not play the happy and you know it song. it sounds like one of j. lo's songs. is my inch worm a fake??
Ord'd 12/08/13, says "ships in 2-3 days" so why does it now say won't arrive until Jan. 3? Shipping too long!
how to choose the colors?
Where is it made?
is this product lead free
Delivery time usually a few days?
What age?
Are the take out toys washable?
Are there toy replacements for this item?
Where is the product made in?
does the little creature at the top come off?
is this like a bath toy?
Are the materials in the construction BPA free and organic fabric?
is the tray removable?
Does the AC adapter (plug) come with the swing?
Does this plug-in at all or does it run just on batteries?
One review mentions a mirror but I don't see one in any of the pictures. Is there a mirror for baby to check out their reflection? (rainforest model)
Does this need a push to start or is it powerful enough to self-start swinging? Any known motor issues?
Does the seat adjust?
Does it have a 5 point restraint system or a 3 point?
I also need the seat cover because my puppy chewed ours up! Where can this be purchased?
The seat cover was torn - where can I buy a new seat cover? Any ideas where I can buy only the seat cover to replace it?
Music stopped working: Anyone know what could be going on here or how to fix it?
Can it clip on to baby's gym mat? .. He needs different toys to clip to his gym ?? This looks fun.. if you have something else musical or that lights up I can clip on to his baby Gym or car seat I would love to be directed ..thank you Julie!!
Is this BPA and phthalate free?
Is my 6 month old too old for this one?
It says here - warning not for children under 3...but the product is designed for newborns. Is anyone having problems with the small parts?
Is it genuine?
Does this vibrate?
Can Freddie be machine washed on delicate cycle, then air-dried?
If i was to buy one Lamaze toy for my 4 month old which would you recommend and why
Are the hard materials BPA free?
Is it machine washable?
I see that in 2007 customers were complaining about a "clicking" sound after a couple of weeks of use. Has this problem been resolved in 2014?
I need to send this as a gift overseas, was wondering if you could give me the measurement of it? thanks!
hoe does the top bar work without batteries?
Is it suitable for newborn
Is the fabric part (back) machine washable?
On vibrate with play piece attached it makes a loud shaking noise almost drawing out the music. bad unit or all like this?
Is it portable/ fold down for travel?
Is it washable?
age
what difference this seat the deluxe model?
Are the items in this kit BPA free? The box shown on Medela's website shows BPA free, however, this picture on Amazon.com didn't have that. Thanks!
Planning to use as a hand pump while out of the country. Has anyone used it as a hand pump effectively?
Is this pump kit compatible with all medela bottles?
Does this kit fit the hospital grade Lactina Select pump?
Is this kit compatible with the Medela "Pump in Style Advanced Backpack"?
is this kit compatible with the lactina select as well as the lactina electric plus?
The description below says "add a Classic barrier/filter...." What is that/is it sold separately/where do I get?
Does this kit include an insulated bag? The Lactina pump is in our lactation rooms at work and I will be traveling with the kit to and from work.
Does it considered an open or a close collection type?
Are the breast shields that come with this kit detachable, or are they the type that cannot be interchanged if you need a larger breast shield?
Hi, can you tell me what's the difference between this one and IRT4520USSM? http://www.amazon.com/Braun-Thermosca...
Can I confirm that this is IRT 4520? Because your item model number below states 4020. Thanks.
Is the package sealed by plastic or paper box??Is it produced in Mexico or German?
how do you change from celcius to farenheit?
Hi, does it shows temperature in Celsius?
Could I use this cover with the Baby Jogger Summit X3?
Can you still use this cover if you have the carseat attached? I am still using this stroller with a graco snugride 35.
Will this work on the city mini elite?
Could I use this cover with the Baby Jogger City MICRO stroller? thanks!
Will this fit City Mini GT stroller?
Has anyone had problems with the motor failing? Has anyone else experienced this same problem?
Which models have AC power adapter? Is that true here?
How do you get the battery compartment open. I just purchased a used swing.
25 pound weight limit accurate? Do you think the weight limit of 25 pounds is accurate?
Battery Life? I was looking at getting the fisher price cradle swing, and I was wondering how long the batteries last?
Short waist belt straps: Does anyone have a problem with the waist belt straps being too short?
Can it be used for newborn baby?
The mobile part makes a clicking noise when spinning, is there way to fix it?
Papasan Cradle Swing: Are there replacement cushions available to buy seperately?
Has anyone had problems with the motor failing? Has anyone else experienced this same problem?
Which models have AC power adapter? Is that true here?
How do you get the battery compartment open. I just purchased a used swing.
25 pound weight limit accurate? Do you think the weight limit of 25 pounds is accurate?
Battery Life? I was looking at getting the fisher price cradle swing, and I was wondering how long the batteries last?
Short waist belt straps: Does anyone have a problem with the waist belt straps being too short?
Can it be used for newborn baby?
The mobile part makes a clicking noise when spinning, is there way to fix it?
Papasan Cradle Swing: Are there replacement cushions available to buy seperately?
How old is too old for Sophie? Will he be too old to receive this for the holidays or his birthday at about a year old?
Cleaning Spohie: Does anyone know how to clean sophie?
where is this product made? does anyone know where this product is made?
Can babys chew on the Vulli Sophie the Giraffe Teether if they already have a few teeth?
I read a few posts on the internet about a recall of Sophie. Check wikipedia. Are the Sophies sold on this Amazon page made after March 2012?
Any suggestions for gift for parents' third baby? Any thoughts on something for the new addition?
Returning my fake Sophie: Anyone had luck returning their fake Sophie to Amazon if you don't have the packaging anymore?
Some Sophies have darker spots and are taller. Can someone comment on this?
Are Sophie's legs hollow or solid rubber?
Sophie and gagging: Do Sophie's long legs ever make your baby gag if it gets stuck too far in their mouth?
Is the 42 inch measure the length of the crib?
Can anybody tell me what are the various height options for the mattress support?
Are the dimensions given for the outside of the crib or the inside? I would like to know the exact "footprint" of the crib
How tall are the legs? I am thinking about putting a drawer (trundle style) underneath.
does this convert to toddler bed or only twin?
Does this crib come with wheels like other mini cribs?
what are the exact outer dimensions? I want to be able to move it through the bedroom door!
How far is the distance between each crib slat?
How was assembly?
what I do to convert the crib to a twin bed? If it needs rails, where do I get them?
What's the real difference between this silverado "plus" stoller and the skylar "double" stroller? Is the fact that a second infant seat can be added to the "double" model the only real difference between the "double" and "plus" models?
Compatible?? Has anyone used this stroller with a Chicco infant seat??
Double Stroller: Does anyone know if a Graco Safe Seat baby carrier will fit into the Baby Trend Silverado Sit N' Stand Plus Double Stroller?
Does a standard mattress of length 52 or 53 inches fit in this crib snugly or leave a gap ? This crib seems to be longer (57") than usual (52").
Does the crib purchase include the conversion parts for later? Also, which mattress is preferable?
Is the crib formeldehyde free?
what is the best length for a bed skirt?
Do the contents in the drawer get dusty? Trying to figure out if the drawer is covered or exposed.
Does the Drawer under the crib come included with the listed purchase price of this DaVinci Piedmont 4-in-1 Convertible Crib?
Will this crib match the Jayden dresser in espresso?
Does crib convert to a twin size bed or just full size?
How deep is the assembled crib from front to back? (The shortest length)
How well does this crib match with the daVinci parker dresser?
Contours Tandem VS City Min? Are we looking for the impossible?
Compatible Infant Car Seats? Does anyone know for sure?
Is this stroller okay for light jogging?
Contours Tandem Stroller- easy to travel with? Will I really have to take the second seat out to close the stroller?
I know this product was discontinued but I'm thinking buying one used. How tall and wide the back rest of each seat is?
Will it work with my Baby Trend infant carrier?
does anyone know who makes a rain cover that would fit the Kolcraft options tandem stroller? Any suggestions?
seating in a doublestroller: Are there other tandem stroller out there that let me do that as well?
How would I know its Kolcraft Options Plus the new model ? Did I get a old one?
Doesn't anyone elses kid drink or snack on the ride? Why is everyone so positive and happy about the fact that this stroller has two cup holders for the driver (and an iPod deck in the Plus model), and no one, in their complaints, mentions the fact...
Does this work with the comfort pump?
How many diaphragms come in the package?
hi there, does this come with the white start valve that goes in the middle of of diaphragm?and the plastic stem that the handle latches to?
Do these work with the avent free manual pump? I think it is called free or original, not in regards to the comfort or ISIS.
What are the dimensions of the changing pad holder? I'm trying to pad and need to know what size will fit
Are the drawers held by metal rails or do they sit on wood? Do they slide in and out smoothly?
Is this made of solid wood or particle board/compressed wood?
What is the maximum weight capacity?
Are the espresso changing table and crib brown or brownish black? In the photo, the crib looks brownish black and the changing table looks brown.
The espresso color of the changing table looks lighter than the espresso DaVinci Crib. Are they the same color?
Is the front 'guard rail' removable?
does this come with a changing pad and if so, does it have a washable cover or should i buy that separately?
Which is better - sleep sheep original or on the go sleep sheep?
Does this one have the white noise like the giraffe? I need the white noise.
Is this the smaller size sheep sleep? The one for travel?
Did anyone have a problem putting the sound machine into the travel size sheep?
Does this can ship to China?
Does this also have the smart sensor? Meaning does it turn on when the baby cries like the Sleep Sheep with smart sensor?
How many hours can it play sounds without stopping? Is it good for a plane trip?
can it be turned on so it's on all night long?
Does it come in the original box?
Does the travel sized sleep sheep have the mother's heartbeat sound?
Is the item assembled before shipping
Are all the cushions removable? Including the arms?
Has the shipping container gotten any sturdier?
Is the glider same as babiesrus store ? especially the fabric quality.
Are the rockers shipped in STURDY boxes? Sounds like this has been a problem.
I just bought a Shermag glider used, and can't for the life of me figure out what the second lever does. Anyone know?
Would this chair be appropriate for use after spinal fusion. Will not be able to use my recliners as I need to sit upright for few months. Thank you
How firm or soft are the bottom and back cushions? Are they pretty firm, or do you sort of sink in? Also, I'm guessing the micro fiber is soft but I wanted to confirm that as well. Is it?
Can anyone describe the "oatmeal" color? It looks very yellow on Amazon, but a more neutral beige on other websites. Is the espresso wood black?
What is the height of the ottoman?
Which toddler car seats have been used in an airplane successfully? We have the Alpha Omega and measured it...and it is wider than the suggested 16".
Travelling Toddler Straps: Would like to purchase straps, but not sure if they would attach to a car seat purchased in Australia.
To make the best use of the straps onto the luggage, is there a weight limit (car seat + child's weight)? What can you tell from your experience?
Has anyone used it with Recaro car seats? Does it work with Recaro?
I have a britax marathon and the seat seems to be dragging on the ground. I've tightened all the straps, and suitcase is 22" but dragging. Help?
I have a 20" carry-on suitcase and a Britax Marathon car seat. Would anybody know if the car seat will be too long and will drag on the bottom?
how do u connect the carseat to both end of the o-ring?
was anyone able to use this with the safety first onside air carset?
Has anyone compared this to the Gogo Babyz car seat luggage strap? Funds are tight and just want cheapest best way to lug a Cosco Scenera on trip
does it work with a safety first alpha omega elite car seat?
Will this parent organizer work with the Joovy Caboose VaryLight stroller?
Would this work on the Joovy Groove Ultralight stroller?
Does this only have one cup holder? I see the sample on the Joovy website now has two.
Is this the "Parent Organizer" that comes with the Joovy Caboose Ultralight Stroller?
Would this work on the Joovy Too Qool?
Will this work with Joovy jogging stroller?
Would this also fit the baby jogger or britax strollers?
does this fit the 2010 Joovy Ergo caboose
Does a Starbucks cup fit in the cupholder?
does this fit over the ultralight too? what about when the infant seat is on the ultralight?
does the rain cover fit even when a car seat is installed up front and the rear seat is installed?
Does the cover protect the child siting on the back seat from rain? I see it definitely covers the toddler in the front..but what about in the back?
What's the difference between this cover (rain and wind) and just the rain cover?
how does it compare with the other Joovy rain cover? I fail to see why this one which at first seems better, is less expensive....
We are gong to florida so it will be HOT and rainy, will this be too hot for my daughter to be in when its raining?
Does this mobile have volume control? Or is it just one volume setting and there is no way to turn it up or down?
Can you use the mobile without the music or does it play the whole time?
How long does a set of batteries last?
will this mobile attach well to a pack and play?
What is the range of the remote? Could I start the mobile again lying in my bed in the next room?
Can it be attached to a pack-n-play
Can you hear the sound of the umbrella turning? I bought another brand before and the sound of umbrella turning is louder than the music.
Would this likely attach to a changing table with slats? No formal crib, but looking for a mobile to hang above the changing table...
Can you stop the leaves from moving
Is the music on this mobile the same as the Rainforest swing?
Why is there only one lid? I thought it came with three lids, one for each bowl?
how many covers? only one &#xFF1F;
are they microwave safe?
It says "3 count" but then there is an option for 1 pack or 2 pack. Confusing. So how many bowls are in the 1 pack?
How much food does the bowls hold?
Is this product microwave safe?
can theyboil with warter?what isthe high temperature?
Are they BPA-free?
clean
Is this made in China?
My son is nearly 10 month old and about 76 cm tall. I saw most of reviews started at 5 month, wonder still worthy of purchasing?
my preemie is 5 months now and 21" (or about 53cm) she loves to bear weight on her little legs and I know she would love it- but her feet need to touch the floor! Any idea minimum height for use?
What are the dimensions of the base of this product when it is set up?
What is the earliest age that this can be used?
How how does this raise up? My 7-month old daughter is getting too tall forr her current jumper.
How easy is it to take down and put up the stand? I don't have a ton of space to keep it up all the time.
How loud is the spring when in use?
can you set it on a door?
Can I buy the frame only without the seat?
How sturdy is this stand? We have 3 dogs and I am worried they are going to knock it over.
bob
Does anyone know if this will fit on a Contours Options Tandem (double) stroller?
Works in a quinny buzz ?
how is this cup holder while running? does it swing about?
We have the Joovy Big Caboose. Will this fit?
Does this fit on the Joovy Caboose it and stand stroller
WILL THIS FIT A BUGABOO STROLLER?
Does this fit the uppababy vista stroller?
Has anyone tried this with the First Years Ignite stroller?
Does this fit a Phil and Ted's Navigator?
Does it come with a travel case?
Is the thermometer rectal?
the thermometer read in C or in F?
Is the thermometer battery replaceable/changeable if it stops working?
What kind of thermometer is included (rectal, ear, head, underarm)?
So is it used underarm or oral?
What is the weight limit on this? I want something that I can use for a while.
How to clean and wash straps?
How is the bottom? Will it slide off a chair or has a slip proof bottom?
how big is the tray...need it hold a plate
What age can I use?
Is there a strap you can use for carrying it over your shoulder?
What is the size folded? I need one to carry in a suitcase
does this item come with the padded seat cover seen in this product advertisement?
We are planning to get it for our 14 month old . We are not sure if this is designed for only babies below 1 year or can be used by 1 to 2 years?
How tall is it when folded? Do you think it would easily fit in a suitcase for checking on an airplane?
Graco SnugRide carseats: Does this adaptor work with all Graco SnugRide carseats or just the 22lb?
does it work with scoot?
Does this adapter fit a xplory that was made in 2007?
Can it be used for Lansinoh 6 oz bags?
Does this organizer work with kiinde twist pouches?
How many bags will this hold, approximately?
Can it be used in fridge instead of freezer? And do the HoneySuckle bags fit in it?
Will this work to store Medela and Lansinoh bags that are already frozen? I laid them flat to freeze them.
could this also be used to store baby food pouches? my baby prefers them cold and they are always scattered in our refrigerator.
It says this freezes the milk flat but in the picture the bags are standing up? Freeze flat 1st then store here? Or what?
Will it work with the Kiindle TWIST bags?
Does this work with Ameda Bags?
Can I use with medela storage bags
How many packages of two pillows do you get? The picture shows two but still not sure. Thanks!!
Can this be used for the regular wipe warmer?
How many in a pack of these? How many pillows are contained in this specific pack on Amazon.com?
Why are the necessary?
Is this the correct product for use with reusable wipes in the Warmies warmer, as well? If not, where can I find the correct product?
How long does 1 pillow last? thanks Linda MA
Why does a pillow need to be replaced? Do they expire somehow?
What are the pillows made out of and what is inside the pillows? Is it natural, organic?
Since it has been 2 years since the question was asked how many pillows are included?
Would this hold 8 ounce bottles in the lower rack?
BPA free&#xFF1F;
What are the dimensions of this product when assembled?
does this work for Tommee Tippee bottles, since they're fatter?
does it need batteries
will this hold philips avent glass bottles and breast pump?
Does this hold 4oz and 8oz of glass feeding bottles?is this strong enough to hold them sturdy?because i'am planning to buy glass bottles .
can I put the drying rack and the bottles together into the wash to wash in the dish washer?
Will this work with dr. brown's bottles?
Does it come with the bottles?
how many avent bottles can fit? thank you!
Does this holder sweat and get wet on the outside as the day progresses?
Pic with box shows nothing on sides, yet other pics show phone pocket/id slot on sides? Yours?
What is the actual size of this cooler? How tall, how wide and how deep for main section? Anyone know how deep the zipper pocket goes? Thanks so much!
I would like to use this for keeping soft drink bottles cold. Will two 16.5oz (.5L) bottles (like Coke products) fit?
would this product help keep bottles warm?
what is the temperature hold inside the tote during the 12 hours of cooling?
What are the dimensions of the compartment that holds the bottles? I use standard size Playtex Vent-Aire bottles that are 8" tall. How many will fit?
Can I use this in a plane for my 3 year old toddler?
Is it FAA approved for air travel?
I drove a friend's child who was wearing this vest. She could lean down and put her chin on her knees while wearing it. Is there a way to avoid this?
My son is autistic and gets out of his seatbelt all the time. He slides underneath the lap belt. Will this vest solve that problem?
is this the safe rider 3 or 2?
Does it work with Britax Boulevard car seat?
Has anyone had success using this with the Diono Radian RXT car seat?
Does this work with sunshine car seats?
Does anyone have success using the product according to safety directions and wrapping around the child's waist NOT around the car seat?
hi, I would like to know if the product works well on airplanes and also does it fold flat?
Would this work for a 2 year old on a plane without a car seat?
Would this work for kids in wheelchairs
Will this work on a infant car seat? I have a snug fit 40 and a 7 month old who likes to play with toys in the car that fall out of reach. Thanks!
alzheimers lap tray? Would this work?
could this work for someone in a wheelchair in the car?
Can you remove the wheels so the table sits flat?
How many inches between the shelves? How many inches between the shelves?
What is the maximum weight limit for this?
What are the dimensions of the shelf areas? I need to know so I can order some storage baskets.
Do u have to get a changing pad with this, is the pad not good enough? Also how do u get covers for the mat it come with?
Is this really almost 5 ft wide? One of the product dimensions says 57", and that seems unbelievably HUGE to me!
What is the weight limit?
Is this espresso table BLACK? or dark brown? I'm looking for a black changer.
What are the actual dimensions of the table? Description seems wrong on amazon.
Does the changing table come with the rollers, as shown in the picture?
is it shipped compacted or loose? with some pillows the air is vacuumed so that it has a smaller volume. was this the case?
comfort
I am 23 weeks. We are going on vacation soon. I am concerned about the number of pillows at the condo. Is it small enough to bring as a plane pillow?
I am 5'9". Will this be long enough for me?
Does this pillow help prevent your arm falling asleep while side sleeping?
I'm 5'2' and concerned that the regular sized snoogle will be too big for me. Will this mini sized snoogle be a better fit for my height?
Has anyone found a place to purchase extra covers for this?
Is the cover able to be removed so that I can wash it?
is it cotton or what?
How is it to support your back if used around the tummy, in between the legs and the rest of it, to support the back? I need a firm support for my back. Does it move when used this way?
Is the color a true black
Is it possible to stack anything on the very top of this bookcase? ( can it be used for a shelf as well)
Does the 36.5 measurement include the out to out on the top moulding? I have a 36" opening. I might be able to shave part o the top moulding to fit.
Does this shelf come with wall anchors??
Does it have any off gassing odor?
What is the total weight for each shelve without the shelves sagging?
What kind of back paneling does this have?
wood
How deep are the actual shelves?
What are the dimensions: width, height, depth?
I'm looking for a bookshelf that will hold many science textbooks and binders. Is this bookshelf sturdy enough for the job?
Has anyone noticed if these shelves smell like typical particle board (glue), or just a chemical smell at all?
One buyer said it had only 8% wood and another said it was all wood except the shelves. What material is this bookcase made of?
what type of wood?
Does the 36.5" width include the overhang on the top? If so, could you please provide the width of the actual shelves? Thanks very much!
can you recieve assembled
Most of the customer reviews for this product mention the kit only contains the rails and NO slats. Can you please confirm if the kit includes 3 metal
Can you use slats instead of a box spring with this kit? I'd like to keep the bed lower to the ground.
Do these rails fit the DaVinci Elizabeth II Convertible Toddler bed?
The instruction manual has "full size conversion", but not "twin size conversion". Does it really fit a twin size mattress??
Will this rail kit work for an older Simplicity Ellis 4-in-1 Conversion Crib?
Does this work with SORELLE PRINCETON crib?
Do these rails convert a Lauren Classic Crib to a toddler or full bed?
Been looking for Babi Italia conversion kit and am being directed to Da Vinci. Are they one in the same?
Been looking for Babi Italia conversion kit and am being directed to Da Vinci. Are they one in the same?
Will this fit the DaVinci Autumn crib? It is not listed, but I can't find a conversion kit that specifies it works with Autumn. Am so confused!
Will this pad fit on the Ikea Gulliver changing table? I'm looking for a 4-sided changing pad to fit the table.
Anybody using it with Carters Super Soft Dot Changing Pad Cover? Is the cover not too big?
What is the interior batting/material made of....thanks
Can you put this directly on top of a cot bed, change the baby and trust it wont move around? Or buy a wood cot top changer unit and put this in?
Can you put this directly on top of a cot bed and change the baby? Or should I buy a cot top changer unit made of wood and put this in??
How does this pad mount to a piece of furniture (i.e. dresser top)?
So this pad is 4 inches high around all four edges, right?
Do Summer Infant changing pad covers fit?
Does this product contain chemical flame retardants or does it meet flame retardant standards naturally?
Where is this product made? If not in the USA do you have one that is???
"Includes snap on system for secure mounting" - is this a strap? Or how do you secure it to a dresser? Thanks!
Hi, when you used this, does it have a strong toxic/chemical smell? As I'm concerned about this after reading Summer Infant's reviews. Thanks!
What size changing pad covers work for this pad? It seems most covers are made for slightly larger pads.
Do the changing pad covers conform to the pad or do they stretch across? Where you can push the sheet down (if that makes sense)
How wide?
Would I get by without using a cover?
It says "Includes snap on system for secure mounting", but does it? I see that it only comes with two screws or did anyone get actual snaps?
Why does this changing pad have a prop 65 warning and other changing pads do not?
Does this have a non-skid bottom?
Does the aden + anais changing pad cover fit over this changing pad? It is too big/small?
Does it swing both ways.
Does it come with the screws that it needs to be mounted at top of staircase?
Can the gate be set to remain open instead of automatically closing all the time?
will it fit 33" with tension rods?
what are the dimensions from lowest to highest on gate width?
Hall is 62.5" at the bottom and 64" at top due to baseboards. Will this gate and a 10.5" and 21.5" extensions work?
My door frame is 32". I will be using the non permanent pressure screw bars for installation. Will this work? Buying an extender will make it too wide
Can the extensions be installed at an angle?
With the extensions can this gate fit a 48 inch opening?
I can't seem to find in the product description, HOW TALL IS THIS GATE?
The listing states these are for 6 month olds and is fast flow. But the Key Features says fast flow is for 18 months+. Which flow is this?
Anybody use these with the Playtex drop in nurser bottles?
Will these fit the medela collars?
Anyone use these with MAM pacifiers?
Can i use these wuth Avent bottles? Are the nipples softer than Avent?
Whether this cup can be closed for travel use?
Can the valves be used to control the flow of milk to the child? ie. if the desire is to slow the flow vs. without a valve it just comes out.
Is this a multipack? The price seems high for just one?
what are the dimensions of the cup? specifically the height and the diameter of the base?
Just wondering if you can order replacement lids for these? I can't seem to find them.
Are the spouts soft or hard?
Will this work for the Chicco Keyfit 30 carseats? Will this work for the Chicco Keyfit 30 carseats?
Has anybody used Britax B Safe carseats? The salesman tried to snap the car seat on this stroller and it rocked and wabbled tremendously--very unsafe. The salesman said maybe it was missing pieces or not put well together. Has anybody used double...
Can a Graco quick connect 40 fit?
Will this fit two Snug Ride 35s? Does the Baby Trend Snap and Go fit two Snug Ride 35s?
Will this frame work on safety1st car seats
is this for triplets? does it take 3 car seats?
What is the purpose of the two sets of "flip bars" located on the cross section of both main bars?
Can I use this stroller frame for a Graco Safeseat and a Chicco Ketfit seat? I have two different infant seats and was wondering if anyone has experience using seats from different manufacterers in this stroller frame?
Evenflo embraces: will it fit 2 evenflo embraces seats?
Will this work with Britax B Safe carriers? Does this stroller work with the Britax B Safe Carriers?
Does this work with the Britax marathon?
Does this work with the Diono Radian RXT?
will it work on Graco Nautilus 3 in 1?
Can you use this on a rear facing car seat?
What are the actual dimensions? I have seen varying measurements and need to know if I'll be able to fit it my bag for airplane travel. Thanks!
Pack n Play or Co Sleeper???
Twins- do I really have to buy 4 car seats? Help! Do we really have to buy 4 - two for each car?
Halo sleep sack = overheating. Anyone else? Did anyone else find that their baby would overheat when wearing a polyester Halo sleep sack?
does it come with sheet
what is the model number for this pack and play?
Suitable as a bassinet? Is it comfortable or safe enough?
Graco Pack 'n Play with Bassinet: Do regular bassinet sheets fit on these?
Can a toddler use the Graco Pack n Play: Does anyone have experience (good/bad) using this with an 18-month of about 27lbs?
whose brand of mattress pad fits this pack n play
what mattress pad fits this for more support?
GRACO TURBO BOOSTER SEAT: DOES ANY ONE KNOW HOW THIS WORKS IN THE MIDDLE OF THE BACK SEAT WHERE THERE IS NO SHOULDER HARNESS?
How do you keep a toddler from opening seat belt latches? Any ideas beside stapling him to the seat?
Cleaning this chair: Does the seat have a washable removable cover?
Graco Booster with high back fairy tale: is this seat acually safe if it does not strap to the vehicle?
Pack n Play or Co Sleeper???
Twins- do I really have to buy 4 car seats? Help! Do we really have to buy 4 - two for each car?
Halo sleep sack = overheating. Anyone else? Did anyone else find that their baby would overheat when wearing a polyester Halo sleep sack?
does it come with sheet
what is the model number for this pack and play?
Suitable as a bassinet? Is it comfortable or safe enough?
Graco Pack 'n Play with Bassinet: Do regular bassinet sheets fit on these?
Can a toddler use the Graco Pack n Play: Does anyone have experience (good/bad) using this with an 18-month of about 27lbs?
whose brand of mattress pad fits this pack n play
what mattress pad fits this for more support?
Graco Safeseat- do the straps adjust like the cheap Snugride? Does that also apply to the Safeseat?
Color? How do you go about choosing the fabric you would like?
can you wash the material part of the seat? With what can you wash the inside of the seat when the material gets dirty?
Grocery carts? One reviewer mentioned the Safe seat did not fit onto a shopping cart like the older models--is this true?
GRACO TURBO BOOSTER SEAT: DOES ANY ONE KNOW HOW THIS WORKS IN THE MIDDLE OF THE BACK SEAT WHERE THERE IS NO SHOULDER HARNESS?
How do you keep a toddler from opening seat belt latches? Any ideas beside stapling him to the seat?
Cleaning this chair: Does the seat have a washable removable cover?
Graco Booster with high back fairy tale: is this seat acually safe if it does not strap to the vehicle?
It Operates with AC adapter or batteries, but not included? I want to know the whole package. I am from China, is AC adapter and battery useful?
Is it including accessories such as Bra Pads,Lanolin, Clean Bags,Breastmilk Bags?
What does this pack contains? I can't see all of them in the pictures. Thanks.
I am confused. why someone says it is 110v only while other says it can be used under 220v. or is this 110v-220v?
can we use in China? we are 220V. thank you
Dose this one fit for flat or inverted nipples?
It includes Valve &amp; Membrane OR not, thanks.
Does it comes with Calma Breastmilk Feeding Nipple?
Does the AC adapter work with 220 - 240 volts?
I take it you need to buy the nipples and bottle collars seperate?
From what age can use these spoons?
Is this really made in United States? I've seen some sold in stores that is not
Where was this product manufactured?
Can you rest these spoons in a table without the feeding part touching the table?
What are the true colors of the spoons in 6-pack? Amazon pictures 2 different color collections: 1. blue-orange, etc. OR 2. green-blue, etc.?
Could they be used for new baby?
Those giving 5 star ratings - how did you handle the weight of spoon causing it to topple off the bowl?
What type of plastic are these spoons made out of?
What is the ideal age to start using it for the baby?
What's the weight limitation on this?
at what age could a baby be put in this?
how do you adjust height?
Does the jumper fold up for storage?
When can you start putting your child in the jumperoo? How many months do you think you can get use out of it?
How many wheels are under the seat (for rotation)? The instructions show 4, but ours only has 3 and our baby can NOT turn it at all.
Are the fabric parts removable or washable so they can be sanitized?
when should you change the height setting?
How long did this toy last for baby? It is worth buying for a baby already 6 months?
jumperoo or bright stars around we go.. Hello,I am confused what to buy for my 5 mnth old son..whether a jumperoo or exersaucer or bright star around we go??
i can't get it to rotate: If I unbuckle it it will rotate but it will also come apart.... can anyone help me?????
Box Size: Does anyone knows the box size of this?
Can the baby bounce in the seat as well?
I have one these activity tables which are fab, but wondered if you can buy parts as the water has evaporated? Thank you in advance.
Putting toy together, and the blue base/ table column halves don't fit together flush, anyone else have an issue with that? Bright Starts closed wknds
how much floor space is needed?
Is the seat height adjustable?
My parents are getting this for my 5 month old for christmas. What kind of batteries does this take??
How well would this work on high pile carpet? Will baby be able to move around fairly easy or ?
Is this compatible with Graco FastAction Fold Sport Stroller Click Connect Travel System, Gotham
can an a/c adapter be purchased?
Does this work with the snug ride click connect?
How many hours will a set of regular alkaline batteries last? Is it worth trying to use Eneloop AA batteries with C-spacers?
will this work with click connect graco?
Can any car seat fit in this especially baby trend car seat?
I know this product does fit the Snugride car seats. Does the ClickConnect series work with it also? Or can Graco make one that does?
will this work with the graco snugride click connect 35 car seat? Update: Wrote to manufacturer and they answered : No the SnugGlider swing frame will not be compatible with the Click Connect car seats." Thanks for all the other replies.
works with any car seat ? Did anyone try it out with a car seat other than Graco ?
Does this swing fit the Graco Click Connect 35?
Does the Midori come with a base? Is the base included?
In the picture for the Midori color, it's hard for me to tell if the gray fabric is velvety. Is it?
Does this car seat have notches to put on a shopping cart?
Durability of fabrics: Does anyone have a recommendation for most durable colors/fabrics available in this car seat?
Does the base require a latch system to install or can it be installed in a car without latch?
How much does the car seat weigh without the base?
Is the base for this model, compatible with the next size up car seat?
is this carseat rated to be used on an airplane?
Does it fit on baby jogger city versa?
Does this travel system come with a car seat base?
Fit on a shopping cart??
is this a rear/forward facing carseat? meaning that she might fit in there even when she hits 12,14 months? Help?
Are there any Keyfit 30 systems manufactured in 2012? I ordered one and received it yesterday, and it was manufactured in 8/2011!
Chicco Travel System Discovery and Adventure which is a newer model? My question is which model is newer Discovery or Adventure?
Removable Child Tray? Does anyone know if the child's tray on this model is removable (as with the Chicco Lite Stroller)?
Adjustable Handle? Does the handle on the stroller adjust, or is it high enough for a taller person (6'4) to push comfortably?
I've used this car seat rear facing for a year and a half. Can I use it front facing as well or is it ONLY for rear facing?
Which are the measurements of the box? not sure if measurements in "product description" are of the box of the stroller expaded. Can it be checked as luggage? Thank you all but now I see I omitted this clarification: I meant to check as luggage when...
I need cover and pads for stroller chicco keyfit 30
How to I get the wheels to roll? I have it packed up for travel but the wheels won't roll!
CAN IT HOLD UP TO 50 POUNDS
Please let me know the shipping dimension and shipping weight for this item. Thanks
Is there supposed to be a cover for the changing table? We just got ours and it is like a rubber material?
Is it possible to use this pump in a hands-free manner? I am hoping that i will be able to work while pumping. Thank you.
how long do these pumps last?
Is this a quiet pump?
How many storage bottles come with the pump?
I'm a first time mom so very new to breast pumps - what parts of this pump do you need to wash/clean after pumping? Thanks!
What are the dimensions of the larger carry-all bag (not the bottle cooler)?
What nipples do you use on your pump bottles?
Is this pump compatible with milk storage bags ? Can milk be pumped directly to storage bags instead of bottles?
can you sterilize the parts in microwave steam sterilizer?
If my child nurses on one side, but I want to pump the other, is it possible to only pump one side with a double electric or do you HAVE to pump both?
What does this device give you that an Iphone doesn't?
Is it good for twins?
Is there a way to turn off this timer at night/when not using? I can't figure that out. It seems like the only way would be to take out batteries.
Minimum alarm time of 1 hour? Is there a way to set the minutes instead of increments of 30 minutes?
Does this stand up on its own in addition to the clip? So, if I wanted to keep it standing up on a surface, would it stand?
Are there instructions on how to use this?
When I did a search on here for a nursery thermometer, this product popped up. I don't see anywhere in the description that it has a thermometer built in. Can someone please tell me if it actually does?
How do you set the time on the pocket nanny?
Is there a way to download the data to a spreadsheet, such as Excel?
the picture shows that one side is not as wide as the other. Is this so and what are the dimensions?
Does anyone know if this is easily removed or is it damaging to the wood? Thanks
is this foam fire resistant so it can be on the hearth next to a woodstove ??
how do you make it stick with the tape that comes with it, its not double sided i have been scrating its non sticky side since yesterday
I am so excited to put this around the edges of my fireplace hearth. I want to know before I start, will it adhere to a hearth that is brick?
Is this 12 inches of foam or 12 feet? The description is unclear
Does this product work with Born Free glass bottles?
Do these handles work with the 9oz born free glass bottles or just with the 5oz?
will these work on avent natural bottles?
Would this fit Playtex bottles?
Does it work with regular Dr. Brown's bottles? (not wide?)
Does this fit with Dr. Brown's Natural Flow Standard Glass Bottles?
Does this fit with Avent bottles?
What size tubs will this fit? Max inside width of tub? Ours measures 25 inches inside.
Would this work on a clawfoot tub? The top edges are rounded unlike a regular tub, so I am wondering if anyone has used this for that?
We are a 4 person family with different kinds of shampoo and soap containers. Can this be used to hold several bottles of shampoo/baby soap?
Can this be washed in the dishwasher?
Does this fit whirlpool tubs?
Is this large enough to store a baby tub?
What are the dimensions of the basket itself (not including the adjustable "lips")?
Does this lock in place at all when extended?
Is it easy to remove when taking a shower? Take out and put on the floor outside the tub?
Does this collect mildew and get scummy? If so, is it easy to clean?
Graco Safeseat- do the straps adjust like the cheap Snugride? Does that also apply to the Safeseat?
Color? How do you go about choosing the fabric you would like?
can you wash the material part of the seat? With what can you wash the inside of the seat when the material gets dirty?
Grocery carts? One reviewer mentioned the Safe seat did not fit onto a shopping cart like the older models--is this true?
Does this stool really weigh 49 lbs?
What are the exact dimension of the stool?
Sorry this seems silly but I cant tell from reviews. So this is just a "step up" to the toilet right? so still need to purchase a toddler size seat?
Does this stool have a weight limitation?
You mentioned the height of the stool is 20inches...what is the height of the step? Usually stairs are about 6inches in height. Is it more than this?
How many inches is the top of the step and is this stool self-supported (ex. could it also be used for a counter, etc.)? Thanks
Does insurance pay for this for special need children?
What height is the step? I'm wondering how it will work with a comfort/chair height toilet.
Does anyone know if this fits into Medela bottles easily? We're still using their 2 oz. storage bottles because she doesn't eat much at once.
Does it clean nipples?
How long do these last? Trying to understand if one if enough.
Do they fit Playtex Drop-in 4oz bottles?
Would this work on a hummingbird feeder as well? I'm rather disappointed in the "hummingbird feeder brushes" I've used so far.
does this brush fit into the Dr Browns 4 oz bottles? I got a brush like this as a gifta and it would not fit inside to clean the bottles.
Can i add on to an existing order
Can baby face forward? My son is used to facing out, is this an option with the Moby?
I have a large chest, would the Moby wrap work for my body?
Is the Moby Wrap easy to put on? Can I do it by myself? Does it come with instructions even a sleep deprived New Mom could follow?
Is it good for twins? Can you put two babies in the mob wrap?
Is it easy for bigger women to wear?
will it fit on plus size mom
Hello! My daughter is 7 weeks old. Will I get much use out of this wrap? Is it too late to try this type of thing out? She wants to be held all day.
Is this wrap easy to breastfeed in?
can moby wrap be used for 1 and half months kid?
Can this be worn without a T-shirt underneath in the summer?
Can you use the tray over the cover?
can the tray be used on the regular bumbo seat, or do you need to purchase a seat that is formed to use with a tray?
Does this tray work on the old bumbo seat, or just the new ones after the recall?
how much can a baby weigh to use it?
Is the tray dishwasher safe on the bottom rack or only the top? Also, can the top and stem parts be separated??
Does the tray attatch to all bumbo seat
Is there still room on the sit-and-stand seat for a child if there are infant seats in both front spots? Looks like stroller seats have to be reclined
Im considering buying this stroller. I have a 3 1/2,1 1/2 and due with our third any day. Im needing confirmation that is is our best choice?
I have 3 yr old twins and a 6 yr old. 6 yr old is small for his age (46 inches tall and 42 lbs). Would this stroller work for the 3 of them?
Would you buy this stroller of you had a 3 year old, and 18 month old and a newborn that would go into it until they were 6-9 months? Also
Does this stroller come with the standing board for the back seat?
do you ship in canada ?
How well will this stroller work with a newborn and a toddler?
What are the exact dimensions of this stroller when it is collapsed? Need to know if it will fit in my SUV.
what car seats are compatible?
I know there are universal carseat adaptors with this but does anyone know if it works with safety 1st, graco click connect, chicco, and britax.
This product is 25 mm or 28.5 with 30.5 mm. I need to make sure before we order.. currently I use 25 mm. does not fit my nipples at all.
Does this screw onto Medela bottles? I have a Medela pump (and many bottles) but want to start using an Ameda hospital grade pump.
Does the kit come with all parts? (Flanges, tubing, small white valves, and the clear valves)
What size flanges does this kit come with please?
I am searching for a treadmill cup holder and this came up on my search through amazon. Does anyone know if this will work?
Is this cup holder self leveling?
What is the best car seat for the Bugaboo bee3? Any particular must-have accessories?
Does the same cup holder fit bugaboo donkey and cameleon?
Will this cup holder attach to a bicycle handlebar?
How much does your coffee slosh out with this, if it's not self-leveling? It's a major problem with our Baby Jogger handlebar caddy.
Can this product fit in maclaren quest stroller?
Would this work to extend the chicco lite way stroller umbrella? Does it fit?
Has anyone used this on a rear faing car seat? If not, is there a way?&gt;
will it work on a Mutsy Evo stroller ?
upto how much weight of my child i can use
Can you close your stroller with this on?
Can you use this on a side by side umbrella stroller?
What's the difference between the compact and classic?
Does this attach to an existing canopy to extend it?
Do you need an existing canopy on your stroller for this to work?
Would this work on the Maclaren Volo?
does this come with the bassinet ?
does this fold like an umbrella stroller or is it wide and flat?
What model year is this Red Bumbleride Flyer? How do i know i am getting the newer model..
why is there two different numbers for the stroller? what is the difference between the stroller weight and the shipping weight?
How many inches is the diameter of the mouth opening?
Is the inside of the lid stainless steel as well, or plastic?
do the leak
is it dishwasher safe?
Is this good for pizza slice?
Will it keep items cold as well
where is this made?
Does it come in 12 oz
Can you remove the rubber stopper in the cap in order to clean around it?
Does it work for food like cheese sticks?
Will this fit the Babyhome Dream Cot? The fitted sheets that come with the mattress are horrible. Thanks!
Would this fit Baby Bjorn Travel Crib Light 2?
Hello, does this sheet fit the graco
Does the sheets fit the mini crib?
Do these sheets fit the Dream on Me 3 Spring Coil Portable Crib Mattress well?
Would this fit the Graco Travel Lite bassinet?
Does it fit the Delta bella cozy portable crib?
Does this fit the Lotus travel crib?
Does this fit the Lotus mini crib?
Will this fit the Babyhome Dream Cot? The fitted sheets that come with the mattress are horrible. Thanks!
Would this fit Baby Bjorn Travel Crib Light 2?
Hello, does this sheet fit the graco
Does the sheets fit the mini crib?
Do these sheets fit the Dream on Me 3 Spring Coil Portable Crib Mattress well?
Would this fit the Graco Travel Lite bassinet?
Does it fit the Delta bella cozy portable crib?
Does this fit the Lotus travel crib?
Does this fit the Lotus mini crib?
Will this fit the Babyhome Dream Cot? The fitted sheets that come with the mattress are horrible. Thanks!
Would this fit Baby Bjorn Travel Crib Light 2?
Hello, does this sheet fit the graco
Does the sheets fit the mini crib?
Do these sheets fit the Dream on Me 3 Spring Coil Portable Crib Mattress well?
Would this fit the Graco Travel Lite bassinet?
Does it fit the Delta bella cozy portable crib?
Does this fit the Lotus travel crib?
Does this fit the Lotus mini crib?
Will this fit the Babyhome Dream Cot? The fitted sheets that come with the mattress are horrible. Thanks!
Would this fit Baby Bjorn Travel Crib Light 2?
Hello, does this sheet fit the graco
Does the sheets fit the mini crib?
Do these sheets fit the Dream on Me 3 Spring Coil Portable Crib Mattress well?
Would this fit the Graco Travel Lite bassinet?
Does it fit the Delta bella cozy portable crib?
Does this fit the Lotus travel crib?
Does this fit the Lotus mini crib?
Will this fit the Babyhome Dream Cot? The fitted sheets that come with the mattress are horrible. Thanks!
Would this fit Baby Bjorn Travel Crib Light 2?
Hello, does this sheet fit the graco
Does the sheets fit the mini crib?
Do these sheets fit the Dream on Me 3 Spring Coil Portable Crib Mattress well?
Would this fit the Graco Travel Lite bassinet?
Does it fit the Delta bella cozy portable crib?
Does this fit the Lotus travel crib?
Does this fit the Lotus mini crib?
How many should I purchase to start? Can anyone help with some sound advice on a number?
Anyone use cloth diapers who live in an apartment?
What do you wash your diapers in? I use the Fels Naptha-borax-washing soda combo for my clothes and I know they'll work with just prefolds but what about my BG all-in-ones?
How many should I purchase to start? Can anyone help with some sound advice on a number?
Anyone use cloth diapers who live in an apartment?
What do you wash your diapers in? I use the Fels Naptha-borax-washing soda combo for my clothes and I know they'll work with just prefolds but what about my BG all-in-ones?
How many should I purchase to start? Can anyone help with some sound advice on a number?
Anyone use cloth diapers who live in an apartment?
What do you wash your diapers in? I use the Fels Naptha-borax-washing soda combo for my clothes and I know they'll work with just prefolds but what about my BG all-in-ones?
How many should I purchase to start? Can anyone help with some sound advice on a number?
Anyone use cloth diapers who live in an apartment?
What do you wash your diapers in? I use the Fels Naptha-borax-washing soda combo for my clothes and I know they'll work with just prefolds but what about my BG all-in-ones?
How many should I purchase to start? Can anyone help with some sound advice on a number?
Anyone use cloth diapers who live in an apartment?
What do you wash your diapers in? I use the Fels Naptha-borax-washing soda combo for my clothes and I know they'll work with just prefolds but what about my BG all-in-ones?
Will this gate work with drywall on one side and stair rail on the other side?
Can this gate be used with banister mounting kits as to not screw into the banister?
We have 5 inch baseboards so cannot install it above them. Can you install this into a baseboard at the bottom and drywall at the top?
Does this gate swing both ways or does it stop so it won't swing over stairs?
How tall is the gate? I have about 23 inches of wall to attach it to on one side.
The banisters at the top of the stairs do not line up and one is a couple inches farther back. Will the mechanism be able to properly lock the gate?
does it screw to metal
My kids like to step on the open gate. Our other gates are pressure mount &amp; sit on the floor. Can anyone tell me if these will hold up to that abuse
Does this gate come with all of the parts for assembly?
How wide can this gate extend to?
Help looking for harness to hold my extremely active 14 month old as I change his diaper tried everything to distract now looking for shoulder &amp; waist
how does it anchor to the high chair???
can this be used in a plane as safety harness ?
Can this harness be used on radio flyer wagon seat?
does this work with a stokke tripp trapp chair?
will this work with an ikea high chair?
I have a stroller with missing straps. Would these work with most strollers?
Could I use this harness for a bar stool? My bar stool has a back rest but no arm rests and I'm worried about my 2 year old falling off the stool.
Would this work on a toddler classroom chair? I want my 14mo to sit at the kiddie table to eat dinner w her big sis, but she is always on the move.
Could this work for use in a shopping cart?
Will this adapter work with a Graco Snugride 35 Click Connect carseat?
What BOB strollers is this compatible with? I have a 2006 Ironman Sport Utility stroller.
Will this fit with chicco 35 classic connect?
Is this compatible with Britax B-Safe car seats?
Does this adapter hinder the folding range of the stroller? With the adapter in place, does the stroller fold as compact as if it was not installed?
Based on other reviews it looks like this also comes with the styrofoam square for added support. Does it also come with the restraint belt?
Does this come with the snack tray?
does the stroller collapse completely
Will this car seat adaptor work with the Chicco keyfit 30 car seat?
On the BOB parts website it says that this works with Britax companion carseat- anyone tried it with the Britax Bsafe carseat?
does this kit on safety gates that are not Kidco brand?
Will this work on metal banister/railing?
How do I use the little plastic "shims"? The directions say these can be used to straighten out the top and bottom, but I don't see where to put them.
What are the dimensions of the plastic clamps that go around the banister? Our banister is thicker and want to know if it'll fit.
Given how bad the instructions are (see reviews), how DOES one install this correctly? For instance -- where do the small wood blocks go?
We have a metal railing and the posts are 1" x 1" thick. Is that thick enough for this product to work?
Could I put this around a hand railing? We are having difficulties finding a gate as we have a hand railing on one side of the stairs and post on othe
My banister is square and really thick (6"x6"). Will it expand that big?
Will this kit work on a banister that is round on both top and the bottom (obviously being thinner at the top) ? Thanks in advance
How do you mount on a spindle that is skinny on top and bottom? How do you make the bottom fitting tighter like the "top" piece is?
Will it fit in a Corolla trunk? Has anyone put it in a Corolla or similar sedan?
Is the push handle adjustable for taller parents to push comfortably without being hunched over?
Is handle adjustable....Would tall parent kick the stroller while walking? Does this stroller have an adjustable handle?
Does it come with a rain cover?
Any idea if this will fit into the trunk of a 2011 Prius?
Toddler facing forward in the back? Has anyone found a safe way to face a toddler forward in the backseat?
Infant carrier in the back?? Has anyone tried to put the infant carrier in the back part?
Any tried to put the infant carrier in the back? There was no baby in it yet, however, so I was just wondering about the weight distribution if the front was empty - will it tip backwards??
Does the snack tray swivel open for easy access to the front seat,or does it have to be manually removed (i.e. taken completely off)?
Does this fit a chicco car seat?
Will it fit in a Corolla trunk? Has anyone put it in a Corolla or similar sedan?
Is the push handle adjustable for taller parents to push comfortably without being hunched over?
Is handle adjustable....Would tall parent kick the stroller while walking? Does this stroller have an adjustable handle?
Does it come with a rain cover?
Any idea if this will fit into the trunk of a 2011 Prius?
Toddler facing forward in the back? Has anyone found a safe way to face a toddler forward in the backseat?
Infant carrier in the back?? Has anyone tried to put the infant carrier in the back part?
Any tried to put the infant carrier in the back? There was no baby in it yet, however, so I was just wondering about the weight distribution if the front was empty - will it tip backwards??
Does the snack tray swivel open for easy access to the front seat,or does it have to be manually removed (i.e. taken completely off)?
Does this fit a chicco car seat?
The measurement are 53 inchs by 34" by 19". Is that correct? Anyone know what it actually measures?
height
I am looking for a stool to put in my shower stall to shave my legs. Not sure if this is high enough. Is 7" an accurate height?
Is the top non-skid?
What color is the trim along the bottom of the stool?
Is it made in the USA?
What is the height of this step stool?
The measurement are 53 inchs by 34" by 19". Is that correct? Anyone know what it actually measures?
height
I am looking for a stool to put in my shower stall to shave my legs. Not sure if this is high enough. Is 7" an accurate height?
Is the top non-skid?
What color is the trim along the bottom of the stool?
Is it made in the USA?
What is the height of this step stool?
Will it fit in a Corolla trunk? Has anyone put it in a Corolla or similar sedan?
Is the push handle adjustable for taller parents to push comfortably without being hunched over?
Is handle adjustable....Would tall parent kick the stroller while walking? Does this stroller have an adjustable handle?
Does it come with a rain cover?
Any idea if this will fit into the trunk of a 2011 Prius?
Toddler facing forward in the back? Has anyone found a safe way to face a toddler forward in the backseat?
Infant carrier in the back?? Has anyone tried to put the infant carrier in the back part?
Any tried to put the infant carrier in the back? There was no baby in it yet, however, so I was just wondering about the weight distribution if the front was empty - will it tip backwards??
Does the snack tray swivel open for easy access to the front seat,or does it have to be manually removed (i.e. taken completely off)?
Does this fit a chicco car seat?
Our bi-fold doors are 1.25" thick - would this work?
Does this work with bi-fold doors that have a metal track at the top?
Can I lock and unlock this from either side? I put a bifold door to my basement and want to be able to lock it while I am upstairs but also downstairs
How many come in one package? I have two doors on his closet and I am assuming this goes where it folds, and not where they open.
IS IT GOOD FOR A PLASTIC STORAGE CLOSET
Will this stop a German Shepherd from opening the door and eating everything inside the pantry?
Will this work for doors that push open away from you as you enter the room or is it for doors that pull open toward you?
Would it fit a 1.5" thick door?
What size Bi-Fold doors does this fit? My kitchen cabinets are about 3/4". Will this product make the doors secure shut and still slide easily?
Would this work to clasp shut frameless glass shower doors? Needing to find something temporary to clasp the glass doors shut to keep toddler out.
bottle: what type of bottles can be used with this pump?
Can this pump directly into the Ameda 4 oz bottles?
does this fit medela bottles?
is this pump bpa free?
How snug does the 'comfort seal cushion' have to be? (Does it work with small nipples)
what is included in the box?
how packable is this... need to find a manual pump to take with me on business travel?
Does it fit with Dr. Brown's bottles?
What is the shield/flange made of? Silicone? Polypropylene?
I just tried to use this and the flange was too small. Can you get bigger flanges for this?
Graco Safeseat- do the straps adjust like the cheap Snugride? Does that also apply to the Safeseat?
Color? How do you go about choosing the fabric you would like?
can you wash the material part of the seat? With what can you wash the inside of the seat when the material gets dirty?
Grocery carts? One reviewer mentioned the Safe seat did not fit onto a shopping cart like the older models--is this true?
Britax seats in Prius? Any recommendations, Brtiax or otherwise?
Britax convertible- best for chubby baby boy? Any recommendations?
roundabout for Newborns? I am wondering about buying a convertible for our newborn. what are other experiences of folks who might have done that?
Does this seat work on an airplane?
Britax Convertible seats and cup holders? If not, does anyone know if there is a compatible accessory for Britax?
velcro? Does anyone know what this is for?
Does this seat make babies hot?
Britax car seat indent damage: Has anyone had a problem of this car seat ripping the cloth?
Britax Roundabout use with Maclaren Frame: Does anyone know if the Britaz Roundabout comes out of its base and can be popped onto the Maclaren Frame?
Expired 2002 Britax Roundabout: I feel like if anything was to ever happen to our child in a crash, I couldnt live with myself for using the old seat, but is it really as dangerous as my first time mother's imagination is making it seem?
What are the measurements of the pad?
How big is the pad when folded?
Does anyone put this in a Ju Ju Be Quick and/or Large Set Piece &amp; there is still room for your diapers etc or is it too bulky for that?
Does the vinyl side contain PVC?
How wide is the actual part you walk through? I have some large family members.
Can I use 3 extensions to cover a 41 inch opening?
Has anyone mounted this gate without the stick pads and if so, how well does it work?
I have a 36" door opening. Will It work. F so will I need to use both extensions?
how large is space between bars?
Could a 4yr old easily open this gate? Looking for something they can open themselves.
Do the make the gate about 39"?
Will this gate fit in a 37" doorway?
Are the bars bent or straight? In the pictures the white gate has bent bars, but the other two colors have straight bars. I want white/straight bars.
Can i use it against a wall with molding at the bottom? Will it adjust to pressue at one length up top and another below?
How does the sizing work for this? Does it depend on the size of the baby or the size of the wearer?
Does this sling have a zipper pouch?
What size is this sling? Extra Large?
what size is this sling? What size is this sling?
size
It says 12', can the handrail be cut or shortened if my banister is only 8' long?
Is this $24.98 price for the handrail or the mount kit or both together?
What do the dimensions 37 x 11.4 x 2.1 inches apply to. Is 11.4 feet long. Can an elderly use it ffor assistance. Made of what?
does this work on metal spindles?
What If You Don't Have A Banister/Spindles? "KidCo CareRails Banister Mount Kit" I Have Walls On Each Side Of My Staircase, So Could This Product Mount Onto My Walls?
will a moses basket fit?
Is this compatible with the Uppa Baby Vista 2012 model?
Is this compatible with a PRE-2015 model? I have a 2011 model. The descriptions says "older version," but others used the 2015 model? Which is it????
Is this compatible with the Uppa Baby Vista 2015 model?
Does this rock back and forth ?
where can i get this basket ?
Has anyone tried using the Britax Bassinet (with the Uppababy adapter) on this stand? If so, did the bassinet attach securely?
does the cruz bassinet fit on this stand?
how tall is it in inches?
does it fit on the graco pack and play
I cannot tell how it attaches. Could you attach it to the top of an infant bouncy seat?
It does not fit on my crib. Is there any kit to attach it to a wide crib?
The mirror at the end is super cloudy. Is there a plastic film over it? If there is, I can't find an edge to peel it off. Anyone else have this issue?
Does it have labels inside such as mom, dad, grandma?
how many photos does it hold?
Is it easy to put the pictures in? Is the Plastic easy to see through? Competitor's product did not meet these criteria.
Is it plastic or cloth
Has anyone tried to wash this by putting it through the laundry?
does it tell a story with each picture
Are the slots for vertical or horizontal 4x6 photos?
hi. i cant seem to find where this photo album is "made in..." could anyone please help me with this? thanks!
where is book printed and put together? USA or elsewhere?
DOES THIS FIT THE "IGNITE" STROLLER
Does this fit Chicco Liteway stroller?
Will this fit a Maclaren Techno XLR?
Does it fit a Baby Trendsport Stroller?
Will it fit a Maclaren Quest Stroller?
Does this fit a Joovy Groove?
Does the Baby Jogger City Mini fit this? Thank you.
Would this fit the Delta Children City Street Side by Side Stroller? I have the double stroller gate check bag but it's too big.
will this fit a summer infant 3d flip convenient stroller?
Will this bag fit the Maclaren Triumph stroller?
Can you fold it up/out of the way when it is not being used?
Is it compatible with baby trend jogger?
Is it the new model or old model? I am actually looking for the old model have to be exactly like the photo.
does this $76.00 kit come with everything that i need to attatch it to my Quinny buzz 3 ?
I would like to know if I need to by the connectors separately to attache it to my preprego.
does this $76.00 kit come with everything that i need to attatch it to my Bugaboo bee?
Will this board fit well on a Britax B-Agile stroller?
Will this work on a 16inch bike?
I AM WANT A BABY SEAT ROR AMERICAN DOLL BIKE
Would this work well with an American Girl Doll?
Would this work with a 12" bike?
does it work with hand brakes?
Can this product be sterilized with steamed ?
What are the little slots on the front of the drying rack for?
Does water drain from the bottom of the rack (and leak on the counter)?
Will this fit the Tommee Tippee bottles?
Is this BPA free?
Anyone use this rack with glass bottles? Will it hold them without falling over?
how many bottles does it hold?
Will this hold fatter bottles, like Avent bottles?
how big
Are these made in US?
this is embarrassing. The lids don't close. Can you teach me how to put on the lids?
are the bowls BPA free?
are they microwaveable?
Are they transparent ?
Can you freeze them?
Is this small enough to be used to feed a 4 month old?
Are these microwave safe?
Does this adapter work with Britax B-Safe infant car seat
Has anyone used this successfully with Chicco KeyFit30 products?
why is one tray taller than the other?
Any way for this to work with a BabyTrend car seat?
Does the adapter hold the car seat in securely enough to take the jogger running?Especially in an area with hills?Don't want the car seat to fall out!
Is this compatible with the 2009 BOB double stroller, model: SO:56395?
Does this come with the safety strap and foam block?
Is this for two infants? I have 3 month old twins
Does this adapter work for the Graco Snugride 35?
Can these be used with Playtex diaper genie on the go dispenser?
Do these come in any other scent than lavender? I found it really strong and rather unpleasant.
Can these bags be used with playtex diaper genie travel dispensers?
volume size
What is the length an diameter size of each roll??
how do the bags attach to the plastic ring
GRACO TURBO BOOSTER SEAT: DOES ANY ONE KNOW HOW THIS WORKS IN THE MIDDLE OF THE BACK SEAT WHERE THERE IS NO SHOULDER HARNESS?
How do you keep a toddler from opening seat belt latches? Any ideas beside stapling him to the seat?
Cleaning this chair: Does the seat have a washable removable cover?
Graco Booster with high back fairy tale: is this seat acually safe if it does not strap to the vehicle?
Where are they manufactured?
Do these cups have handles?
How can I get these only in blue
do these cups have the "soft spout?"
Do I still need regular crib sheets on top of the quick zip crib sheet?
Won't you still have to remove the underlying mattress pad when a leak occurs? which would be a hassle. how do these sheets save time?
What did you buy (brand and manufacturer) to put underneath the sheets to protect/waterproof the mattress?
Would it look strange to have a different color base sheet &amp; top sheet? I received sage sheets &amp; they clash with the wall color.
Is this as safe as Zipsheets? I read the person's review how Zipsheets are better because they are waterproof, but is velcro safe?
My crib mattress measures 54" x 28" x 5". Is there any change this set will fit my mattress (although it doesn't look like it)?
Are these sheets compatible with mini folding portable cribs?
I have not received a sheet set yet, but was surprised by how little the top sheet seemed on the mattress. Is the zipper at the edge of the mattress?
Has anyone used this with the Moonlight Slumber Little Dreamer mattress? I'm interested in the product but am not sure it will fit this mattress.
What diaper pail liner do you use with this for cloth diapers? I want one the doesn't leak and fits!
would the pail still contain the smell if i use regular garbage bags?
if i use regular garbage bags, what size (gallons) should i buy?
used for adult diapers
Will this work with cloth diapers?
Does anyone know if the Diaper Dekor XL refills will fit in this pail?
Will this work with an umbrella side by side stroller that DOES NOT have a canopy?
Would this work on our Britax Boulevard car seat? My child hates sun on her face in the car. I haven't found anything else.
How well does it protect from rain? Water proof?
Does this work for strollers which don't have a canopy?
Is it made in Taiwan?
We bought a blue/gold and a brights, but the connectors are different sizes. Is this normal or was there "different generations" of product?
Will furniture create permanent divots in the mats?
Do u do the shipping to UK?
Is the circule part removed easily from the mat ?
If you wanted to move it from one room to another, would you need to take it apart and reassemble it? Thanks.
Has it been treated with flame retardant?
I live in the Mohave Desert and do not have grass in my yard, only sand. Would this mat hold up and not warp or melt in up to 120 degree weather?
What is the total area a box can cover?
Hi could you please tell me how thick is the mat?
Is it made in Taiwan?
We bought a blue/gold and a brights, but the connectors are different sizes. Is this normal or was there "different generations" of product?
Will furniture create permanent divots in the mats?
Do u do the shipping to UK?
Is the circule part removed easily from the mat ?
If you wanted to move it from one room to another, would you need to take it apart and reassemble it? Thanks.
Has it been treated with flame retardant?
I live in the Mohave Desert and do not have grass in my yard, only sand. Would this mat hold up and not warp or melt in up to 120 degree weather?
What is the total area a box can cover?
Hi could you please tell me how thick is the mat?
Is it made in Taiwan?
We bought a blue/gold and a brights, but the connectors are different sizes. Is this normal or was there "different generations" of product?
Will furniture create permanent divots in the mats?
Do u do the shipping to UK?
Is the circule part removed easily from the mat ?
If you wanted to move it from one room to another, would you need to take it apart and reassemble it? Thanks.
Has it been treated with flame retardant?
I live in the Mohave Desert and do not have grass in my yard, only sand. Would this mat hold up and not warp or melt in up to 120 degree weather?
What is the total area a box can cover?
Hi could you please tell me how thick is the mat?
Is it electric?
Are there two pieces to this?
Is it a monitor or only the reciever
This picture shows just the receiver, does this come along with a monitor too at the same cost?
Can I use two of these in the same house without interference? Can I use two of these in the same house without interference?
Cordless monitor: anyone have experience with a monitor that the part by the baby is cordless...??
if you got 2 sets of these, would you be able to monitor 2 rooms on the same receiver?
Can I buy two of these and use the same receiver?
Can I purchase an additional receiver separately later on if I decide it is necessary?
Is this monitor analog or digital?
Is this toy BPA free?
Has anyone had success putting this on a larger reversible car seat? The image shows it on an infant carrier. Thanks!
Does it include everything in the picture or just the arch with the toys?
Could this attach to the crb for 8 month old?
Does this attached to Chicco Key Fit ?
Do you know if it will fit the Britax?
Is this safe to keep on the seat while in the car?
Does this fit on the BOB stroller?
How far will the arch spead? Wanting to use it on a wide pack-n-play.
Will it fit the graco pack n play ?
Does this come with 4 bottles? In the description it says 4 but I just wanted to confirm it 4 bottle, 4 caps and nipples for each. Thanks!
Do pigeon rubber baby bottle nipples, any size, work with the respironics pigeon baby bottle?
are you bottles BPA free?
Does the nipple and rings interchange with Medela sizing and bottles/
Does this cleft palate bottle come with both the "preemie" and "regular" size nipples for infant's with cleft palate?
Are these rubber nipples? Are both nipples the same size? What exactly is included?
Can stroller be reclined with this attached
does it work with the uppababy g luxe?
does this item work with a BJ citi mini GT??
Coffee Cup: Has anyone tried this and was it stable enough while you were walking?
Is a 5 yr old boy too old for these.
This says it is a 3 piece set but only shows a picture of the plate. What comes in this?
where are these made? is it made in china?
Would this work for a 3 year old?
Where can we purchase the actual cradle?
What are the size of sheets
organic cradle: Does this cradle also come with a mattress?
It is not certified organic...how do we know it is truly organic? It is coming from China.
where is this blanket made? where is the organic cotton grown?
Is the blanket easy to clean/wash?
Does this contain any flame retardant chemicals? Thank you.
Will this gate fit a space that is 38.5 inches with both extensions?
Are these gates pressure mounted only or can they be hardware mounted?
Is there any way to connect two of these gates together to create a gate for a wide area (86") with two doors?
Is this an easy gate to open with one hand?
Will one gate plus one extension fit well in a 35 1/2 inch opening? I'm concerned that it's the max and won't fit well.
What is the recommended age range?
what does the hand symbol do on the music box?
Is this product latex free?
Are the toys BPA free?
I bought this item used and didn't notice that the previous owner stripped the screw on the musical toy. Can I buy a replacement from the manufacture?
is the mat washable?
I have this and the music thing is going crazy, skipping songs, etc. Help?
what does the hand symbol do on the music box?
Is the toy washable?
How many songs does it play?
What are the package dimensions? I know the product dimensions, but I'd like to know if it's compressed when packed
has spanish language
When you switch to another Language like Spanish or French... does it speak exclusively that language?
What age group is it best suited for?
How long will the music play before you have to reactivate it?
Where was this toy made? What country?
Would this be good for a plane ride or would it annoy everyone around us?
Does it light up?
is there lead in the paint?
Are the magnets attached in a safe way so that they cannot dislodge?
Is this product made in China?
Are there both upper and lowercase letters in this set? Also, how tall are they? Thanks!
what do you fasten the diapers with?
Best detergent to use for these prefolds? I'm using Rumparooz diaper covers and their website recommends Tide Original. Is this ok with the prefolds?
Are these the "better fit" sizes or standard?
Are these the "better fit" sizes or standard?
Are these bleached?
embroidery
What are the pre-shrink and post-shrink dimensions for all of the diaper sizes?
What's the difference between these and the 6-pack of unbleached prefolds?
Do you notice these diapers having a lot of lint in them from the dryer while breaking them in &amp; professional quality?
Are they packed in a regular osocozy packaging (like for pack of 6) or they are sent without any packaging?
Do the packs of a dozen come with colored edges? I bought a pack of 12 newborn and they have orange edging, but my size 1 pack of six is plain white.
How big is the infant 4x6x4 vs the medium 4x6x4?
What is the size difference between the newborn 4x6x4 and the infant 4x6x4?
I see that the infant 4x6x4 is 12.5 by 8.5 and the medium 4x6x4 are 13.2 x 9.6... anyone know what size the toddler ones are?
I'm looking for PREMIUM infant 4x6x4s and dont see the option listed. Are they the infant diapers with YELLOW or BLUE stitching?
Do you use Snappis with these?
What size is best for burpcloths?
Hello. When will ou have the regular size back in stock?
Is it heavy enough to prevent the child from knocking it down?
Is it heavy enough to prevent the child from knocking it down?
Is it heavy enough to prevent the child from knocking it down?
Can you use more than one extension per superyard? Thanks.
Combined with the 6-panel play yard, could this be assembled as a square? If so, what would the dimensions be? Can't find single panel dimensions.
Does it come with a mounting hardware?
Is it possible to move the gate opening to any section of the gate?
We plan to use our gate as a long shallow U shape along a wall of bookshelves; I measured each panel to be about 25" so would this add 50 of length?
Is the hardware metal or plastic?
how long is it?
Hi, can I join 2 of these North States Superyard 3 in 1 Wood Gates to make an extra large play area? Will I need to purchase additional extensions ( other than the 2 Superyards) to do so? Thanks.
Is this item easy to put out and take down on a daily basis? we got the plastic north states play yard and it take a lot of effort to close it up.
What is the gap distance between vertical bars? Are they spaced closely enough to contain a cat?
is this a babby jail?
pet pen?
How many extensions can be added?
Can this be spilt to create two three panel gates?
Can this be folded and stored easily when not in use? I will just need it one day a week for my grandson. Was worried about metal play yard weight.
Does the extension part #4931 for the superyard include the vertical bars to attach to the playyard and other extension panels?
How wide is each panel?
We would like to have a large play area for our granddaughter, approximately the area of a 5x7 rug. Beside the basic fence, how many extra panels?
is there a way to order just the panel with the door?
Are the panels compatible with model # 4830?
how come you dont offer extensions in taupe?
For the expansion pack do you have to use both panels or can you use just one? I need 7 to close off my livingroom.
We need to block off a large opening, how long is each panel or how long is the entire fence when used straight rather than connected into a pen? How long is the entire unit when used with the 2 panel extension. I need 12 feet across.
Would this fit in an opening that is 65" wide?
can this be used as a co-sleeper? can it be st up with two sides only (top and left?)
Is there space to pack anything inside when it's folded up?
What are the dimensions of the item when used as a bed?
Are the mattress and the sides of the bed breathable/ventilated?
Up to what age and weight my baby can use it? txs
This doesn't seem to have breatheable material on the sides. Are there concerns for older, mobile babies and SIDS, getting smooshed against the side?
Are the sides of this sturdy enough for a rolling 9 month old? I'm having a hard time finding a good product between newborn and toddler.
We have business class/bulk head seats (on an international flight) so plenty of space at our feet. Our son is about 18lbs and 29 inches. Will he fit
Does this cover have a zipper?
Is this selling the pillow or just the cover?
What color is the replacement cover?
I just got the pillow in the mail today... do I need to order a cover?
My current cover is fleece, is this one cotton/cotton blend?
Can these nipples be steam cleaned in the microwave ?
My baby is exclusively breastfed. I am looking for a bottle that mimics the breast. Will this nipple flow be good for my 8 month old or too slow?
What would you recommend for a 7-10 month old?
Do they have a stage 3 nipple? Or is it just the stage 1 and 2?
What stage for 4 month old
How is the stage 2 nipple? Is it a pretty fast flow or is it still conservative (to mimic the breast)?
cost: Are these nipples really $49.99?
Is this stage 2 nipple a variable speed?
So there is absolutely NO flame retardant? NO chemicals? Then how does it meet federal and state flammability standards?
What were the dimensions of the crib sheets you bought Do the crib sheets fit the mattress well? Can you recommend some crib sheets for this mattress?
How can you tell the infant side apart from the toddler side? The instructions clearly say there is a difference and to flip at 8-12 months.
is this mattress heavy?
Will this fit the Pottery Barn kendall crib?
Is this mattress 2 sided? with a newborn or toddler side? Or can either side be used for newborns?
Which polyethylene grade is used in the mattress?
Does this mattress really weigh 50 pounds?
Does this mattress need a separate waterproof cover or can I just use it with normal crib sheets?
How do I know which side is the firm side?? I can't figure it out by just feeling it...
Have you used this on an umbrella stroller? Any problem with the fit? I want to use this while traveling and am not lugging my big stroller. Thanks
Has anyone used this on a Bob Revolution or Ironman? Thanks!
Does this work with the G3 Orbit stroller?
Has anyone tried this with the babyjogger summit stroller? Thanks!!
I am looking for something that will shade my baby girl but something that she can see out of...once in the stroller can the child see out of the net?
Do you also need to buy a backflow filter?
I have the Spectra S2 - will this set work with that pump? I don'r see a place for the backflow filter - wheRe does it attach?
Will this work with the S1 spectra pump and does it work as the kit that comes with the pump ( can I use the back flow protector)?
Will this work with the S1?
Will this work with the M1?
How big can the baby be to use this car seat?
Does this base work for the Chicco KeyFit infant carseat?
I just purchased the keyfit car system for my daughter who is expecting in april. do i need a 2nd car seat for my car, or just the stand?
Can this be secured in the car with just a seat belt? I have metal hooks(that what it means by latch?) in my SUV but my husband doesn't in his car.
What are the shipping weight and shipping box dimension?
Does this work with the keyfit from 2011? Series 100611 0229
Does this work with the Keyfit30 Magic carseat?
Is this a carseat in itself? Or is the "seat" needed to complete the base?
Does this also fit the Chicco Nextfit carseat? Thank you!
can this be used on a keyfit 22?
can this be used with a newborn?
Does the breeze actually breath more than the original? Is it cooler for baby? You?
Does this work in water? Pool, shower etc?
hello, i dont live in the country, but i am in a hotel in orlando, fl. so can you ship the product to the hotel? or can be a problem?
what is a good way to determine the size to get? i am currently 5'6 112lbs.
what size do I get?
Any plus sized ladies own this? I am a size 18-20. My weight is fairly evenly distributed. I have an hourglass shape, larger thighs. XL I assume?
Is nursing/breastfeeding easy in this? Do you feel covered or exposed?
sizing
twins: Does anyone have twins and use this product?
can this be used with a newborn?
Does the breeze actually breath more than the original? Is it cooler for baby? You?
Does this work in water? Pool, shower etc?
hello, i dont live in the country, but i am in a hotel in orlando, fl. so can you ship the product to the hotel? or can be a problem?
what is a good way to determine the size to get? i am currently 5'6 112lbs.
what size do I get?
Any plus sized ladies own this? I am a size 18-20. My weight is fairly evenly distributed. I have an hourglass shape, larger thighs. XL I assume?
Is nursing/breastfeeding easy in this? Do you feel covered or exposed?
sizing
twins: Does anyone have twins and use this product?
can this be used with a newborn?
Does the breeze actually breath more than the original? Is it cooler for baby? You?
Does this work in water? Pool, shower etc?
hello, i dont live in the country, but i am in a hotel in orlando, fl. so can you ship the product to the hotel? or can be a problem?
what is a good way to determine the size to get? i am currently 5'6 112lbs.
what size do I get?
Any plus sized ladies own this? I am a size 18-20. My weight is fairly evenly distributed. I have an hourglass shape, larger thighs. XL I assume?
Is nursing/breastfeeding easy in this? Do you feel covered or exposed?
sizing
twins: Does anyone have twins and use this product?
can this be used with a newborn?
Does the breeze actually breath more than the original? Is it cooler for baby? You?
Does this work in water? Pool, shower etc?
hello, i dont live in the country, but i am in a hotel in orlando, fl. so can you ship the product to the hotel? or can be a problem?
what is a good way to determine the size to get? i am currently 5'6 112lbs.
what size do I get?
Any plus sized ladies own this? I am a size 18-20. My weight is fairly evenly distributed. I have an hourglass shape, larger thighs. XL I assume?
Is nursing/breastfeeding easy in this? Do you feel covered or exposed?
sizing
twins: Does anyone have twins and use this product?
how often should you replace the parts?
Are these Ameda brand parts? Or a different brand?
Would these spare parts also work for the Lansinoh double electric breast pump?
where can you buy ameda spare parts locally
Can we attach 4 wheels to the co sleeper? (attaching 4 wheels to 4 leg extensions) All the images show it with 2.
Is it practical to move every morning to another room?
Question about sheet size for mini co-sleeper convertibles: What dimensions are the sheets that fit the mini co-sleepers?
is it sturdy?
What is the purpose of the quilted coverlet-type thing? Does it stay on for sleeping or as a play pen?
What are the inside dimensions of the sleeper (height, width, length)?
Can anyone tell me about the play pen? is it spicous enough for babies to maneveur around?
This co cleeper comes with a firm matteress and a matteress sheet - correct? Do I need anything else apart from this product for assembly?
Does the bottom section have a zipper to allow for storing items underneath?
is the mattress/ edge adjustable so that you can have it on an even level with your bed and attach it to your bed?
Can we attach 4 wheels to the co sleeper? (attaching 4 wheels to 4 leg extensions) All the images show it with 2.
Is it practical to move every morning to another room?
Question about sheet size for mini co-sleeper convertibles: What dimensions are the sheets that fit the mini co-sleepers?
is it sturdy?
What is the purpose of the quilted coverlet-type thing? Does it stay on for sleeping or as a play pen?
What are the inside dimensions of the sleeper (height, width, length)?
Can anyone tell me about the play pen? is it spicous enough for babies to maneveur around?
This co cleeper comes with a firm matteress and a matteress sheet - correct? Do I need anything else apart from this product for assembly?
Does the bottom section have a zipper to allow for storing items underneath?
is the mattress/ edge adjustable so that you can have it on an even level with your bed and attach it to your bed?
Why is this advertised as a baby toy since it has a warning of a choking hazard?
Is this toy BPA free?
In what country are they made?
Will this work with an elongated toilet seat ?
what is the height of the step?
does this seat fit tall toilets and adjust to height of toilet?
remove magnifier
Looking for nail clippers to use after birth so baby won't scratch her face. I hate the baby mittens. Would these work to use at birth?
can deliver me in hotel in miami within maximum of 11 may?
size?
Are they thick enough to stand up?
Are they thick enough to stand up?
Do these come with any sort of storage bag?
Can you wash these in the dishwasher?
Both of my bathroom wall is tile. Is this product good for the tile wall? will it stick to the tile wall?
Have had these for months, love 'em, but some have developed a stain on them (esp the yellow ones). Any way to clean these?
Our bathtub has a stone wall, not tile. Will these still stick to it?
Do you know if these are BPA/PVC free?
what age can you use this?
Are these dishwasher safe?
plastic
What is material composition? Are they BPA, PVC and Phthalate free? Thanks!
Does it hold Avent 9 oz bottles?
Does it hold bottles from different brands?
Do the Dr Brown's 8oz bottles fit in the space provided?
Will it fit playtex ventair 9oz bottles?Thanks in advance
How long can you use this for? (I.e. is it disposable?)
is this bpa free?
Can this sterilizer be used with Avent 9 oz bottles?
What is the smallest microwave size that this fits in?
The description says that it comes with a brush for "pre cleaning" before steaming. How well does this clean, without pre cleaning?
Is pre cleaning necessary?
Hi, what is the metric equivalent of the thickness. Batling to convert 0.53" to metric :P thanks
Is this product nontoxic? (Free of formamides, BPA, phthalates. No latex or fire retardants.)
Is this free of formamides?
How many tiles come with each packet sold?
Do the tiles have edge pieces so that you can have a clean edge instead of the rough interlocking edges? If so, are they reversible in color as well?
I want to cover the kids 12x12 bedroom carpet with these. Do you think is will work? Do I need to tack done plastic first? Does dye bleed?
After the tiles are put together to form a floor mat, can the mat be rolled up and put away without having them break apart?
Would these work as fitness mats on top of carpet? Lots of jumping, burpees, etc. Carpet padding is not too thick, would jumping pull them apart?
Can these be used outside? We just bought an outdoor play gym and want to put mats under it - thanks!
Do the tiles have straight edges or can I attach two packages together to make a bigger mat area?
Does this work with Graco Snugride Click Connect 30? I know it won't work with 35 and 40.
Does this model work with the Vista 2015??
Does this adapter work with the Graco Snugride Classic Connect 30?
Does this adapter work with the newer Graco Snugride Click Connect?
Does it fit with the SnugRide&Acirc;&reg; Classic Connect&acirc;&#132;&cent; Infant Car Seat original 22?
Does this work with the Vista's made before 2015?
Is this adapter for the 2015 Uppababy Vista?
Will this fit a Cruz?
Does this adapter fit the Britax B Safe car seat? I heard it might and need it for a short visit?
Hi I bought this for the Graco Snug Ride 35 Click Connect car seat and I can't seem to get the car seat in...did I buy the wrong one?
Is this machine washable or dry clean only?
What exactly is the down alternative?
Might seem like a silly question, but what size are the squares? I'm wanting to use this for a pinterest project. :)
What are the dimensions for this duvet?
does this come with a duvet cover?
Is this treated with flame retardants? Does it comply with California Technical Bulletin 117 (TB 117), and have a tag stating so?
is this crib comforter made in the USA?
Is the material thick enough to prevent penetration by cat claws?
Does it help keep your fitted sheet snug? Don't know what I'm doing while I'm sleeping but current pad and sheet constantly come loose.
Is this cover treated with flame retardant chemicals?
How does this item perform with Tempur-Pedic brand memory foam mattresses? Any case interference with the foam's ability to conform? Thanks!
If my mattress is about 12 in deep, will this cover be snug and tight or should I go with the 7-12 in. deep version? Thanks.
Will this fit my 13 Inch king size spring mattress? http://www.amazon.com/dp/B006L8R0T4/r...
Is this the 11" or 13" high?
I need to know if the twin xl is waterproof please. when I mouse over the different sizes some say waterproof others do not mention being waterproof.
ordering this product for a dorm room twin xl mattress. Don't know how thick that mattress will be... but how thick is this product ... do you know if it will fit a standard dorm xl twin mattress? thank you
what kind of proudcts do this package include?
does this set come with a bottle brush? There's no detail of what is included.
best bottles for newborns not being breastfed? what are the best bottles for newborns not being breast fed?
I cannot get the clock itself to work. It just says 12:00 and will not change no matter which button I push. Please help.
Is it appropriate for a 3 year old
Does the "wake" setting last until you turn it off, or does it go off automatically. If I set for 6am - will it still be on if she wakes at 7am?
Is the night light option bright enough to use as a night light?
Is the image visible enough from across the room that my child will be able to see if the bunny is asleep or awake?
Is there a way to set it so that it lights up but doesn't make any sound when you set an alarm?
How to set the Kids Sleep Classic?
what size replacement bulb? one of mine blew out and home depot didn't have the same size
How do I prevent the alarm from making a sound when it goes off. I have set it in the 3rd and 4th positions and it constantly makes the noise.
what are the dimensions of this crib? Is it particularly large?
Does anyone have a copy of the assembly instructions? I need the manual and can't find it online. Thanks!
has anyone converted this to the full size bed? in the 4th picture it doesnt look like its attached to a fram at all. How do I convet to a full? whatk
does it have matching pieces like changing table or dresser?
I'm wondering if this crib is pure white in color or if there is any ivory or cream tint to it? Thanks!
Hi again, I need to convert the crib to a full size bed. What kind of parts that I need to do so. Please let me know.
where can i find the conversion pieces that make this a full bed? do I need a conversion kit to make this the full bed with the head and foot boards?
where i can find the extensions to convert to full bed, please advice
You offer the same exact basket in 3 different colors. My question is "why are they 3 different prices? if you bought 3 bowls all the same size and material just different colors, they would all be the same price.
Are these baskets heavy? As in, could a 3 year old heft it pretty easily?
Will magazines fit well in the basket?
Is this basket better for a diapering station or is it big enough for a laundry basket in a nursery?
I want to fill this with gifts for my sister's baby shower. Can it fit 10 onesies, an infant tub, bath toys, 2 hooded towels, &amp; a bath kneeler?
How wide is this basket?
What are the measurements of the bottom of the basket?
I was hoping to purchase this to use for storage of some papers on my bookshelf. Is it big enough to lay a standard piece of paper flat? (8.5" x 11")
what is the size of these baskets?
What is the height of the basket?
what are the full dimensions for this basket? Length width and height
10 x 8 is the length and the width so how tall are these? thanks!
Since there are three different answers let me ask again, what are the real measurements for the dark brown and the white basket?
Can someone tell me what the actual measurements are, in length, width and height?
What shade of white is this crib?
what size mattress should I buy if I purchase the davinci parker 4 in 1 crib model K5101N plus sheets
what is a good mattress to get that will fit in this crib?
Is it really a full size bed? I really want to know if any full size mattress will fit in it. Thanks!
What are the dimensions of the under the crib storage drawer (with and without the casters)?
This product was manufactured in what country? Is it possible to buy a crib made in the US?
Does this come with a mattress?
Listed under the tech. details it states that the max. weight is 50 lbs. Is the weight restriction stricktly for the crib and not the bed?
Does the changing table come with it, as pictured?
What size mattress fits it?
can you take out the shelves or is it one piece
What is the size of the changing pad so I can buy covers?
Does it come with the white round plugs to fill in the circular holes where the nails go in? Mine did not, but would like to know your reply.
What is the height of this table once assembled?
does the chico keyfit 30 use this adpater?
Does this work with the Graco snug ride CLICK connect...not classic connect?
Which car seat adapter would work with the Graco Snugride 30?
is the adapter compatible with Britax infant carseat?
Can this adapter connect Phils and Teds navigator stroller and maxi cosi mico infant car seat?
Is there another adapter that works for the Snug Ride Click connect?
Has anyone tried the Evenflo Infant seats?
Can you connect the Graco snug ride to the bottom instead of the top? If not, does another model offer this option?
Will this work for a Combi Shuttle 33 car seat?
i have a Graco snug ride 30, is it going to fit ?
The picture shows a changing pad. Is it included with purchase of the table?
The Dimensions on this product read: 40 x 26 x 10 inches. Is it really only 10 inches deep?
So this is solid wood? the description says Made from sustainable wood materials?
How strong, if any, is the off-gassing? We recently bought some new furniture and it still smells unbearably after two weeks of constant ventilation.
Hi you all!. Im wondering if a PLIKO P3 COMPACT stroller fits on this bag. I think so, but I really appreciate if someone can help me to confirm this. Thanks in advance.
Does it fit the Swtich Four stroller? it's just a little bigger than the pliko four.
Hi, I'd like to know if the Peg Perego Pliko P4 Stroller fits in this bag. The folded dimension is 18" x 32.6". Thanks a lot if anyone can confirm it
Hello, I would like to know if the Peg Perego P3 Light Weight One Hand Fold Stroller in Pure Vapor fits in this bag. Thanks
Does this fit a Peg Perego Pliko mini? or should i look for something else? THANKS!
Hello. Does the Peg Perego Book pop up fit in this bag? Thank you.
Im wondering if a Swich Four stroller (Peg Perego) fits on this bag.. Anyone have tried it?
Good afternoon, I would like to know if this bag is for the model Pliko P3 Classic.
Is this stroller bag padded?
Does a Book plus Stroller fit on this bag?
GRACO TURBO BOOSTER SEAT: DOES ANY ONE KNOW HOW THIS WORKS IN THE MIDDLE OF THE BACK SEAT WHERE THERE IS NO SHOULDER HARNESS?
How do you keep a toddler from opening seat belt latches? Any ideas beside stapling him to the seat?
Cleaning this chair: Does the seat have a washable removable cover?
Graco Booster with high back fairy tale: is this seat acually safe if it does not strap to the vehicle?
Graco Safeseat- do the straps adjust like the cheap Snugride? Does that also apply to the Safeseat?
Color? How do you go about choosing the fabric you would like?
can you wash the material part of the seat? With what can you wash the inside of the seat when the material gets dirty?
Grocery carts? One reviewer mentioned the Safe seat did not fit onto a shopping cart like the older models--is this true?
GRACO TURBO BOOSTER SEAT: DOES ANY ONE KNOW HOW THIS WORKS IN THE MIDDLE OF THE BACK SEAT WHERE THERE IS NO SHOULDER HARNESS?
How do you keep a toddler from opening seat belt latches? Any ideas beside stapling him to the seat?
Cleaning this chair: Does the seat have a washable removable cover?
Graco Booster with high back fairy tale: is this seat acually safe if it does not strap to the vehicle?
is this okay for a 10 month old baby
Do this come with a fitted sheet? If not where can I purchase them?
Can the bassinet bumper be removed? Bumpers are a suffocation risk.
How big of a baby would be comfortable sleeping in this? We're looking for a bed for the RV but don't want our baby to grow out of it too fast.
Will mini co-sleeper canopy fit this travel crib? I'm wondering if anyone has tried this canopy or found one that fits the travel crib?
sheet for "betsey" graco travel lite crib w/bassinet: is sheet shown in picture included with graco travel lite crib w/bassinet?
a REAL full size playpen/play yard: Does any one know if they still make these??
Britax seats in Prius? Any recommendations, Brtiax or otherwise?
Britax convertible- best for chubby baby boy? Any recommendations?
roundabout for Newborns? I am wondering about buying a convertible for our newborn. what are other experiences of folks who might have done that?
Does this seat work on an airplane?
Britax Convertible seats and cup holders? If not, does anyone know if there is a compatible accessory for Britax?
velcro? Does anyone know what this is for?
Does this seat make babies hot?
Britax car seat indent damage: Has anyone had a problem of this car seat ripping the cloth?
Britax Roundabout use with Maclaren Frame: Does anyone know if the Britaz Roundabout comes out of its base and can be popped onto the Maclaren Frame?
Expired 2002 Britax Roundabout: I feel like if anything was to ever happen to our child in a crash, I couldnt live with myself for using the old seat, but is it really as dangerous as my first time mother's imagination is making it seem?
Could this be mounted over/around a ceiling beam? Is the height adjustable? To about 10ft or 12ft?
Need a suggestion for hanging in door opening with no molding. Other molding is over 6" and clamp will not fit
Can this model be adapted for ceiling hook?
how to fold
Removable/Washable stroller cover? Can anyone tell me if the covers of Peg-Perego Aria strollers are removable and washable?
Can someone post a photo of this stroller folded up?
How can we purchase just the base? we have this car seat already, but the base is broken.
What is the manufacture year?
Does this fit the Peg Perego Skate stroller system or do I need adapters?
This listing says the item is 22 lbs. However I looked up this model in other websites and they say 11 lbs. Why is that?
Hi, this includes the car base? thanks
Can you connect 2 8 panels together?
Can you make it smaller?
what is the overall length?
Will the plastic scratch hard wood ?
CAN I SET IT UP IN ANY SHAPE
How easy is it to move fold up and move this play yard? Looking to use this while on vacation, and will be moving it inside/outside daily.
Good for dogs?
how easily can this be moved/slide around? would it move less on carpet? I have 10-month-old twins.
We wnat to use this for a new puppy but we have 3 kids (7-10) who likely cannot step over all the time. Would kids be able to use the gate?
does the gate work well
Are they dishwasher Safe?
Can the bottles be used to store the breastmilk in the freezer?
am i correct in assuming the 5oz bottles come with the slow flow nipples and 8oz bottles come with medium flow nipples?
are these rings interchangeable with the ameda bottles?
Can I use the Medela Calma nipples on these bottles?
Are all the bottles (2.7Oz, 5 Oz and 8 Oz) microwave safe ?
Are they glass or plastic?
Can these items be boiled prior to first use to sterilize them?
Are these BPA free?
Can you freeze these bottles with the cap on
Does the chandiler look cheap?
Can this be used outdoors in a gazebo? I might get some water exposure via dripping through the cupola if a large storm comes through
What is the silver wire hanging from the light for?
How long is cord for plug-in installation?
What do you do with the plug-in wire if you hard install it? Can you just cut if off??
does this item work on international 240 volt ??
Has anyone used this with the angel care monitor? I know the monitor doesn't work on all mattress and I would like to know if it works under this one.
Does Natural Mat Coco Mat make twin mattresses?
What kind of organic sheets fit on this mattress? It seems like the height is quite a bit shorter than other mattresses.
Is firmness of this mattress designed for infants or toddlers?
I received this mat with a pretty strong straw smell. Will it disappear? If yes, how long will it take? Is this smell allergy-safe for babies?
Is this coco mattress saturated with latex?
Could someone who has LONG-term experience in using the mattress (more than 2 years) say if there are indentations in the mattress after some years?
What warranty does this mattress have? Has anyone had experience with returning/chaning the mattress under warranty?
Re the waterproof protector that comes with the mattress- since it is made with a thin layer of polyurethane- is it treated with flame retardants?
What is the true dimension of the mattress? I saw one review says it is 27" wide. The crib I got can only fit something that is 27"1/4 wide. 28" will
will it work on padded (upholstered) dining chairs? Anyone know?
How long can I use it: Can this booster do the job?
Will This chair ruin a wooden Dining room chair?
Leather, padded chairs: Has anyone else tried using this chair on leather, padded chairs?
How wide is this? Can anyone tell me how wide the dining chair must be to accommodate this?
FP space saver high chair and washability? Hi just wondered about the seat cover and machine washability?
Has anyone had problems with the motor failing? Has anyone else experienced this same problem?
Which models have AC power adapter? Is that true here?
How do you get the battery compartment open. I just purchased a used swing.
25 pound weight limit accurate? Do you think the weight limit of 25 pounds is accurate?
Battery Life? I was looking at getting the fisher price cradle swing, and I was wondering how long the batteries last?
Short waist belt straps: Does anyone have a problem with the waist belt straps being too short?
Can it be used for newborn baby?
The mobile part makes a clicking noise when spinning, is there way to fix it?
Papasan Cradle Swing: Are there replacement cushions available to buy seperately?
Can an older child use this seat
Does this seat have height adjustments?
Does this seat have enough room for babies with delicious chunky thighs???
Can the baby take out the toy tray?
Can the back rest be removed to be used by a toddler?
How well does it work in a restaurant booth?
Is this chair small enough for a five and half month old who weighs 15 pounds?
Does the tray swing?
Is it possible to use seat on the floor without strapping to a chair? Is it steady on its own?
Does it safely fit on a chair with coushions?
WHAT DOES THE HYPO DO?
is this a walker also
Must babies be able to hold their heads up completely for them to use this? Or will their head be somewhat supported if it's still a tad wobbly?
Can I remove the red bar to disassemble the jumperoo for storage? I'm trying to do it, but no sucess. how do I do it?
Does it fold?
I'd like to wash the seat. Is it removable?
Are the vegetables rattles?.
Some of the pictures show a round base, some show triangluar. I prefer the round base. which is this base? round or.triangle ?
It appears the top is fairly low; will the child hit their head?
can it be disassembled to carry during travel?
I accidentally dropped my only key in the drawer and shut it. Any suggestions on how to get the drawer open without buying another key?
Is the key holder an integral part of the mechanism, or just a handy place to keep the magnet? Is the lock functional without a visible piece of plastic on the outside surface?
i want to use this to keep a cabinet door shut during an earthquake, any thoughts?
medecine cabinet
Does the adhesive come off the doors after you remove the locks?
Is this able to be mounted horizontally? That's the only way it would fit on my cabinets, but not sure the locking mechanism will open that way
Do you need to screw the mechanism into the cabinet? I have an apartment and cannot do so.
How many locks do you receive when you order these? It doesn't say anywhere.
Can it be used on an overhead bin with flipper door?
Do these work well for drawes in tv cabinets (drawers in the middle of tv cabinet)?
Are these bpa free?
Do the lids have any other parts or just the basic molded plastic? I want just basic cups and lids; no extra valves and removalble parts!
Are these cups still made in USA? Lots of baby products now are made in China
are there still 2 oz cups with lids? I used to sell tupperware and i have since lost my set.
Do these cups come with the lids? Or are they just the cups?
are these the domed lids?
Are the slots in the spout too small to allow thicker drinks, such as smoothies, to flow easily?
Are the tupperware tumblers made in USA?
safety 1st alpha fit?
This may be a silly question, but does it also fit the base of the convertible car seat - or just the convertible car SEAT itself?
Does this have straps to make it a backpack, too?
will this fit the maxi csi pria 70 convertible car seat?
Will a rear facing infant car seat and base fit?
Will this bag hold a Combi Cocorro?
Does it wheel well?
Does this fit the Graco MySize70/Size4me70/Headwise?
Does it fit Chicco Next Fit (not infant but convertible carseat) with the base?
Will a Graco 5-in-1 Smart Seat fit in this travel bag?
Is this carrier for an infant? What are the upper weight restrictions?
I'm a guy that's about 5'11 200lbs, any advice of how this will fit? Wife bought the Chicco Coda and it's so tight I barely could even breathe in it.
Just received this as a gift, but it's got a pretty awful "new" smell. Any suggestions to get this smell out?
Which is better, cotton or mesh? Is there a benefit to one over the other?
How do tall people like this product? I am 6'3" tall and am interested in purchasing it
How do tall people like this product? I am 6'3" tall am curious.
I wonder if I could let infant lay down by using this carrier?
Does the hard plastic buckle near crotch hurt baby? Got this as a gift and not sure why they designed the buckle to be there...it seems painful?
How well does the mesh material wear over time?
I'm a guy that's about 5'11 200lbs, any advice of how this will fit? Wife bought the Chicco Coda and it's so tight I barely could even breathe in it.
where can i get fitted sheets to fit the baby bjorn travel crib light? any suggestions?
Baby Bjorn Travel Crib - what age can you use it to - or what height child???
Can I use this at home instead of a bassinet for my newborn?
BabyBjorn for newborns? Is the mattress too soft? I was going to have my newborn sleep in this full time until we move. Is the mattress too soft?
Does this fit a standard crib mattress? Any suggestion?
Can it withstand toddler jumping? Can this withstand a toddler jumping up and down??
Is this crib bigger then a portable crib
Is it possible to push this over while standing inside? Woke up to my little guy (18mo 90%) trying to push it over and getting 2 feet of the ground.
My daughter is very tall. She is 2 1/2 and is approx 38in tall. Will she be too tall to lay down comfortably? Will her feet touch ends?
What is difference between the Baby Bjorn Travel Crib and BBTC 2? I notice a height difference of 2 inches, is one better than the other?
Graco Safeseat- do the straps adjust like the cheap Snugride? Does that also apply to the Safeseat?
Color? How do you go about choosing the fabric you would like?
can you wash the material part of the seat? With what can you wash the inside of the seat when the material gets dirty?
Grocery carts? One reviewer mentioned the Safe seat did not fit onto a shopping cart like the older models--is this true?
Graco Safeseat- do the straps adjust like the cheap Snugride? Does that also apply to the Safeseat?
Color? How do you go about choosing the fabric you would like?
can you wash the material part of the seat? With what can you wash the inside of the seat when the material gets dirty?
Grocery carts? One reviewer mentioned the Safe seat did not fit onto a shopping cart like the older models--is this true?
Does this fit G-Luxe? Manito Elegance Plus Stroller Weather Shield / Rain Cover?
Does this fit G-Luxe? http://www.amazon.com/Jeep-Deluxe-Str...
does this fit the chicco liteway plus
what is the sizing of seat Depth, Seat to Footwell, Seat Back Height and Handle Height to Floor ?
Has the seat length to canopy been fixed? The reviews that mention this are all over a year old.
Is the seat comfortable for the child (meaning plenty of padding?)
Can canopy be removed? I need a stroller for 60 lb/4 ft boy. Hes probably too tall to use with canopy.
Would it fit a child that is 44" tall? Would it be ridiculously big to drag on and off the bus at Disney World?
Is this stroller good for running long distances? Would I be better off buying the BOB Revolution? Thank you!
What bug net will fit this?
What would be the best way to clean this stroller?
What is the maximum height for a child sitting in stroller? Will visor still work with taller children?
Hoping to jog with this as my first jogging stroller. Is there a wrist strap? I see there is no hand brake. How important are these features?
Is this a set of 4?
My daughter has ALOT of toys, a pop up spongebob thing, a purple plastic tote and a small red pop up basket and im running over those LOL, will these 4 hold all of this?
diameter
Does it have a zippered lid
What colors are these? It looks like Blue, Lime Green, Orange and is the other one Red or Dark Pink?
Can you push one side down, to create sort of a backboard? Imagine it as a nerf ball target, where with one side slightly higher, it would help.
Would these work well as laundry baskets?
i would like to know how does it comes? its a small pack? do you have photos to the item closed?
Do these have a zipper closure on the top?
Do these have a zipper closure on the top?
Is it just a cover? The 2nd illustration shows a mattress
Will this cover fit a 18x33inch, oval bassinet mattress? I have summer infant bassinet
will this cover fit the caribou classic bassinet mattress that comes with the caribou bassinet?
Is it oval shaped like the bassinet. I want to double it with the thin pad I already have. Thanks.
does it fit the arms reach co-sleeper?
my bassinet is 27" by 12"will this bassinet pad fit it and it is also rectangle in shape not oval at corners
Will these stand on their own on a table?
What are the colors of the ribbon??
Can I paint over the letter, or is there a finish on it?
Can these letters stand on their own?
Can you tell me where these are made?
Is the grab bar removable?
Can you put carseats on this stroller
can i place a baby car seat on one side of this stroller?
Is the total weight 40# or 40# per child?
will this stroller take a 2 year old and a 4 year old? the eldest will weight no more than 40lbs?
i am needing to buy a replacement red folding latch, is this possible?
All the pictures and prices are different but the description is the same. do all colors come with the bar and storage below?
What is the width (approx) when opened? Does it fit well through a standard doorway?
Can you keep the bar off, if you need to? Thanks in advance,
Does it really fit through doors? There are just as many reviews saying it does as those saying it doesn't at all. Thanks!
I need to replace the bag my blocks came in. Any suggestions where I can purchase just the bag?
I want to get these blocks for the bath tub. Anyone have any clue on what to use/ where to buy a floating board?
For those who have used them in the tub, do they stick to the tile walls at all? I had a set as a kid that did &amp; am looking for a set for my nieces
what are the sizes of these blocks?
these look like a lighter shade of blue,green yellow red am I right?
hi how big are they and what colors do we get?
Can they be bitten apart?
Can these blocks be cut in half?
Can this blocks be cut in half?
I want to use these blocks in the bathtub. Any problems with mold if they do not dry completely after use?
do these balls come already inflated or do i have to inflate them myself?
Have you tried this as a dog toy? Is it durable?
Do these balls have a lot of give/flex/softness to them? Can it hold up to the weight of an adult, under their back while lying down? Thanks!
how big are they?
Whether these balls light up while rolling?
breast milk in a bottle: when i pull a bottle out of the fridge, warm it up and baby doesn't finish it.. can i put it back in the fridge and reuse?
How wide is door?
The gate is advertised as 36" tall, but at what height are the upper mounting points? My banister is only 35" tall.
How large are the wide openings at the bottom of the gate? I have cats and don't want them to slip through.
What is the width of the walk through gate itself (the opening the people walk through)?
What is the distance between the bars please?
This gate only swings open one way? Or both ways?
Mine does not automatically shut, ever, and it also does not require use of the button on top to open it. Is there something wrong with it?
Do the mounting knobs adjust enough to account for baseboards? Our opening is an inch or two narrower at the bottom than the top.
Can additional sections be ordered so the gate can be used in a wider space?
I need the gate to fit a 54 inch opening. How wide is it with all the extensions in place?
Does the straw reach the bottom of the cup?
Does it leak ??
Is the cup a dual-use cup? a sippy cup and a straw cup?
i want buy a nuby cup, how can i choice orange color?
can I ask for boy colors? I have ordered from other sellers and gotten pink.. I want colors suitable for boys.. Thank you
Is this cup completely BPA free? Amazon says it is but one of the reviewers says it isn't.
Does the handle piece separate from the actual cup for cleaning?
What is the best way to clean inside the flexi straw part? I am using the cup for milk so I want to be sure to clean the straw properly.
is this jacket good for a 11 month old
Does it have a harness loop on the back to put a tether to a jackline?
What type is it I , II, OR III? I believe theat would be the most important detail when purchasing a life saving devise for your child.
size: what size for a 7 year old boy?
What is the age range for this gift?
what are the tunes
Does it play the entire piece or just a segment of it ?
Baby Einstein Takealong Tunes...Is it TOXIC? Does this mean that I can use it in the water teh same as when I am huntimng on the sand.
Is it supposed to be this quiet? I'm thinking there must be something wrong because with it so quiet on the loud setting, what would one need an even quieter setting?
does it play continously? no batteries...what makes it play
Age
But what battery(s) does it use?? Why the secrecy about this?
What is age
The product description say "NO" under batteries required, I assume this is not correct. What size and how many?
what' difference between duo and duo deluxe
Can you use it as a backpack?
Does the stroller ever fall over with the bag attached? And how well does this fit in the undercarriage of a single stroller?
Does the main compartment have any type of closure? What if it falls over? Also, does it stand up on its own? Thanks!
Do you own this in addition to the skip hop pronto changing station?
I ordered the duo deluxe bag in black. It did not come with a changing pad and says it's the "duo essential" on its tag. Did I get the wrong product?
Can I use this bag for double umbrella stroller?
Is it easy to clean? Wipeable material?
How is the teal color in person? Would it still be good for a dad or too girly? Deciding between Teal, black or charcoal for us.
what' difference between duo and duo deluxe
Can you use it as a backpack?
Does the stroller ever fall over with the bag attached? And how well does this fit in the undercarriage of a single stroller?
Does the main compartment have any type of closure? What if it falls over? Also, does it stand up on its own? Thanks!
Do you own this in addition to the skip hop pronto changing station?
I ordered the duo deluxe bag in black. It did not come with a changing pad and says it's the "duo essential" on its tag. Did I get the wrong product?
Can I use this bag for double umbrella stroller?
Is it easy to clean? Wipeable material?
How is the teal color in person? Would it still be good for a dad or too girly? Deciding between Teal, black or charcoal for us.
what' difference between duo and duo deluxe
Can you use it as a backpack?
Does the stroller ever fall over with the bag attached? And how well does this fit in the undercarriage of a single stroller?
Does the main compartment have any type of closure? What if it falls over? Also, does it stand up on its own? Thanks!
Do you own this in addition to the skip hop pronto changing station?
I ordered the duo deluxe bag in black. It did not come with a changing pad and says it's the "duo essential" on its tag. Did I get the wrong product?
Can I use this bag for double umbrella stroller?
Is it easy to clean? Wipeable material?
How is the teal color in person? Would it still be good for a dad or too girly? Deciding between Teal, black or charcoal for us.
Does this fit on a 24" x 38"? mini crib?
Does this fit a cot bed of 148 cm by 78cm?
Does this bumper have bottom ties?
Is the ecru color yellowish, or like muslin, a light khaki--more like unbleached cotton?
Can this bag be clipped on to a single stroller?
Can this bag be used with an inline double stroller (Vista 2015) with handlebar width of 18 inches?
Is the black bag red inside?
I this bigger than the Grand Central?
Does this bag have insulated bottle holders?
What material is the changing pad? I want to make sure it isn't fabric. Thanks!
i want to use this for a work bag ( I have lots of stuff); is it too big and bulky for that?
how long are the straps? I don't want it hanging down low--I hope it is like a regular tote.
does the main compartment zipper close? Are the side pockets big enough for water bottles for mom? what is the deal on those front pockets?
Do any of the inside pockets have zippers?
It will work on "Graco FastAction Fold Sport Stroller Click Connect Travel System, Gotham" ? Thanks!
Will this work with a Baby Trend single jogging stroller (3 wheel) Expedition?
Will it work with Graco Aire3?
Will it work with Graco Aire3?
Will it work on a Jeep Liberty All Terrain stroller?
Will this work with the City Mini GT?
Do you think this will fit the Baby Trend Liberty Jogger?
Anyone use this on the BabyJogger City Lite stroller?
One of the negative reviews mentioned this cover didn't have ventilation slits/holes. This probably sounds dumb, but can a baby breathe ok in this?
Will this work with a Baby Trend single jogging stroller?
Does this fit with a regular citi mini single stroller? (not GT version) Does it fit with the double citi mini gt? Can you fold it up when not in use?
Does this fit the Britax B ready stroller? Thank you!
Will it fit a Britax B Agile Stroller?
Does it fit the Jeep Urban Terrain Stroller?
can you still fold the valco snap with this attached?
Does it fit a double stroller
Does this interfere with pushing the stroller? I have a baby jogger city select and i hate the ride on because its in my and the rear seats way!
does it come with a seat
Has anyone tried this with the Chicco Double Stroller?
Can the child sit on this board as well as stand? Also, any idea if it would fit an InStep Safari in-line double jogger?
i am a size 36 d what size nipple sheld should i get
Better to be really snug fit around nipple or have a little extra room in there? Tried on two sizes, not sure which to get more of.
For those of you with flat nipples, were you able to wean off the nipple shield? If so, when and how did you do it?
Are these hard or soft flexible shields?
help with let down?
Anyone know where to find a face to face stroller? Anyone know where I can find one that faces inward?
Evenflo X Sport Convenience Stroller and younger baby: Has anyone used this stroller for a child in this age range?
How does this stroller fold? Can someone please tell me whether this stroller folds up like typical umbrella strollers, or does it just fold in half?
Manufacturer date: Is the manufacturer date after December 2008 when they corrected a manufacturer defect that allows the seat to crack in an accident?
What is the difference between the Triumph Advance DLX and Triumph Advance LX?
Will this seat fit in a honda civic? Anyone know if it will fit?
Does the top changing pad part come off? Just wondering about when they are done with diapers. Can it come off or is it attached?
i am confused by the changing pad explanation. what size changing pad can i put on top?
changing pad size
Just want to make sure re what size changing pad fits in there - is it inconvenient not having room for things on top like wipes?
Can the crib be converted into a kid's bed (twin or full) if I buy additional pieces? Thanks!
What is the highest a 6 inch mattress would stands at the daybed setting? Thinking of using it as a cosleeper.
What is the lowest height the crib can be adjusted to?
Is the mattress height adjustable? Can it be raised?
I'm very interested to know how DEEP are the drawers...what are the dimensions? I want to make sure they're not very shallow.
When pulled out, how far does the drawer extend beyond the crib? Wondering if it will work with my particular room layout.
What is the measurement of the boxes it ship in?
what length crib skirt would fit this crib?
Did anybody else have a hard time installing the drawer? I ended up leaving out and it has been fine.
What color is the toddler rail: white or espresso?
Is this the "gum drop" from Hawaii medical, I don't want the new "jolly pop"? Thank you
may i ask what meaning of full term? from 3month and up when ? thanks
Is there an unscented option?
Is this made by Hawaii Medical or another company? And is this product BPA-free?
How many trays and lids come with this order? The sensible lines website sells 2 trays and 2 lids for $21.95.
are the baby food trays any different than the breast milk trays?
How long are the 1 oz sticks?
Has anyone used to store homemade babyfood?
I'm concerned about using these at daycare. With my first child, they just thawed the bags that they needed for the day in the fridge and what wasn't used was used the next day. I'm not sure how they would thaw these sticks for a day's worth of milk at...
Has anyone using this product mass stored breastmilk? With my 1st child I used milk bags and I had months stored up. I was just wondering if there were any problems.
Is this the exact same product as http://amzn.com/B001OIVDE4 ?
What's the difference between this and a bidet sprayer?
Does this product also have a toilet bowl mount?
Does this have a shut off valve so my toddler can't soak the bathroom floor if she tries to play with it?
My hi-rise apt bldg has commercial-like toilets (without tank + std. residential plumbing) - how do I connect? Can I connect to sink H2O just 2' away?
Is this product worth it if baby is already on solids and their poop is more solid? Or best for the 'runnier' breastmilk poop?
Is this product worth it if baby is already on solids and their poop is more solid? Or best for the 'runnier' breastmilk poop?
can you turn down the "mic" volume so that it doesn't pick up every tiny sound?
does anyone know if I am able to buy the battery pack and dc adaptor cord for this unit? We have the monitor, but not cord for parent unit
why is my monitor too loud
Can you have two of these monitors in the same house without them interfering with each other?
I like being able to hear everything that goes on in my baby's room. Can you clearly hear all background noises (e.g., wave machines, etc.)?
Does the baby unit have to be plugged in or does it run on battery?
is this baby monitor dual voltage? can it be used in europe and asia where its 220V? thanks
Is this for the whole set pictured or just for the ramp? It is unclear.
After having these for a while, do you kids still enjoy playing with them?
Can you add pieces to this set? I would like to add a step to it; could it be combined with the Foamnasium soft play forms?
How many pieces come with this?
would this set be at all worth it for a 5 and 7 year old to use in their American Ninja Warrior obstacle course creations?!
What are the sizes of the other pieces? I only see the ramp size listed.
how do you keep these from sliding around? my 8 month old pushes them around as he is trying to climb on them. we have carpet and hardwood floors
Fit a Graco Carseat?? Can anyone tell me if you can sit a Graco carseat on it?
fit chicco keyfit 30 carseat? does this fit the chicco carseat?
Carseat safe in stroller? Any suggestions????
storage really that small? I saw that some reviewers said their diaper bags won't fit in the storage baskets..they don't list any measurements though, exactly how small are these?
Parent Cup Holder: Has anyone found a parent cup holder that fits this stroller?
Fit a Graco Carseat?? Can anyone tell me if you can sit a Graco carseat on it?
fit chicco keyfit 30 carseat? does this fit the chicco carseat?
Carseat safe in stroller? Any suggestions????
storage really that small? I saw that some reviewers said their diaper bags won't fit in the storage baskets..they don't list any measurements though, exactly how small are these?
Parent Cup Holder: Has anyone found a parent cup holder that fits this stroller?
OK...What am I missing? How do you get these creatures to fly???
who makes the officially licensed flying monkey??
Why does the monkey sound like a pig oinking ?
Do you have all these in stock for immediate shipping?
can they be used as a dog toy?
Would this be a good toy for a 4 year old
Was it helpful in eliminating bubbles/foam? We use Similac Sensitive and shaking bottles cause foam which negates the point of helping with gas.
Where do you put the adjustable locking ring? Direction on how to adjust it based on how much formula you are mixing would be helpful
how does this mixer work? is it a hand mixer or motor?
Is this Glass? If not do you know where there is a similar item that is glass?
Can you sterilize this? What is the number (generally within a triangle) written at the bottom?
Is the Ergo sold by amazon a fake? Not from third party sellers, but amazon directly?
How often do you use the hip &amp; back carry position? Is it comfortable for baby and mom in that position?
I've got a 23lb 10 month old - is it worth it to make this purchase?
I just got an Ergobaby Camel color. Any of you have washed it before? I am wondering if it will be hard to clean it since is such a light color. Tks!
how does the Ergo really fit with a 30-35 lb toddler?
How big is this for the parent? I'm a big girl 250 when I found out I was pregnant. Is this going to fit around my waist comfortably too?
Is this carrier easy to put on alone? Or is help required to get it strapped on...?
Has anyone bought a Ergo-baby that IS genuine? What about the ones that actually ship from Amazon and not other sellers?
Will the Desitin Jar 16oz fit in one of the side compartiments?
Will jars of aquaphor or triple paste fit into the side components? I like the idea of it but I hate the tubes of diaper cream and ointments.
Dimensions? The listing says 11x12x3, but that doesn't seem right...
I have a Dex Products wipe warmer that is about 9-10 inches long. Would it fit on top of this organizer?
Where do you purchase the scented diaper bags when they run out?
Does it come with the wipes dispenser?
Does this work well with cloth diapers ?
Only want in green. Will the one I order be green?
does it include the wipe warmer ???
how does it recline?
I am looking for is a seat that reclines for a 4-month old to sit in front of the TV and feed him...thought this might work. Does anyone think it wil?
Does this chair recline enough for a newborn baby?
I am looking to use this for my 5 1/2 month old granddaughter..I would like to use it without the tray at the table. Has anyone done this.
Where do you put this seat to recline it for a newborn? I'm confused because if it is strapped to the kitchen chair there would not be room to recline
Are there a bunch of crevices under the pad where food can get stuck?
Our chairs do not have slots in the back. There is a space between the bottom and the back rest, but no slots. Will this still work?
I just bought this seat and the back won't click into place either. What's the trick?
how to disassemble it
Is the "mat" with all the pictures on the tray removeable, so the tray will be plain?
what size of a parcel?
What is the assembled dimentions?
How is the quality of the bed compared to DaVinci Sleigh Toddler Bed ?
can i use batteries for pump?
I am wondering btw the metro bag and the backpack. Which would be easier to carry while wearing a pocketbook and carrying 2 other bags?
Can this pump be used as a single pump (one breast at a time) or do you have to pump both breasts every time you pump?
Did anyone use their FSA to purchase this pump through amazon?
if I'm debating between the tote bag or the metro bag which would you recommend?
Warranty: What does it cover and for how long? I want to buy now w/FSA funds but may not use it for a year - warranty may expire before I even try it?
Are there adaptors/plugs available for New Zealand or Australian voltage? If so, how do we purchase them?
How loud is the motor on this pump? For example, is this whisper quiet, can you hear it through a closed door, etc.
Does this kit include the 4 nipple, collars and caps? I have read this same bag desciption on different sites and these parts are included.
Can this pump be used with plastic bags as well as bottles?
Backpack vs. Tote vs. Metro Bag? Which Medela PISA bag would be the best for my purposes?
Can the electric motor be removed? I have the on the go tote and like that style bag better, but the pump needs to be replaced. This backpack is cheaper, so wondering if I could take the pump motor out and place it in the tote.
It was ok with the space on the backpack?
Does the cooler fit inside the bag?
I am debating between buying backpack and Metro Bag. I am wondering which is easier to carry? I will be carrying a pocketbook, and 2 other bags.
Does this come with a bustier? If not, which do you use? Anyone familiar with Medela Easy Expression bustier?
what is included with purchase?
is this a double electric breast pump?
can you ship to the Philippines?
Will this except a standard size bottle, such as the glass evenflo?
I need a 9v adapter for my pump, however, my car lighter receptacle says 12v...will it work or mess up my pump? Will appreciate any feedback. Thanx!
is it as powerful as when plugged into the wall?
Can you please clarify how I know whether I need the 9 volt or 12 volt charger? Is it based on the pump or my car? Thank you!
Will this work with the Medela Swing?
I have a PISA as well as a Personal Double Pump (through insurance). Will this work for the Personal Double Pump?
Does this adapter work with the pump in style advanced pump??
Is this an authentic Medela car adapter?
Does anyone know if any of the Car Adapters work with the Advanced Personal Double Pump System, Model Number 57065?
is there compatibility with Bob Strollers????
does this fit on the uppababy gl-uxe
Is the UPPAbaby "PiggyBack Ride Along Board" compatible with the UPPAbaby G-Luxe stroller, or only the Visa?
Has anyone gate checked their Vista with this Piggyback board attached?
is this compatible with the 2015 uppababy vista?
is this complatible with the 2012 vista
does this work with uppababy cruz 2015?
Does it fit with the stroller in the vista travel bag?
does this work on the Cruz
is it compatible with maclaren strollers?
Price difference: Fisher-Price Zen Collection Cradle Swing Has anyone noticed the $100 price difference if you order this from Amazon?
Does the seat do anything when not attached to the motor? Like, bounce, move, anything?
does the removable cradle vibrate?
Does the swing come with the adapter or not? I read conflicting feedback.
can we remove blanket...if we do not want it?
I am a bit confused about the noise of this swing. It is anything other than "quiet". Is there a trick to it?
Is the button to change the speed manual/loud for a sleeping baby?
How old was your baby when they outgrew this swing?
Does this swing have any kind of restraint or harness? Or is the blanket the only thing keeping baby from falling out?
Can the feet be taken off the seat so I can use it just as a seeing and eliminate some bulk? Thanks.
I need additional sheets for the mattress, what kind fits?
I need to purchase bassinet sheets for this, do you sale them?
For those of you that have this bassinet, do you think it would fit twins?
I have the unit but I want to change the bedding. Any ideas?
Price
Can you dry clean the netting and bassinet skirt?
Medela Pump Compatible? Can you pump directly into these bags from the Medela system?
whats in the box? what all comes in the box
When were these discontinued? Does anyone know if Playtex will make a product to replace this discontinued one?
does this come with a pump?
Is this compatible with the Hygeia Enjoye pump? The Hygeia pump base that connects to a bottle is wider than the Medela pump.
I will be babysitting my new grandson Will she pump into the liner and bring the whole bottle or just liner What would be the best way of transporting
Compatibility with Avent pump? Will this storage system work with an Avent pump?
Are these the flexible freezer bags, or the bottle shaped plastic drop ins?
Does anyone know yet if these will work with the Hygeia Enjoye electric pump? I tried but can't get an answer from Hygeia or Playtex.
Can you freeze the milk in the drop-in bags? Are the bags sturdy enough that it won't leak? And is there a way to label the milk?
Does this have the new buckle after the recall?
Can my 16 month old use the Graco Nautilus 3-in-1 car seat? Ive been reading some reviews and ppl are stressing not to use this car seat till your child is 3 yrs old but my child defiently fits the weight limit and height reqirements so I dont know...
Can I use the car seat on a car which does not have a latch system?
What is the padding like on the bottom, going for a 16 hour road trip? Thanks!
Would you recommend using at 1 years, forwards? Now son is 10 months, 20lbs and 30in...I wonder how soon I could convert directly to this - thoughts?
Recline Problem? Does this seem to be an issue that anyone else is having?
when my baby is sleepign his neck falls with the car movement, did i made a bad choice or a seat bad position?, it does not enought recline
What is the measurement from the back of the seat to the crotch buckle?
I don't see the max height this seat will accommodate, anyone know? My grandson is 11mos. and 32" tall and has outgrown his Graco SnugRide.
how to fit three children safely in the back seat? or any idea about other car seats?
Can this shade fit Diono car seats?
I'm assuming this would fit my daughter's Chicco Nextfit, but would this fit my son's Britax Frontier 85 or his Harmony Defender (High back boosters)?
Will this fit: Mygraco 65 or Britax infant seat?
what is the maximun length can it stretch? I have Clek Oober booster seats with backseat, will this sun shade fit the oober booster seat by Clek?
What is the material? Does anyone know what type of material/fabric this is made with?
will this fit on a Chicco Nextfit? I saw a similar question, but didn't confirm if it does. Thank you.
Graco Safeseat- do the straps adjust like the cheap Snugride? Does that also apply to the Safeseat?
Color? How do you go about choosing the fabric you would like?
can you wash the material part of the seat? With what can you wash the inside of the seat when the material gets dirty?
Grocery carts? One reviewer mentioned the Safe seat did not fit onto a shopping cart like the older models--is this true?
Is this cup BPA free?
My son is bottle fed, would this be a good cup for him to learn with? I'd like to avoid sippy cups.
How many ounces does it hold?
Measurements? I was wondering if anyone has the actual opening measurements of the toddler seat?
Can this be used for 1 1/2 year old with a stool? or is it to big?
Does this have top mounting hinges or doesn't it need to be screwed in from the bottom to fit the toilet?
Is this the same as this onehttp://www.amazon.com/Progressions...
How well does this seat work for little boys sitting down? Do they end up spraying though and getting the floor and their clothes all wet?
Any idea if there is any difference between this seat and the Progressions JA-2800 Combination Toilet Seat? T
Does this system come with both matresses?!
Why not give me a mattress?
Does the Stokke Sleep System include the matresses, or do those have to be purchased seperately?
what is the difference between Stokke Sleepi Crib prived $750 and Sleepi System priced $930?
Does it have a sticker proving is FAA approved?
Why has this item been "discontinued by manufacturer"?
Can I use this with my 18 month old child who is ~28lbs? Or should I use a full car seat?
Will it work for First Class seat? Seats are a bit larger, is there a lot of slack in the harness. 2.3 yr old petite @28 lbs :) thanks!
My child is 10 months old but weighs 22 pounds and is 28" tall. Any reason I cannot use this for her?
My son is four years old, 35 pounds but 42 inches tall. Can he still use this even though he is two inches over the 40 inch cut off?
I will be traveling on a 787 Dreamliner. Does anybody have experience using this system on this plane? I do not want the strap to obstruct trays or screens behind me.
We are flying from NY to Australia with a 2 kids, will the harness interfere with the other passengers tray tables on Qantas planes?
Many say kid slips out the bottom without a workaround. Is this true? If so how is this safer than just going as a lap child?
Does this harness work if you're sitting in the back seat? I know you have to put in tray behind your child's seat...thank you!
I've been washing these along with my cloth diapers and they are getting rough and scratchy! I'm very surprised! Anyone else have this happen?
What are the dimentions of the flannel wipes
What are these wipes made of? 100% cotton?
Can you use these for washcloths, too, or only for wipes? They seem very soft!
What are the actual measurements of the wipes?
Graco Safeseat- do the straps adjust like the cheap Snugride? Does that also apply to the Safeseat?
Color? How do you go about choosing the fabric you would like?
can you wash the material part of the seat? With what can you wash the inside of the seat when the material gets dirty?
Grocery carts? One reviewer mentioned the Safe seat did not fit onto a shopping cart like the older models--is this true?
Can someone tell me if this set is a true white color? I don't want an off white or ivory color.
Pls will this fit a mothercare cot bed?
I have a convertible crib (baby and toddler bed). Will the bumper fit it all the way around. How long is bumper?
Is the sheet 100% cotton? How about the comforter?
do you ship to malaysia and how much is the shipping cost?
Is it 100% cotton?
How long is the valance?
would this set fit a portable/mini crib apparently the sheets have to fit a 28 x35 mattress which is smaller than a standard matress
how long are is the valance?
How can I get the musical mobile
does it come with the frog ?
please does cribs set come with the wooden frames?
what material is used? is it 100% cotton?
What are the dimensions of the crib quilt?
does come with mattress
where can i buy a soho frog mobile for my baby boy crib
Does this come with the mobile?
Did it come with diaper bag and other things listed in description?
Will this bedding set fit a mini/portable crib?
Graco Safeseat- do the straps adjust like the cheap Snugride? Does that also apply to the Safeseat?
Color? How do you go about choosing the fabric you would like?
can you wash the material part of the seat? With what can you wash the inside of the seat when the material gets dirty?
Grocery carts? One reviewer mentioned the Safe seat did not fit onto a shopping cart like the older models--is this true?
Could you please tell me is it high quality?? has it any guarantee that it will not be damaged after 1 month. I want to use it for kids classroom ??
Why is this recommended for children of 3yrs +? Why not younger children?
do they contain formamide ingredient?
overall size
how many would you recommend to cover a 9 x 10 floor?
How have the mats held up for any sharp objects? I want to use it for puppies playing on them so they don't slip and easy cleanup but they have claws.
how many would you recommend to cover a 3.5 x 4 floor?
Do these squares interlock with similar squares from other brands? In particular, I have a set from Lowe's that I would like to expand. Thanks.
we're using these as temporary padding for our kids until we finish our basement. Will these hold up to having furniture (sectional) set on top of it?
My garage is a 20 x 20 how many orders of the 6 mats will I have too buy
Do they have a different backing so the shirt doesn't get wet?
would they fit a 10 month old?
what colors are these? Aside from the pink and chocolate, hard to tell if that is gray or green
Does this work on a Graco?
Does this work well on a Mc Laren quest, or mc Laren Quest Sport Stroller?
Will this connect on a Single BOB?
Can you use this on a jogger stroller and be able to job or would it be in the way??
Weight limit?
Does this work well on the Uppababy Vista?
Whats the difference between the Graco SnugRide and Graco SafeSeat infant car seats? Can anyone tell me the difference between the Graco SnugRide and the Graco SafeSeat infant car seats?
Graco Snugride Platinum - adjusts at front or back? Can anyone tell me if the Graco Snugride Platinum harness straps adjust at the front of the car seat?
The car seat and base are both included, right?
wrong pic: is it just me or does the picture of the seat say safe seat, not snugRide, and has anyone actually seen this seat in this color possibly with a matching stroller???
Question about the brentwood version of the snugride: Does the brentwood version have the front adjustment strap?
Where are the straps for adjusting the harness; do they come out at the front for easy adjustments or are they difficult to reach?
Does this carseat come with the base or is it purchased separately?
does this car seat come with the car seat base or I av to purchase it separately
Can this seat be installed in a car WITHOUT the base?
Is the level indicator on the base or the seat itself?
how many edamame seeds are in a package (1/2 oz)?
Are these a type of climbing plant, such as string beans?
Do these come coated in inoculant?
Planting the Soybeans: When should you plant the seeds??
Can it be rolled up without the pieces coming apart?
does it hold up in a classroom
What colors are in the mat? It looks like pink, orange, yellow, blue, turquoise, and purple to me
how long is it? 6x6 feet or 25 x 24.7 inches?
36 ft how money sq
anyone knows where does this made from? Does anyone know is it BPA free mat?
does this contain the complete alphabet?
Does this mat contain formamide?
Would two 2 year olds and two 3 year olds fit in this comfortably?
Is there enough room to seat two 4 yr olds, 2 yr old and 1 yr old? Would removing the front canopy provide more room?
Will this fit in the rear of a Honda pilot (8 passenger vehicle)? I want to order this for my daycare, but we go on lots of trips, so I would need something that could fit comfortably.
Does it fit into an elevator?
What vehicles do you all have that this can fit in the back cargo space of?
Are either of the canopies removable?
I have a 2000 Honda Odyssey would it fit in the back?
Does this stroller accommodate any infant car seats? I saw that it would not take 4, but could you set 1 in one of the seats?
Do you know where we can purchase a rain cover/ weather shield for this stroller? Thanks!
The product description said that the Maximum weight recommendation is 39.7 pounds, Its that per sit?
Can this be used as a closet to hang clothes? or shelves only?
in the picture it shows 5 shelves behind the door is there 5 or 1 like i seen in one of the questions?
Does the door latch properly or will my toddler be able to open it easily?
There is one fixed shelf behind the door, what are the dimensions above it and below it?
Could this be painted?
Is the back cardboard or heavier? I need to cut a small whole (without tools) so I can put an electric cord through the back.
What are the dimensions?
Is this product actually white or vanilla cream? The descriptions have me totally confused. Thanks for your help!
Is this made with fire retardants?
My crib has solid sides on the short ends and slats on the long sides. Will this bumper attach or does it need all four slatted sides?
What are the dimensions? Length, width and height?
How thick is it?
How "padded" is this liner? My baby moves a lot and bumps her head on the slates of the crib. I want to protect her head.
Will this work on a crib that has the ability to lower one side? ie: the front side lowers to reach baby easier then raises and locks in place.
it is imported. Where has it been made?
Why does the product say to stop using it when your baby can sit up? I don't want him to climb out so wondering if benefit is better than risk.
Does it work for a round crib?
Will the sides collapse all the way down? Trying to stop my 20 month old from climbing out. The decorative bumper we have now seems to be a step for h
Is this made with fire retardants?
My crib has solid sides on the short ends and slats on the long sides. Will this bumper attach or does it need all four slatted sides?
What are the dimensions? Length, width and height?
How thick is it?
How "padded" is this liner? My baby moves a lot and bumps her head on the slates of the crib. I want to protect her head.
Will this work on a crib that has the ability to lower one side? ie: the front side lowers to reach baby easier then raises and locks in place.
it is imported. Where has it been made?
Why does the product say to stop using it when your baby can sit up? I don't want him to climb out so wondering if benefit is better than risk.
Does it work for a round crib?
Will the sides collapse all the way down? Trying to stop my 20 month old from climbing out. The decorative bumper we have now seems to be a step for h
Do straws that come with toddler cups fall through the openings? I have a basket already but the straws fall through the holes.
What's the difference between the infant vs. toddler versions?
does it have to be used on the top rack only
I don't see any baskets for the bottles themselves. Without a basket, seems like the bottles wouldn't stay in place, even in the upper rack. Insights?
Is this BPA and Phthalate free?
How high does it boost the child?
Are the harness straps removeable?
What is the height at the front of the chair? I have an 8 inch clearing and want to see if I will be able to put my son's legs under the table.
Are the straps removable for cleaning?
3 year
What is the minimum age range for using this seat?
How high does it boost the child?
Are the harness straps removeable?
What is the height at the front of the chair? I have an 8 inch clearing and want to see if I will be able to put my son's legs under the table.
Are the straps removable for cleaning?
3 year
What is the minimum age range for using this seat?
hi is it in scarlet red? the picture shows it to be of another colour.
Which colors do you have? thanks
Do you still have it in blue sky?
Is it just a pillow, or head support for an infant?
Does this work on the Maclaren Quest?
Do you ship to UK?
what is the difference between the freestyle and the pump in style versions?
A lot of reviews complain about lack of power due to the battery, can this be solved by keeping it plugged in the outlet?
Can you pump one breast at a time with this pump?
does it come with the removable cooler carrier and ice pack? It's in the picture but not included in the description what's in the box.
is the plug adaptor good for overseas use?
I am moving to the UK - will I be able to charge it properly there with no long term issues by just using an adapter?
does anyone else have issues with vibration while pumping?
Item weight states 1 pound. Is this accurate?
i'd like to know MedelaFreestyle have made in USA or Switzerland or other countries. Is Medela Freestyle dual voltage? Can I use 220V in my country.
Can I use my pump on my second child
is her mouth magnetic?
I have one more question, does she drink fake milk? i know not the real milk, but fake milk?
Is this baby silicone
does she take pacifier as shown in the picture, and can she get wet?
does this baby have any hair?
Is she full body silicone?
Is she stiff, like when you pick her up does she just stay in one position or would you need to hold the head like a real baby?
does she have a belly button
does she come with the socks
can her hat come off
Are these pastel or primary? Thanks!
how many will i need to cover a 10x10 space
is this good for wrestling?
How do you clean these mats?
why are they for ages 3+? what about a 9 month old?
Can i use this product for outdoors? its for a kindergarten.
I am a kindergarten teacher and would like to use these for a mat. Are the tiles large enough for each student to comfortably sit in one tile?
I am a kindergarten teacher and I would like to us these for lining up. Are you able to interlock the tiles to make a line of 24 tiles?
I want to get these to be used as a floor cushion in my 8ft x 16ft tent. Does anyone know how many packages I would need to buy?
Anyone have any experience with these on carpet ?
Would this work with a Graco Click Connect infant seat?
Can any brand car seat fit this stroller.
Does the infant seat fit only in the back spot? Or can the infant seat fit in front or back spot?
Is this compatible with a Safety 1st infant seat?
Does the City Mini GT and adaptor work with a Chicco KeyFit 30 car seat?
to be clear, this works for city mini GT models? will it work with a graco 22 car seat?
Does the canopy close with the baby seat adapter on?
Will this work in a city mini double stroller? We are expecting multiples.
Does the adapter have to be removed before folding the stroller back down?
Does this adapter work with City Mini 2012 double stroller?
Does this adaptor work with the Graco Sungride infant car seat (32/35)?
Does this adapter work with the City Mini double? Also will it fit a Graco Snugride 35?
Does this fit my Baby Jogger City Select Single Stroller ? Also how about my Graco car seat?
Is the model number BJ90123?
Does this snap in on its own onto the Baby Jogger City Mini GT or do I need to but an adapter to make it work?
Is there one of these built for the Baby Jogger City Select? If not, will there be one available soon?
Has anyone used this in place of the infant car seat adapter? I would like to use it with my Graco click connect 35...
can it be used on another stroller brand
Do I need to buy two for the citi mini side by side double stroller?
Will this work on a Chicco Liteway Stroller?
Do these work well on the double strollers?
fit the City Versa??
Will this belly bar fit the Summit X3?
Does this fit Mountain Buggy Nano stroller? thanks!
Does the bar detach from one side to swing open on the city mini double?
Does adding the belly bar make it easier to carry the City Mini Double?
how do i know if I'm getting a single or double bar? i need one for my city mini double stroller.
is this for the double or single? the photo looks like a double but reviews are saying single...
Can you let the belly bar and two snack trays attached when collapsing the stroller?
it seems like its a for a double but iam getting mixed reviews it says in the description good for a double so is it or isn't it?
Is this good for city mini DOUBLE? It says so in the description but the dimensions don't make sense (supposed to be 31.5 inches long, not 16)...
is this suitable for city mini GT 2012?
can it work on chicco cortina stroller?
Does it work on a bugaboo bee stroller?
Does it work on a Pliko P3 stroller?
Is it come as pair or just one?
we&acute;ll stay in a hotel in miami on 06- 11 may, you can deleivered on time?
Hello. Do you send to Brazil?
britax
Can this be used on a walker?
Is this compatible with bugaboo cameleon 3?
is the pillow detachable?
Can this be used on hardwood floors?
Is the pillow machine washable?
What age is this recommended for?
Is it machine washable?
My grandson is 5 moths is this too small for him, will he get much use out of it?
Is it possible to select a preferred color or one to avoid?
How much cereal fits inside?
is it diswasher safe??
What are the parts made from (the exact specifics, if listed on package)? Also, is this better than NoseFrida and BabyComfyNose?
nosefrida
Is this aspirator BPA and Phthalate Free?
Is this aspirator BPA and Phthalate Free?
Can I use the Dr. Brown mini brush to clean the tub in this Aspirator?
hi is it in scarlet red? the picture shows it to be of another colour.
Which colors do you have? thanks
Do you still have it in blue sky?
Is it just a pillow, or head support for an infant?
Does this work on the Maclaren Quest?
Do you ship to UK?
Is it worth the money?
do these shrink when washing? i would love to see a close up of the cloth...
What size are these? What do they measure?
Is it worth the money?
How do boys do on it? I don't see a splash guard.
what is the height of the potty?
Could you use this on an airplane easily? And would it work in Europe?
Do you have to use the liners, or can you just dump and clean it out?
I just ordered this and it seems to be locked in the potty position and I can't seem to unlock it to fold back up. Is there some trick?
Is the seat comfortable? the sides seem narrow in the picture, is it comparable to other "insert in the big toilet seat" potty seats as far as that go
I know it says it comes with 3 disposable liners and a carrying bag, but does it also come with a reusable bowl thing which showed in the video demo?
How much urine does one liner hold? Thanks
It seems really wide with little room to sit. Does the child sit comfortably?
How many liners does this potty seat come with?
Can this be used as a sanding potty all the time? I am looking for a toddler potty but I like that this can also fold and has liners.
How many liners does this come with? Can you just rinse the liners and re-use or do they not hold up well?
I just received this today and when I was unclicking it to put it away one of the legs completely came off, is that suppose to happen?
I asked a question before but think I worded it weird. I am asking if you can leave standing on legs all the time/use as the go to potty for toddler
Is there a weight limit? My son is almost 40 lbs
The video to this product (under the green colour) shows a reusable liner as well as the disposable liners. Does this product come with it?
I'm having trouble unlocking the legs once in place (for stand up use, not as insert on toilet). Any tips on how to unlock easier?
Is this solid pink (except for the gray grips)? Some have a pink seat with purple handles, but the one pictured here is a pink seat with pink handles.
liners
Would the seat/hole be too big for an average size 12 month old to sit on? It looks a bit wide...
How does this work for a little boy? The girl on the pot in the picture is sitting in a way that would be very splattery for a little boy!
If you use this as a seat adapter at public toilets, wouldn't it be super nasty? Does this even fit in a bag?
The video to this product (under the green colour) shows a reusable liner as well as the disposable liners. Does this product come with it?
Could I use a bowl underneath it rather than the plastic bags?
Does the "sanitary reusable liner" come with it, or must it be purchased seperately?
Does this Potette Require bags to use!? Is it basically just a hole?
How is this toilet seat with boys? Is there a splash guard? I do you protect the urine from streaming outward?
In the instructions it says that you should hear a click when you snap the legs up. I don't hear it and the potty collapses when she sits on it. Help?
what ago does this potty suit for?
Has anyone used this on an airplane?
Someone told me to use a regular diaper as a liner instead of the plastic liners. Do you see it working with this Potette?
What is the maximum weight limit, in particular, while used as freestanding potty?
How much does it weigh? We're taking our toddler on a backpacking trip and I thought this might be a good way for her to be able to potty?
Is this big enough for a tall (41+") 3yo boy to use as a potty ring on toilets in public bathrooms?
I understand how to make it into a stand-alone potty but how do I turn it into a travel potty for toilet seats? I can't figure it out.
Does this make the mattress more comfortable for your baby, or is just for adding a waterproof layer?
Is the Waterproof Flat Crib Pad instead of the fitted crib pad? or do I need both?
I'm thinking of using one of these for a cosleeper before moving to the crib. Do you think I can just fold it smaller and use it in the cosleeper?
It says the top/bottom layers of this pad are 100% cotton but not what the center 'ultra thin waterproof barrier" is made from. Does anyone know?
the description says the outer layers are organic cotton; what is the interior 'water barrier' layer made of?
If the mattress is at the lowest setting, would a 5 foot tall person have difficulty reaching down for a reclining baby?
Does the mattress for this need to be with square-cut corners or with round corners?
What's the height from the base of the crib to the floor? I cannot tell how high the legs are.
For those that have recently converted to toddler bed, has the issue of the gap between the bottom of the rail and the base of the crib been fixed?
Why is the price higher here than the Babyletto website??
Is this a standard or Mini size mattress? trying to buy sheets! Thanks
Can the mattress be raised so when you have a newborn you are not bending over so far?
Is this the same crib as the baby mod olivia? I read about the baby mod olivia on Consumer reports and it got great reviews. When I search baby mod olivia on Amazon this crib shows up instead.
Does anyone know if you can put the mattress on the floor inside crib frame (remove bottom of crib?) VERY TALL 1 year old :(
What organic mattresses fit inside this crib? The dimensions are inches off
Is it safe for newborns to sleep on? Not too plush?
I'm looking for something to go over my newborn's mattress. Would this product work? Could I just wash it when she leaks through her clothes?
Is this safe for a 10month old?
Is there anything like this to cover the naturapedic portacrib mattress? Would this one be entirely too big to use? Even with a fitted sheet over?
Is it good for summer? How breathable it is? I got naturepedic mattress with waterproof plastic all over, need to add ventilation layer. Will it work?
How much thickness does it add ?
Will this fit the davinci mini cribs well?
Does this mattress fit the DaVinci Alpha Mini Rocking Crib?
Does this pad fold up for travel the same way the pack and play pad folds?
would this mattress last for two years of use?
Is this mattress suitable for newborns? Also would it fit a Graco Pack N Play?
This mattress info says it is only 1.5" thick, but the Naturepedic website only shows a 2" mattress for the portacrib. Is this measurement correct?
Is the 38" length true to size? or is it really slightly less
If you don't buy the sheets made by Naturepedic, which sheets have you found that have a good fit? Thanks!
Will this mattress fit the babybjorn travel crib? thanks!!
The outer shell of this mattress doesn't fit snugly around the mattress,it bunches up. Did anyone else have this problem?i think I got a defective one
Will the small or large fit the Fisher-Price Rock 'n Play Portable Bassinet? What sheets did you use with either the small or large?
Will this matress fit the Halo Bassinet?
Does the small mattress size fit the Tadpoles moses basket?
Will this Bassinet Pad fit the Uppababy Vista Bassinet? The one that comes with the stroller/bassinet is cheap and made of foam.
DId you order the Large or small to use in pottery barn wicker bassinet?
Has anyone used this with the Pottery Barn bassinet?
Will this fit the Contours Classique bassinet?
Does it have the manufacture sticker under it to make it legal for in daycares?
What are the dimensions of this crib?
Does it fold up for storage?
is that adapter for this stroller universal which means it is compatible with all infant carseats? I have the peg perego primo viaggio
IS IT THE WHOLE STROLLER
IS IT THREE WHEELS CAN A CRACO CARSEAT FIT ON IT ?
Can I install two of the double stroller adapters and have a stroller that will hold two car seats?
Does this work with a baby trend infant seat?
does this crib come with the mattress
Does anybody use this crib for 18 months baby? is itn't too small?
is this a foldable crib?
Anyone know how small it folds down too? Portable for a trunk of a car?
Does this crib come with a mattress, or will I have to purchase the mattress separately?
The description does not mention the mattress, does it come with it, and if it did did the description at the time say it did?
Does this mini crib have more than one mattress level?
How thick is the mattress that comes with the crib? What size sheets fit this matress?
What is the maximum weight for the baby?
Does this fit with the Graco Bryson crib?
When are you supposed to switch to the toddler side?
Does this fit the DaVinci Kalani 4 in 1 convertible crib?
Does it fit the DaVinci Parker crib
Do you need a waterproof mattress pad cover with this mattress?
will this fit the davinci sleigh toddler bed the length seems to be off about 4 inches so im curoius if anyone bought this for that toddler bed.
Is this a da Vinci or MDB mattress?
Can I use 2 monitors with one receiver? I'd like to monitor both children while sleeping from one parent unit.
What setting gets the best/longest range? It doesn't seem to reach very far at my house.
if i purchase another monitor can i reuse the receivers? 2 monitors 2 receivers 1 set up for each?
What size rechargable batteries are used???
Is this model suited for 220V power?
Does anyone use a Homedics Soundspa / white noise generator with these? If so does it "filter out" that and only transfer the baby's voice?
does this include two parent units and one reciever?wha is the range
Does this hammock have three hooks or two?
Stretches to 6 ft; is it 1 long side, 2 shorter? Know actual dimensions? 12x8x8 inch listed must be wrong. Please no "I don't know" responses. Thanks.
Does it have to go in corner? Looking to hang under a loft bed.
What are the dimensions of the hammock?
Is this Warmer Tommee Tippee Bottle Compatible?
will this work with tommee tippee bottles?
do the tommee tipee bottles fit in this warmer?
i m looking batteries operates formula warmer
is it batarries operats
Will this work with Playtex Ventaire bottles?
does it really heat up in 90 seconds?
is it 220volts
does work on advent bottles?
IS IT SAFE FOR BREAST MILK?
I have a friend who is EBF her 7 month old. He refuses every bottle she's tried. Is the flow rate on the stage 3 bottle pretty fast or very slow?
How many ounces?
How many ounces does this bottle hold?
Does the Car Seat attach to the Stroller without buying an adapter? Just wondering if right out of the box the car seat will ride on the stroller, or if I have to buy one of those $50 adapters by Baby Jogger or something?
how do you fold the stroller up?
questions about the stroller: im looking to buy the evenflo aura select travel system georgia stripe stroller system. first i would like to know if the car seat base comes in the box o do i have to buy separate?
what is the dimension of the box's product? what is the dimension of the box's product?
Evenflo Aura Select Travel System: Does this travel system come with a base?
I am looking for the Nuk replacement soft spout nipples in colors they are clear, red, green and blue. I need the colored ones.
Will these fit the Nuby active cup (10 ounce)?
will these fit the nuby natural touch?
Can these fit the munchkin trainer cup
Do these fit the Nuby Stage 3 (the ones where they come with the nipple and sippy top)?
Will these fit the "Nuby 3 Stage Bottle 8oz" as a replacement for the silicone spout? 2in/round seems right in terms of dimensions. Thanks!
Will these also fit the Nuk learner cups? They look similar, but I'm not sure if they're the same size.
Do these fit the Nuby Click It Grip'n'Sip?
Does this fit the Nuby Learner Cup (soft spout)?
what is the bottom width in inches for these spouts
Hi, Are these STANDARD neck size bottles?
Is it microwave safe? instead of using bottle warmer, can I just directly warm up the milk in the bottle via microwave?
Are these better than advent? My baby has problems taking to the bottle will this be better?
Can you use with Medela pump?
Which size are these two bottles, one for 8 oz and one for 4 oz ?
Why does the description say "discontinued"?
Can I use the bottles without the internal vent? I have a 16 months old.
What size bottles r these I ordered
How tall are the 8 oz bottles (with cap)?
what flow nipples come with this pack ? i mean 1, 2, 3 or 4?
Does this kit include a pair or just one 3 components set?
Has anyone used these with another machine? I like that they are flat but have the Hygei Q and am doubting they would be compatabe
Are these parts compatible with Medela Swing Maxi Double Breastpump?
How often do I need to be replacing my pump parts?
Are these parts compatible with the Medela Pump In Style Pumps?
Can I use The Philips Avent microwave sterilizer for medela pump parts?
Does this kit include the A and B bra connectors and adjustable clasps? Thanks!
Can all spare parts kit be steam sterilized?
Britax seats in Prius? Any recommendations, Brtiax or otherwise?
Britax convertible- best for chubby baby boy? Any recommendations?
roundabout for Newborns? I am wondering about buying a convertible for our newborn. what are other experiences of folks who might have done that?
Does this seat work on an airplane?
Britax Convertible seats and cup holders? If not, does anyone know if there is a compatible accessory for Britax?
velcro? Does anyone know what this is for?
Does this seat make babies hot?
Britax car seat indent damage: Has anyone had a problem of this car seat ripping the cloth?
Britax Roundabout use with Maclaren Frame: Does anyone know if the Britaz Roundabout comes out of its base and can be popped onto the Maclaren Frame?
Expired 2002 Britax Roundabout: I feel like if anything was to ever happen to our child in a crash, I couldnt live with myself for using the old seat, but is it really as dangerous as my first time mother's imagination is making it seem?
Do you need to lanolize before using?
Both pre-pregnancy and now (37 weeks) I am a 34/36 B- should I buy the x-small or small? I am worried small will be too big.
what size is good for me?
how to remove the green butt fitter? it seems it is not removable. ...
Does this have a sling for infants?
Does the removeable infant ledge go all the way across the tub?
What is the size of the box that this comes in?
Could this be propped over a kitchen sink?
is this made of safe plastic? is it free of bpa, pvc and pthalates?
How do you keep it from molding or getting nasty?
Does it ship out of US too?
So... according to all the pictures shown, it appears the eyes follow mom wherever she may be. Is this some sort of sorcery?
Any one know the max. baby length for this tub? My 3 mo old 18lb, 27" outgrew the angelcare tub... thanks!
what is the shipping box dimension?
Will this hold a 2 year old?
Good morning! im looking just for the cover for graco meal time high chair for girls, do you have some available?
How does this fit with the removable carseat insert for babies under 11 pounds?
Will this product impede my ability to snap the infant carrier into the stroller on a Graco travel system?
Does this fit on an uppababy bassinet?
can I use infant bundleme in the Stroller? I don't now which size is perfect for him especially for his stroller. can I use it in Garco Snugride 30 or not?
If the baby is born in sept and will need this Nov - March, better to get infant or toddler size?
Are there slits for adjusting the straps of the car seat?
does this work with the britax seat
Do I need to wash it before the first use?
Will this keep the baby warm in sub-zero temperatures - how warmly does the baby need to be dressed underneath? We're in Boston.
Do you have torun these at belt straps through the blanket?
Charger often times blinks the red ligh for a second, then dims right away for a battery that I know is low. Anyone have this problem?
What does 440mA Mean? Can I charge a 10,000 D Mah battery?
Is this UL approved?
Can it operate at 110 -220 VAC?
NiMH vs NiCD
can you use any battery
What is the purpose of A-B toggle switch ?
Is the part that grinds plastic or stainless steel?
Does the food teether come with a cap so it wont get dirty when you travel?
is it bpa free?
Does this attach to the top of the crib or onto one of the rails?
would i be able to attach this to my graco pack and play? ok i guess not... can i attach this to the wall then or some other surface..i do not have a crib.
hello, i bought this recently and i have not seen the registration card in the box , it is new in box, i wonder where i can get the warranty info?
Will this mobile attach to a pak n play?
I ordered this mobile and love the look and music, but the motor is terribly loud -- louder than the music or at least competing with it. Normal?
Will this attach to a portable crib/mini crib?
Is the mobile entirely made of plastic or are the animals plush. I am looking for a fully plastic mobile that can be sterilized to be used in NICU.
Can you detach the mobile part &amp; just have the music wand attached to the crib?
Would this attach to a changing table with slats? Looking for a mobile to hang above the changing table...
Are these bags large enough for a 6 year old? What can fit inside this bag?
How many bags come in a package?
What color are these bags? The first photo is pink and then when I click on it, it looks red.
How many come in a pack?
Contours Tandem VS City Min? Are we looking for the impossible?
Compatible Infant Car Seats? Does anyone know for sure?
Is this stroller okay for light jogging?
Contours Tandem Stroller- easy to travel with? Will I really have to take the second seat out to close the stroller?
I know this product was discontinued but I'm thinking buying one used. How tall and wide the back rest of each seat is?
Will it work with my Baby Trend infant carrier?
does anyone know who makes a rain cover that would fit the Kolcraft options tandem stroller? Any suggestions?
seating in a doublestroller: Are there other tandem stroller out there that let me do that as well?
How would I know its Kolcraft Options Plus the new model ? Did I get a old one?
Doesn't anyone elses kid drink or snack on the ride? Why is everyone so positive and happy about the fact that this stroller has two cup holders for the driver (and an iPod deck in the Plus model), and no one, in their complaints, mentions the fact...
What are the dimensions of the open storage shelf?
Can you remove the railing on the top to use it as a regular dresser?
Is the cherry finish a darker cherry or lighter cherry? Does anyone know how well it matches the Graco Sarah Crib in Cherry?
Did you have trouble finding a changing pad that fits in the top portion?
How to wash this , do you throw in the washing machine and dryer or just handwash?
I don't have children, so y'all toss out the honest advice! My twin's first baby is 10 months old. He's teething--is he too old for this?
I need to know if I will receive the product in the picture? Will it arrive in shabby packaging?
Is this BPA and pthlalate free?
Are these links BPA free?
Are they hard plastic or more like rubber?
BPA free? Is this product BPA free?
where is this made?
WHy does the package say wipe with a damp cloth? This worries me a bit. Why can't I just wash it with soap and water like normal?
Does anyone know if these links are dishwasher safe? If not, how do you clean yours?
do you know the inner size of the rings? thanks
Do these actually hold toys for longer than 2 mins. I have a different set that are alphabet letters and everything falls on the floor.
How do you wash these? Would you recommend dishwasher or clothes washing machine if I didn't want to manually scrub it?
Is it suitable to be used while the baby is sleeping?
How does this work with a Wubbanub (stuffed animal holder) pacifier? Any other suggestions?
How do you wash these? Would you recommend dishwasher or clothes washing machine if I didn't want to manually scrub it?
Is it suitable to be used while the baby is sleeping?
How does this work with a Wubbanub (stuffed animal holder) pacifier? Any other suggestions?
How do you wash these? Would you recommend dishwasher or clothes washing machine if I didn't want to manually scrub it?
Is it suitable to be used while the baby is sleeping?
How does this work with a Wubbanub (stuffed animal holder) pacifier? Any other suggestions?
How do you wash these? Would you recommend dishwasher or clothes washing machine if I didn't want to manually scrub it?
Is it suitable to be used while the baby is sleeping?
How does this work with a Wubbanub (stuffed animal holder) pacifier? Any other suggestions?
How do you wash these? Would you recommend dishwasher or clothes washing machine if I didn't want to manually scrub it?
Is it suitable to be used while the baby is sleeping?
How does this work with a Wubbanub (stuffed animal holder) pacifier? Any other suggestions?
Is the Potty Time Potty Watch water proof? As in, if the child gets it wet when washing hands or playing outside will the watch be ok?
How do you turn it off so the timer doesn't go off all night long?
Is it loud enough to wake them at night? He's fine during the day, its the night we can't break
Is this watch actually effective?What happens when they no longer have the watch?Do they learn to go potty w/o it and not over-rely on it?Thank you.
How big is the main part of the watch? I'm trying to figure out if it would be too big for my 16mo old
How do you change the batteries?
Is there a way to turn the sound on? Currently the lights just go on and off. Not sure if it's defective or I'm missing somehing.
How do you turn it on? This is my 2nd watch and the blue button activates nothing?
I am concerned that my 2 year old will enjoy pushing the buttons and mess up all the timer settings.... Did anyone else run into this problem?
How do you turn it off so the timer doesn't go off all night long?
Is the Jack version gender neutral?
does this book mention baby boy inside anywhere? i'm having a girl but I like the colors
How many pages is this book? Is there any envelopes to put baby first haircut, first tooth etc? place for birth cerf, footprint? thank you
Is the cover fabric covered like the C.R. Gibson Peter Rabbit memory book, or is the pattern printed on this one?
Does this book also contain the immunizations and growth chart for baby?
Is there a page for the baby shower, like a guest signature page?
How do you switch out the photo on the front cover? I can't figure it out!
Can someone tell me if this is a ringed binder book where you can remove/add pages if you need to?
how many pages does the journal have?
is there calendars inside the book? I am looking for a book that has one year of calendars and then pages for the next five years.
Does this fit in a Britax b-agile?
I have a Zigo Leader and I would love to purchase this for our youngest boy to ride behind our girls! I would like to know if this is compatable???
Would it fit on a bugaboo bee?
Does it work with the bob stroller?
does it work with a city mini
Does anyone know if this works with the uppababy cruz stroller?
Does it work with the bugaboo camaleon stroller?
Does it work with joovy sit and stand stroller? ?
Has anyone tried it with a Baby Jogger City Select set up with two seats? My son will be 20 months when the twins arrive.
does this fit the city select? thank you!
Is the bottom non-skid?
Can this be screwed to a dresser or changing table? Many we looked at came with a piece to screw it on and the two sided one we have did not.
The Naturapedic covers are pricey. Can you recommend an alternative changing pad cover that fits this well?
Do these fit land of nod changer pad covers?
Any benefit or drawback to getting the 4-sided vs the 2-sided?
Why does the item description say "Discontinued by Manufacturer"?
Is this pacifier good for breastfeed babies?
Where is this pacifier manufactured?
Where is this pacifier manufactured?
Is it safe to order a 0-6 size for a 7 month old?
Please recommend a good battery charger to use with these batteries
Will these work the Energizer chargers? We have always used Energizer batteries for baby accessories/toys, but they don't seem to hold a charge very long, so we were considering a different product but don't want to buy a new charger.
what is the difference between these and Low Self Discharge batteries?
Are the batteries charged "new, out of the box", or when they arrive do I have to charge them before using? Thanks!
what is the voltage?
What charger do you use for these higher-cap batteries? I was gonna get the Energizer Recharge Charger, but it only charges up to 2500mAH for C-cells.
Does this provide a way to secure to the side of the crib for a newborn?
Does anyone know if this is "better" in any way than the older version of this product, which is a lighter shade of brown?
Would this work with a new puppy?
wondering if the noise making part can come out unattached to the bear?? I am looking for something to use for newborn photos...
what noises does it make?
Can you choose to have it play all night long? Or does it always shut off after 40 min?
How long does it play before it shuts off? It's for a baby in NICU
What's the best way to warm these bottles? Can you warm in a mug with warm water?
IS the nipple size 6mos.+ ?
are these the ones that you can sterilise in the microwave?
are these the ones that you can sterilise in the microwave?
You have pictures of 2 diferent bottles on this page. One is the anti-colic, and the other one is not. I`d like to know whitch one is the rigth one.
what the nipple size of this package?
What's the best way to warm these bottles? Can you warm in a mug with warm water?
IS the nipple size 6mos.+ ?
are these the ones that you can sterilise in the microwave?
are these the ones that you can sterilise in the microwave?
You have pictures of 2 diferent bottles on this page. One is the anti-colic, and the other one is not. I`d like to know whitch one is the rigth one.
what the nipple size of this package?
what is the age for this, my g-sons are 7 and big..is this tooo small?
what supplies come with this desk
Is this Teal or Green?
Would this fit a 2 year old? I was looking also at the Step2 Deluxe Art Master Desk which does seem to fit a 2 year old. Is the stool okay for use or would a chair be much better?
Does this product come with free shipping?
does it come with stool
is the shipping seriously more expensive than the desk??
What color desk is this listing for??
Does this product come with any of the art supplies?
What are the dimensions of this product? Amazon states it's 21 x 25 x 36 inches, but the website says 36.00 H 34.00 W 18.00 D.
Any opinion about whether this would work with Adult Pull-up Underwear?
Lid is wobbly, doesn't quite line up right when replacing bags, is this normal?
Which is the difference between the frustration free and the standard package?
what is the diff in the genie regular and the genie elite?
Will this stay closed if our dog knocks it over?
The top doesn't close?
I'm 49 and wear adult diapers. Will the diaper genie hold adult size diapers?
I am putting diapers in, pushing them down, but they never fall down. What am I doing wrong?
If you have used the Diaper Dekor, how would you compare these two products? How does the Diaper Genie Elite hold up against curious toddlers?
so Is this the boba sweatshirt or a wrap? The picture is a sweatshirt....Im confused
How many pounds can it hold?
Will this double hoodie work with a Tula Carrier
caN i PUT A DIFFERENT BRAND CARRIER UNDERNEATH?
There are photos of two different carriers, a wrap and a Boba soft structured carrier. Which is this?
How many hours a day/how often can you carry your baby in it? My baby seems to like being in it, but gets cranky when out of it.
I have been on the Sleep Wrap site and can't figure out the difference between the Newborn Hold and Love Your Baby Hold. Are they the same?
can you face the baby forward after baby has a good head support?
Do you have access to the water spout? Our shower works by pulling the water spout down not a plunger up
Need more pictures to see how it looks like ?
Our faucet has the shower plunger set back a little bit more than the normal faucet. Will this accomodate that? The previous one I bought did not...
any recommendations how to clean it. it gets so gross inside it and i can't get to the residue with a toothbrush. i do love it though..
BPA
Ar&eacute; they made With 100 % cotton?
Does it come with a mobile? If not, did you find one to match?
Does it work with tommee tippee bottles?
Would this be safe to use on the lowest setting to warm baby lotion bottles? Or is even the lowest setting too hot for that purpose?
Do Medela 5 oz bottles fit?
Can I leave this plugged in and turned on (set to just below dial setting #2)? Thank you.
freevolt???? korea use 220v
CAn you heat Medela storage bottles in this?
Do the Breast Milk Storage cups fit here?
Will this fit 1) Avent newer Natural style bottles 2) wider bottles from other brands like Tommee Tippee? thanks!
Hello! What is the voltage? 12v or 220v?
Can you use it to warm up formula?
Will this liner protect a cloth diaper from meconium?
What size would be recommended for an infant when using pocket cloth diapers? Small or Large?
Are these safe for a sewer? I don't have a septic
Can these be rinsed and re-used if they've only been peed on? I currently have the bumpkins ones and we can rinse and reuse them usually twice.
How many are in the package?
What size would be recommended for a super skinny 18 month old (20 lbs 36 inches) small or large?
is it waterproof as it claims?
Shrink in hot water?
Does it fit over/around the mattress? Or does it just lay on top?
I just received this product and the package says 'water resistant' so now I'm wondering if it's actually waterproof.
Is this mattress pad fit for newborns/infants or is it too soft?
Does it matter what kind of mattress you have?? Will it fit any crib mattress?
Is there an inner plastic liner or is it just polyester that keeps it dry? I don't want any plastic.
What is the difference between this and Carter's Keep Me Dry Waterproof Fitted Quilted Crib Pad (the other one is only 12.99)?
is the bottom a plastic type material or cloth. Some liners the bottom feels like fabric and the waterproof layer is inside and that is what i want.
Will this fit on the changing pad that comes with the Graco Pack n' Play?
does this fot the Summer Infant Contoured Changing Pad?
OK for machine wash and dryer?
Are these too small compared to changing pad?
Is the bottom vinyl? Do you put them in dryer?
What are the measurements (length and width)?
Anyone know the material this is made of? Polyester? Cotton? Polyurethane? PVC?
Do these need to be washed on gentle cycle?
How tall is this monkey?
age recommendation?
how many inches tall?
Do his hands velcro together?
does it have beanies in the bottom? or is it all fluff inside?
Is it soft as a huggable for baby to sleep with?
Where can I get a replacement battery for the Avent DECT parent piece?
Input voltage: What is the input voltage for the baby unit and parent unit?
can it be turned off?
Advent baby monitor: In all the reviews of tons of monitors - rarely is range discussed - Can I be out in the yard - How far away?
For me,the Avent Basic Baby Monitor it's the best one, but recently something strange has happened ... I turn on the unit and after a few seconds goes on mute and I can no longer hear the sounds of my baby's room. When i push the sensitivity button its...
What do you do? My question is, how do you get away with having just one parent unit?
Is the replacement battery for the SCD520 compatible with the SCD510?
Is there a back up battery in the base unit for power outages? Are units sold in the USA that are dual voltage?
Does the baby unit take batteries?
is this monitor convertible for use in Europe?
has anyone tried using two avent dect monitors at the same time? has anyone tried using two avent dect monitors together?
Need 110v-220v baby monitor: Anyone have a recommendation?
Philips DECT Baby Monitor - More than one monitor question? I know it's not ideal, but can two of these be purchased and used with one base station?
Has anyone found a bag (so that we can gate check the stroller at the airport) that fits this stroller?
Max weight says 35 lbs. Is this per side or total?
Does each side recline separately or is there only one angle setting for both sides?
Are there straps for shoulders? Or waist only?
What are the dimensions when folded up?
When folded, would it fit in a cab with me and my twins in the back seat?
Will this work fine for taller people? My husband and I are both 5'8".
Does it recline?
does it has shoulder seat belt
It has a maximum weight recommendation of 35lb which seems little for 2 toddlers. Or is it 35lb each side?
Does this fit the City Mini Stroller?
Will this fit a travel system? We have a city elite stroller and a britax infant seat.
Will this it a Bob stroller? It's much cheaper than the Bob one
Does this fit UppaBaby G-Luxe 2013 model?
Will it fit chicco liteway plus?
Does this fit umbrella strollers, such as Summer Infant 3D Lite?
Does this work with an older model (i.e. 2007) bugaboo bee?
Does it fit the Graco travel systems?
What material is it? Does it contain PVC?
Will this fit a Graco Modes travel system stroller?
How does this fit if the carseat is not attached to the stroller - when just using the stroller?
can i use this for my britax agile travel system?(with infant carset)
Can this be used at Chico Cortina Magic?
i have a Graco SnugRide Click Connect 35 Modes 3 in 1 stroller. Will this weather shield (item # 90207) fit with both canopies up
Can this be used with the Snap-n-Go and the CitiMini?
Does it work good for UPPAbaby 2013 G-lite Stroller? Thanks.
Is this weather shield breathable?
will this fit with the carseat on top of the stroller?
Will this fit the Duo Glider double stroller
Does this fit the Contours Options Elite Tandem Stroller? Thanks!
Will this fit a peg perego tandem stroller?
Would this work well on a Baby Jogger City-Select double stroller?
Does this fit a joove caboose ultralight with the car seat adapter on?
Does this fit on the Joovy Caboose Stand on Tandem stroller?
Does this fit on the Joovy Caboose stand on Tandem stroller?
Does this fit a BabyTrend Sit and Stand?
Hello, I have graco duo glider. Baby in the back can be laid dawn flat. If she is in flat position will the cover still fit. Thanks.
Is this suitable to be a travel/portable crib for my 11 mo baby (21lbs, about 30inch tall), super active
Which mattress will fit correctly in this? I bought the Dream On Me portable crib mattress, and it's a very tight squeeze!
What sheets fit this crib? I bought the American Baby Company 100% Cotton Value Jersey Knit Fitted Portable/Mini Sheet, Celery and they did not fit.
Do the wheels lock?
height
What is the exact height of the crib frame from the floor to the top edge (wheel to top rim)?
Is this good for travelling? Does it take too much room in the car?
What is the spacing of the crib slats?
35 pounds maximum weight for it really ? My 7 month old is 25 lbs is it really worth it ?
May I know the dimension of crib (weight, length, height)? Cause I have small room. Thanks
Cloud B turtle battery life: Can any give me info about how long the batteries last in this?
Does turtle need to be washed after being left near baby for fortnight?
Is this bright enough to use during late night diaper changes?
ok for younger than 2 years
Is it with music ?
how long on
volume on sound: Does anyone know how to lower the volume on the music.
Is there a moon on this? On the regular turtle, too?
What does it mean "includes Twilight Ladybug story"? Does it have sound telling this story?
about how much light with new batteries? would it be as bright as a small 5 watt nightlight? or as bright as a 25 watt bulb?
My baby always ends up with her face pressed against the side of the crib. Does this crib liner have that breathable fabric? I can't tell from the pic
How many inches tall are these?? Planning to get the pink ones.
How many ties are on the long part of the bumper? (6 or 8?) My crib will only allow for a bumper attaching on the ends and once in the center.
How many inches tall are these?? Planning to get the pink ones.
how many pieces does the bumper come in?
Are these sheets 100% cotton?
what are the diamentions? it cannot be 1.5, 6.5 8.5 inches
Does this sheet fit on a 5" or 6" thick standard crib mattress?
what is the threadcount?
size
Is the Ecru color a true off-white? It looks very white in the photos....
How is the thickness compared to American Baby Company jersey sheets?
My baby always ends up with her face pressed against the side of the crib. Does this crib liner have that breathable fabric? I can't tell from the pic
How many inches tall are these?? Planning to get the pink ones.
How many ties are on the long part of the bumper? (6 or 8?) My crib will only allow for a bumper attaching on the ends and once in the center.
How many inches tall are these?? Planning to get the pink ones.
how many pieces does the bumper come in?
Are these sheets 100% cotton?
what are the diamentions? it cannot be 1.5, 6.5 8.5 inches
Does this sheet fit on a 5" or 6" thick standard crib mattress?
what is the threadcount?
size
Is the Ecru color a true off-white? It looks very white in the photos....
How is the thickness compared to American Baby Company jersey sheets?
Does the elastic go all the way around the sheet or just on the corners?
Is it too much of a pain to replace the elastic yourself? Just sew a better quality one on?
Can someone give the measurements for this sheet? The description should have given them!!!
Does it fit a 52x27 crib mattress?
Does the elastic go all the way around the sheet or just on the corners?
Is it too much of a pain to replace the elastic yourself? Just sew a better quality one on?
Can someone give the measurements for this sheet? The description should have given them!!!
Does it fit a 52x27 crib mattress?
Does anyone know the exact dimensions for this? Our pack n play is 25.5x37.5 ... thanks!
will this fit a 5" portable crib mattress?
I have a non-std XS mattress so even this sheet will be slightly too big, Do you see any problem with using it on a smaller crib mattress?
Would these sheets be too big for a 14" x 31" mattress?
Will it fit a Pack n Play mattress?
does the elastic go all the way around the edge of the sheet
Has anyone used this on the Naturepedic Mini/Portacrib Mattress? How was the fit? Thank you.
will these sheets fit a 5" Coil portable crib mattress?
Will this fit a 24 x 38 x 4 mattress?
Will it fit a 3" mattress?
Are these sheets 100% cotton?
what are the diamentions? it cannot be 1.5, 6.5 8.5 inches
Does this sheet fit on a 5" or 6" thick standard crib mattress?
what is the threadcount?
size
Is the Ecru color a true off-white? It looks very white in the photos....
How is the thickness compared to American Baby Company jersey sheets?
Can it be used with the glass Avent bottles?
Will this work with ameda purely yours pump and all avent natural bottles?(not avent classic)
Do these adapters work with the Ameda Pump?
do these containers work with advent natural nipples?
Can this adapter thread onto other brand wide neck bottles?
Can the adapters be used with the avent natural glass bottles?
Does anyone know the exact dimensions for this? Our pack n play is 25.5x37.5 ... thanks!
will this fit a 5" portable crib mattress?
I have a non-std XS mattress so even this sheet will be slightly too big, Do you see any problem with using it on a smaller crib mattress?
Would these sheets be too big for a 14" x 31" mattress?
Will it fit a Pack n Play mattress?
does the elastic go all the way around the edge of the sheet
Has anyone used this on the Naturepedic Mini/Portacrib Mattress? How was the fit? Thank you.
will these sheets fit a 5" Coil portable crib mattress?
Will this fit a 24 x 38 x 4 mattress?
Will it fit a 3" mattress?
Will this fit a Graco infant car seat and base?
Does a Graco Nautilus fit in this bag? Does the Graco Nautilus 3-in1 car seat fit into this Jeep Car Seat Travel Bag?
Does anyone know if this will fit the Evenflo Symphony 65 LX? I know the Childress doesn't from what I've read.
Does the Evenflo Tribute Car Seat fit int his bag?
will this work with a Britax frontier 90
Will this fit a Britax Pavilion convertible seat?
Did you use this bag to check your car seat at the ticket counter or at the gate? Did you have any damage to your seat?
Does the Recaro proride fit?
does it fit chicco nextfit
Does this fit the Britax Advocate G4 convertible car seat? Thanks.
Does the elastic go all the way around the sheet or just on the corners?
Is it too much of a pain to replace the elastic yourself? Just sew a better quality one on?
Can someone give the measurements for this sheet? The description should have given them!!!
Does it fit a 52x27 crib mattress?
Anyone know if this will fit the handlebar of a Bumbleride Flyer?
Does this fit a single BOB revolution stroller handlebar?
Does it fit Summer 3D Lite Convenience Stroller?
bob
do you know will it fit maclaren xlr? thanks
Has anyone speak to how this works as a homework chair for an older child? I would like to buy one for my first grader.
I have twins that are 7 months old. Will it work for our infants without buying extra accessories? (babyset, etc)
Will this high chair work at a bar height kitchen island?
What does the Tripp Trapp with baby set measure from floor to top of plastic seat? How much clearance do I need to push chair under dining table?
Will this high chair work for a counter height bar?
Does this highchair come with the baby set and cushion?
Can you remove the seat belt and wash it in the washing machine?
We would like to buy this and bring it with us on an airplane. How does it come packaged? Is it in small pieces or flat long pieces?
Does a young toddler (my child is 18 months and on the small side) need the baby set, or is the regular highchair and harness just fine?
what`s the size of the box? Thanks
Has any one else had problems with the footrest? My niece kicks it out all the time, is there supposed to be a stop?
Does it come in one piece and can it be broken down for shipping?
Are the straps easily removed? If so, how?
where is this made? thx!!
Is there anyone who had an experience of tipping over?
WIll a 19 month still need the baby seat or be okay without the baby seat?
Does the chair come finished or unfinished? Anniversary edition says it comes with a can of oil that has to be applied every 6 months.
How resistant to tipping over backwards is this?
What is the maximum seat height?
Is this high chair made in Norway?
It looks a bit short and there are no pictures with bottles in it- does it hold the taller 8oz bottles or only the short ones?
Can I use the sterilizer rather than hand washing the bottles every time?
What height of microwave is required for this product?
Do you have to hand wash the bottles and other components before sterilizing them?
Is it better/easier to hand wash and then use this to sterilize or buy the dishwasher thingy only?
how many bottles will it hold?
My microwave is small it barely fits - do you need it to rotate to work? Or it's ok if it's just in the same position while microwaving
Do the glass bottles come out hot?
Do it have the time-set recommendation for sterilization?
last time I used it was in 2010. I lost instructions, how do I use it?
Does this design come in twin size bedding. I am looking for this linen set for a twin size bed. Thanks!
Is this a standard size bedding or is it for a mini crib??
Is this bedding soft enough for little newborns?
My baby is 7 mo old &amp; 16 lbs. Do you think the XL size will be to big? I'd rather not have to buy large now and XL a couple months later.
is the sleep sack free of flame retardant?
Which is warmer - this micro-fleece one or the "plush dot velboa" fabric sleep sack? Thx
What temperature room is this sleep sack suitable for? Our nursery is heated to 76 Fahrenheit.
Is there newborn size available
do you continue to use your sleep sacks after your little ones are able to roll over, sit up or stand?
sizing information
Is the size Large arm holes any larger than the medium? The medium is getting snug on my child's arms and I would like to get the large.
Do you put your baby in long sleeves onesis + pants or only onesis when using this sack? Thanks
Can you use the medium size for infants under 6 months (or smaller than the suggested sizes)? Hoping that baby can grow into medium w/o getting small.
What exactly is the "ultra-thin waterproof layer" made of? There is no info on Amazon.com or Naturpedic's own website.
Is it necessary to buy this if we have the waterproof mattress? First time parent, not sure what to expect :)
Does this contain any flame retardants?
Does this add any softness to the mattress? We have the naturepedic lightweight dual stage and is very firm!!
What detergent would you recommend using to ensure that this shrinks down properly to fit the mattress? I'm reading that it is too large at first.
Does this pad add any bulk to the sides of the mattress when it is on with a sheet?
will this contain the flame retardants in a conventional mattress?
What were the dimensions of the crib sheets you bought? Do the crib sheets fit your mattress well? Can you recommend some sheets to go w/ this pad?
Sizing: How deep/shallow of a mattress does this work for?
does anyone know what the waterproof layer IS made of? so in the description it says the "ultra thin waterproof layer" is no vinyl/pvc; no phthalates; no latex...does anyone know what it IS?
Hi, is this pad white as shown in the picture of is it more of an Ivory color?
Will this work with a standard moses basket?
Is this really oval shaped? The photo does not look like an oval.
Can this be used on a bed set up with out a box spring? Just mattress and frame?
I am having a heck of a time getting the rail down to change sheets. There must be some trick. How is it done?
Is this tall enough for the super-thick full sized mattresses that are now available?
how do you lengthen the straps?
Can it be used on a platform bed?
How high are the hinges from the box spring? I have an antique bed with wooden rails and headboard/footboard I am trying to find folding rails for.
can it be used on a toddler bed?
can I use them separately without the staps ?
how long does it take to ship
Do it cry ,, I Want someone to love, ...
does she have a silicone body or soft body
Do it cry
Are her arms, legs, and head soft vinyl? I'm not familiar with vinyl and have seen other dolls that have soft/squishy appendages (almost like rubber)
Can you send me a picture with the hat off, please? Are her legs &amp; arms full, 3/4, or 1/2 silicone?
Is her hair painted on
Do her legs come apart?
Is her hair painted on
What is the height of the front rail?
What size mattress would fit this crib sungly with no spaces at the sides?
i recieve the bed but without bolts,nuts, wrench and wood dowels
Can you slide the side down to lay baby on the mattress and then slide it back up?
Where can I buy replacement screws, nuts, and bolts?
Are the metal connectors that you attach to the wooden mattress base supposed to be a little loose? The connectors don't fit snug on the mattress base
Is the "natural" color more of a white wood like pine or yellow like oak?
Is the "natural" color more of a white wood like pine or yellow like oak?
what does it mean in the description '60 days parts'??
What is the baby weight limit for this crib?
Does the chair not rotate at all? After installation, my boon chair can rotate a little bit say 10 degrees. It is normal?
I like the look of the white color but worry that it will easily stain. Does the white stain or will it retain its color with regular cleaning?
Does it really last till 4 years of age or 50 lbs? Seems like the crotch part would be an issue for a bigger child.
The tray height from the floor seems a little low, has anyone noticed if this highchair sits the same or lower than other highchairs on the market?
The pad seems to be too thin with hard plastic all around. Is it comfy enough for my 4-months old baby?
The top white chair part swivels about 2 inches in each direction. The silver base pole is staying stationary. Is this normal?
Does the crotch post come off on the newer model also? And does this come with the tray as of 2015
Does the white have a cool greenish tinge to it? I've seen pics of the white with the white seat cover and they look like two dif. shades of white.
What is the diameter of the base? I want to know if it has a smaller than other highchairs as we live in a small space.
The tray is much much smaller than other high chairs. Is this an issue for anyone? we want to use this for a toddler as well.
What is the height of the front rail?
What size mattress would fit this crib sungly with no spaces at the sides?
i recieve the bed but without bolts,nuts, wrench and wood dowels
Can you slide the side down to lay baby on the mattress and then slide it back up?
Where can I buy replacement screws, nuts, and bolts?
Are the metal connectors that you attach to the wooden mattress base supposed to be a little loose? The connectors don't fit snug on the mattress base
Is the "natural" color more of a white wood like pine or yellow like oak?
Is the "natural" color more of a white wood like pine or yellow like oak?
what does it mean in the description '60 days parts'??
What is the baby weight limit for this crib?
Can you guarantee which color I get when I order? If I ask for a specific color will I get it? The last one I bought was incorrect color I wanted blue
Can I request a specific color?
Machine washable? I know it says wipeable...
Can I request a specific color?
Can this work as a handbag insert?
Is Cinderella on this thermos? All I see is Rapunzel.
does it keep milk warm..?
Does this product include a straw on the inside into the container?
to anybody happened that the silicone gets mold like inside the bottle where the silicone is?
does the print of the Disney Princess change &iuml;&frac14;&#159;
Can I get replacement parts for this? My daughter chewed the straw.
is it ok for hot
Do you have the other pattern "cinderella princess" on bottle?
Which one is better: thermos fountainer or thermos foogo?
Can it be used for smoothies and liquid yogurt? Which one is better thermos foo go or thermos fountainer
Will the Britax Boulevard "Click and Safe" fit on an airplane? Has anyone had experience using this carseat on airplanes?
carseats: what carseat should I buy for my 10 month old daughter?
when does this seat expire
Does this car seat fit in a Toyota Corolla?
Does head tilt forward sleeping in Britax Boulevard? Do the deep side wings prevent the child's head from tilting forward while sleeping?
Will the Britax Boulevard "Click and Safe" fit on an airplane? Has anyone had experience using this carseat on airplanes?
carseats: what carseat should I buy for my 10 month old daughter?
when does this seat expire
Does this car seat fit in a Toyota Corolla?
Does head tilt forward sleeping in Britax Boulevard? Do the deep side wings prevent the child's head from tilting forward while sleeping?
Britax seats in Prius? Any recommendations, Brtiax or otherwise?
Britax convertible- best for chubby baby boy? Any recommendations?
roundabout for Newborns? I am wondering about buying a convertible for our newborn. what are other experiences of folks who might have done that?
Does this seat work on an airplane?
Britax Convertible seats and cup holders? If not, does anyone know if there is a compatible accessory for Britax?
velcro? Does anyone know what this is for?
Does this seat make babies hot?
Britax car seat indent damage: Has anyone had a problem of this car seat ripping the cloth?
Britax Roundabout use with Maclaren Frame: Does anyone know if the Britaz Roundabout comes out of its base and can be popped onto the Maclaren Frame?
Expired 2002 Britax Roundabout: I feel like if anything was to ever happen to our child in a crash, I couldnt live with myself for using the old seat, but is it really as dangerous as my first time mother's imagination is making it seem?
Will the Britax Boulevard "Click and Safe" fit on an airplane? Has anyone had experience using this carseat on airplanes?
carseats: what carseat should I buy for my 10 month old daughter?
when does this seat expire
Does this car seat fit in a Toyota Corolla?
Does head tilt forward sleeping in Britax Boulevard? Do the deep side wings prevent the child's head from tilting forward while sleeping?
Will the Britax Boulevard "Click and Safe" fit on an airplane? Has anyone had experience using this carseat on airplanes?
carseats: what carseat should I buy for my 10 month old daughter?
when does this seat expire
Does this car seat fit in a Toyota Corolla?
Does head tilt forward sleeping in Britax Boulevard? Do the deep side wings prevent the child's head from tilting forward while sleeping?
Will the Britax Boulevard "Click and Safe" fit on an airplane? Has anyone had experience using this carseat on airplanes?
carseats: what carseat should I buy for my 10 month old daughter?
when does this seat expire
Does this car seat fit in a Toyota Corolla?
Does head tilt forward sleeping in Britax Boulevard? Do the deep side wings prevent the child's head from tilting forward while sleeping?
There is no latch. Can anyone tell me how the seat maintains its position when the kid is not riding? Also, is it considered three-pint harness?
does this car seat have the latch system?
Could I fit 2 seats plus a harness seat in the back of a Ford f-150 supercrew
The image picture shows 30 to 100 pounds. In the item description, it states 5 to 65 pounds. Which is correct? Thank you.
Does this convert to backless?
Is the padding machine washable?
How hard is it getting the seat belt in and out of the belt positioning guide?
Does this seat recline or is it one position only?
Does this seat fold for traveling and is it FAA approved?
Is this seat narrow? I need to be able to fit 2-3 seats in the back of my very small 02 Rav4 we have a Diono which is very narrow and fits well, don't want to spend that much for an extra seat again.
There is no latch. Can anyone tell me how the seat maintains its position when the kid is not riding? Also, is it considered three-pint harness?
does this car seat have the latch system?
Could I fit 2 seats plus a harness seat in the back of a Ford f-150 supercrew
The image picture shows 30 to 100 pounds. In the item description, it states 5 to 65 pounds. Which is correct? Thank you.
Does this convert to backless?
Is the padding machine washable?
How hard is it getting the seat belt in and out of the belt positioning guide?
Does this seat recline or is it one position only?
Does this seat fold for traveling and is it FAA approved?
Is this seat narrow? I need to be able to fit 2-3 seats in the back of my very small 02 Rav4 we have a Diono which is very narrow and fits well, don't want to spend that much for an extra seat again.
There is no latch. Can anyone tell me how the seat maintains its position when the kid is not riding? Also, is it considered three-pint harness?
does this car seat have the latch system?
Could I fit 2 seats plus a harness seat in the back of a Ford f-150 supercrew
The image picture shows 30 to 100 pounds. In the item description, it states 5 to 65 pounds. Which is correct? Thank you.
Does this convert to backless?
Is the padding machine washable?
How hard is it getting the seat belt in and out of the belt positioning guide?
Does this seat recline or is it one position only?
Does this seat fold for traveling and is it FAA approved?
Is this seat narrow? I need to be able to fit 2-3 seats in the back of my very small 02 Rav4 we have a Diono which is very narrow and fits well, don't want to spend that much for an extra seat again.
There is no latch. Can anyone tell me how the seat maintains its position when the kid is not riding? Also, is it considered three-pint harness?
does this car seat have the latch system?
Could I fit 2 seats plus a harness seat in the back of a Ford f-150 supercrew
The image picture shows 30 to 100 pounds. In the item description, it states 5 to 65 pounds. Which is correct? Thank you.
Does this convert to backless?
Is the padding machine washable?
How hard is it getting the seat belt in and out of the belt positioning guide?
Does this seat recline or is it one position only?
Does this seat fold for traveling and is it FAA approved?
Is this seat narrow? I need to be able to fit 2-3 seats in the back of my very small 02 Rav4 we have a Diono which is very narrow and fits well, don't want to spend that much for an extra seat again.
Is this chair solid wood, or does it contain MDF/particleboard?
could i buy a tray for this kind of chair?
does this high chair slide under the table so the childs stomach is flush with the table or is the front bar too high to slide under table
what is height of arms
How tall is the bar in from of the chair?
The Winco CHH-104 High Chair - Are they stackable??
Where is this chair made? USA?
what is the height of the chair
Do these chairs stack easily?
Does the chair tip over if the child moves around or tries to stand in the chair?
What exactly is the learning tower, what benefit can be expected from this toy for the child?
Can the outer buttressing feet be left off to prevent tripping etc? Can anyone give advantages of the Learning Tower over the Guidecraft model?
What age would you say this appropriate for? My daughter is 15 months and her Montessori recommend it but I'm not sure if she's still too little.
Does the platform move easily? It looks as though putting a bit of weight on one side would make it come out of the grooves. Have you had this problem
how high is the platform?
Would a 43 pound 4 year old be too old for this? He usually just stands on a chair to help in the kitchen, but wants to feel more secure.
The natural colored stool is labeled as brown. before i order i just want to make sure i'm getting the natural and not a brown color.
How does the child get into this, do they have to be put in by an adult?
how strong was the smell (I assume this is MDF) when arrived?
What's the weight limit for kids to be in it?
Has anyone used for an Uppababy CRUZ bassinet? I know it works with the VISTA, but we are getting the CRUZ bassinet, which is I think is smaller. TIA
Does this fit the Badger Moses Basket?
How does the UB vista bassinet reach its full height potential when in this stand, w/o collapsing in, since it can't latch in for full extension?
Does it fit the Bugaboo Cameleon3 Bassinet?
does it work with bugaboo cameleon 3 - is it stable? anyone knows the advantages of using this vs. a bugaboo stand?
Does this work with the Bugaboo Cameleon 3?
Does this bassinet stand have a function where it can just be stationary and not rock? Like some sort of stopper to prevent rocking if desired?
What is the maximum size of the bassinet that will fit? i.e. internal dimensions of the "hoop" that holds the bassinet
Does this stand work with the 2015 model Uppababy Vista bassinet?
Does it come already fully assembled? Is it possible to take it apart when not in use and put it together again later?
What are the dimensions of the bed once it's inflated?
what age does this bed go up to? We have an almost 4 year old -- how long will she be able to use it?
we are headed to Orlando soon. Would you bring this with you if traveling by plane or just use what the hotel provides in terms of a cot/roll away bed
How young a child can use this bed?
What is the voltage rating on the electric pump? Is it 110v only or can it handle 240v?
Dimentions
Curious if anyone has tried this on a tile floor. Wanting to try this for trip to Guatemala. Will the "cold" seep up through the mattress?
How big is it when deflated? Will it fit easily into a medium size suitcase?
It looks like there are big ridges in the inflatable mattress is it comfortable?
What size is this airbed? The info says 9x6. I'm sure thts not right
Where are the bottles made?
Do the nipples and collars also fit on the 80ml bottles?
Does this set come with 2 adapter for bags
Can the storage bags that come with this set be used with the manual pump?
Does it come with nipples and collars? i only see lids and caps pictured.
Are the storage bags reusable?
What is the nipple size that comes with it? Is it appropriate for newborns?
Are these compatible with the Mebby pump? It's the only one my insurance will provide.
do they fit with Avent breast pump?
Will this work with the ameda purely yours pump?
Will this work with the lifefactory bottles?
Will this work with born free glass bottles?
does this work with a born free bottle?
Does this work with the evenflo glass bottles?
do they work with avent natural bottles too?
Do these fit well on the GLASS natural Avent bottles?
Are they BPA FREE?
Do these work with the natural AVENT bottles?
Does this sealing disc fit into natural bottle?
Do these work with GLASS natural Avent bottles?
Does this work with the Max Cosi AP?
does this adaptor fit the cybex aton car seat?
is thia adapter work only with maxi cosi car set
Does this adaptor fit older stokke models too?
can this adaptor fit the maxi cosi cabrio fix car seat?
If I use these to store breast milk, how do I seal them?
Can you technically use these for any bottle?
is it save/can you freeze milk in the playtex drop ins?
does it fit in any kind of bottle...suppose; Dr.brown's 4oz ones?
does it fit in any kind of bottle...suppose; Dr.brown's 4oz ones?
Do I need to purchase anything else for this item?
Does this fold up like a pack n play??
What are the dimensions of its box?
Can small newborns be placed directly inside this bassinet to sleep? Saw photos where an additional positioner was put inside.
is the sheet "Waterproof" or do you need to use a matress protector?
how do you clean it? is it washable ? thanks
Anybody use this for twins? Wanting to keep the babies' close to me for a couple of months.
It says this can also be used as a changing table, how does that work?
What are the dimensions and thickness of the mattress itself? What is the mattress made out of?
Is this mesh on all 4 sides of the sleeping/bassinet area?
Do they come with slow, medium or fast flow nipples?
Does anyone notice a different measurement system with Evenflo? 1 ounce from Avent is slightly less than what is indicated on Evenflo.
Do these bottles leak while feeding baby or is there a strong seal around neck of bottle and ring?
Does anyone know how to warm up this bottle straightly from refrigerator without breaking it or destorying breast milk's nutrient?
have you tried putting this bottle in a freezer?
Why do 8oz bottles come with SLOW nipples? Is not like a baby under 6 mo old would need a 8oz bottle. What is going on Evenflo?
Do these bottles have measurement markings so you can tell how many ounces are in the bottle?
how do you sterilize them?
Why were they discontinued?
Do you boil the ring and cap to sanitize as well? Concerns about boiling plastic?
Do you know if these attach to a Medela pump?
Which nipple does it come with?
What is the recommended way to sterilize these bottles? Can they be sterilized in an electric baby bottle sterilizer?
Can these bottles be used to store breastmilk as is or do I need to get the flat caps?
Do these bottles come with [flat] caps for storage in the refrigerator?
any chance these bottles can fit 5 ounces? thanks!
Do these bottle particular come with the disk cover? Or is it a separate item that needs to be purchased?...it's been 16 years since I bought them...
Do these fit on ameda breast pump?
What other brands of nipples fit? I'm trying to buy newborn nipples for these bottles just in case their slow nipple is still too fast for the baby.
Where are these bottles made?
I've just received my product and it cames in a different colour. Furthermore It's for babies up to 18 months instead of 24, as advertised.
What are the weight and dimensions of the shipping box?
what changing pad cover can we buy for this bathinette? Not sure the baby will enjoy the plastic feeling of the pad
Hello, i would like to know the package size to see if it is comfortable to transport by air. Thank you very much.
Can the front tray be removed?
Is this product really interference free? What is the range?
conflicting answers if this camera can be battery operated. Does anyone have it and know if it is battery operated?
Where can I buy the battery for this monitor?
What is the model# as my research revealed a past recall on this unit?
Can you move the camera remotely so that you can see the baby if the baby goes out of the field of view?
Can you move the camera remotely so that you can see the baby if the baby goes out of the field of view?
is the video unit wireless?
Please how can I contact the seller? The system show me that was delivered but the hotel said there was nothing there. I have to contact the seller
Does the video monitor go in some sort of sleep mode so that it doesn't shine bright in the parents bedroom all night?
So, why do the different colors cost different? It's just a different color, right?
our vehicle does not have a Latch system to attach a car seat to. Will this work with a regular seat belt?
What are safety ratings on this car seat.
Anyone used the Safety 1st Alpha Omega Elite Convertible Car Seat on an airplane? We were wondering if anyone has any expeirence with this car seat on an airplane?
I installed this car seat rear facing and it tilts forward towards the back does not seem safe am I installing wrong?
Is the cup holder removable?
When in the expiration date for the safety 1st nitron car seat?
Does this car seat help when baby falls asleep and head falls forward? Or does anyone have sggestions for that?
Is it safe to buy the discontinued one? Is only the color discontinued or the model itself?
Will this car seat fit in my 2014 honda civic? i want to put it in the middle because it's safest but i'm not sure if it will fit. please help!
Whats the difference between 1 count and 2 count for size
Age group
How many words? what is the material of these cards? plastics? papers?
The description says that these are bilingual. Are they available in Spanish and English?
are they in French?
What material is it stuffed with? Does this have plastic beads inside?
Can I hook the animal to a different type of pacifier? My son doesn't take these soothies.
Is this made in China or the USA? All others are made in USA except this. I suppose all descriptions are same?
Is this infant size?
How do i wash this?
Can you attach a different pacifier or only the one it comes with?
Do the flanges on the Avent Isis iQ Duo Twin Breast Pump work for large breasts? I was curious to see if this pump would work good for a women with large breasts?
Anyone gets the manual pump parts?? Does anyone buy this product recently with the manual pump parts in the box?
Will this pump work with Playtex bottles?
Double or single breast pump, which way should we go?
hands-free? Has anyone found a way to use this pump hands-free?
What is the maximum weight these toys handle? I know they are for kids, but I also know adults are tempted to try them out...
What is the weight limit?
Does this product come with the pump?
Is a one year old too young for this? he's a little guy!
Does this come packed in a box product box, or is the actual 'cow' directly put in the shipping box ?
How long does it hold one "inflation"?
A lot of negative fdbk about pump recommended on Amazon site. What is the best pump for this?
Is the black cow all black, or does it have white spots?
How do you know how much air to pump into it? Anyone have one pop on them?
what do you use to inflate it? Does any of the hand pumps sold on Amazon work to inflate it?
How do I wash this pillow? It has a very musty, almost barn-like smell to it and it permeates through the pillowcase.
What is the actual size of this pillow? Many reviews state that it is very small and one reviewer listed the size as bigger than the product info.
do you think it is good for 4.5 year old or a stander size will be better? He started to use a twin bed today?
Is this pillow more on the flatter side or fluffier side?
Does this pillow have a removable, washable cover? If not, how does one find a pillowcase that fits it?
How can you tell the difference between the stage 1 and 2 nipples? I want to try adding stage 2 and it looks identical to stage 1.
are they hard to clean. we are haveing our second baby and we used dr brwon the first time they were great but the cleaning was bad.
will these fit the first years double mipump?
Will these bottles fit the Avent breast pump?
Are these bottles glass or plastic?
are the nipples included in the set stage 1 or stage 2 nipples?
Is the inner (blue plastic) part of the nipple the same between stage 1 and stage 2 nipples?
Will my medela hand pump fit the bottles?
Can this be shipped to another country??
Are these OK to freeze?
why does this say "disposable"? I already have the medela bottles with me
Does this come in sterile packaging?
Has anyone tried to use it to supplement with formula? Does it work well or is the formula too thick for the tubing?
is this one time use?
I am unable to get the supplement to go through the tubing. I have followed the directions, but can't seem to get it to work. Any ideas?
Does this hook over the Front door of an NYC apartment? Or is it too small, and just for closet doors?
Does this work with Baby Jogger City Select on a closet door? (supposedly only 28lbs, but feels so much heavier than that!)
Will it fit doors that 1"3/4?
Does this work with the Chicco Liteway&reg; Plus Stroller? TIA!
Does this work with umbrella strollers, two handles?
does this work for the Quinny xtra buzz stroller?
Will this work with a Bugaboo Bee?
Has anyone used this with a Baby Jogger City Mini? Any issues?
Will this work with the Uppababy Vista?
Anyone use this for a Double stroller?
GRACO TURBO BOOSTER SEAT: DOES ANY ONE KNOW HOW THIS WORKS IN THE MIDDLE OF THE BACK SEAT WHERE THERE IS NO SHOULDER HARNESS?
How do you keep a toddler from opening seat belt latches? Any ideas beside stapling him to the seat?
Cleaning this chair: Does the seat have a washable removable cover?
Graco Booster with high back fairy tale: is this seat acually safe if it does not strap to the vehicle?
is it in the box
what is the manf. date printed on seat before I purchase?
Will this latch onto any Graco double stroller?
does the base come with the seat
What is the date printed on the bottom of the car seat? I was told they are only good for 6 years.
Will this work with the Vance double stroller?
Does it come with the base?
can i order an extra base with this carseat?
is this okay for a 10 month old baby
Do this come with a fitted sheet? If not where can I purchase them?
Can the bassinet bumper be removed? Bumpers are a suffocation risk.
How big of a baby would be comfortable sleeping in this? We're looking for a bed for the RV but don't want our baby to grow out of it too fast.
Will mini co-sleeper canopy fit this travel crib? I'm wondering if anyone has tried this canopy or found one that fits the travel crib?
sheet for "betsey" graco travel lite crib w/bassinet: is sheet shown in picture included with graco travel lite crib w/bassinet?
a REAL full size playpen/play yard: Does any one know if they still make these??
is the tray removable?
Does the AC adapter (plug) come with the swing?
Does this plug-in at all or does it run just on batteries?
One review mentions a mirror but I don't see one in any of the pictures. Is there a mirror for baby to check out their reflection? (rainforest model)
Does this need a push to start or is it powerful enough to self-start swinging? Any known motor issues?
Does the seat adjust?
Does it have a 5 point restraint system or a 3 point?
I also need the seat cover because my puppy chewed ours up! Where can this be purchased?
The seat cover was torn - where can I buy a new seat cover? Any ideas where I can buy only the seat cover to replace it?
Music stopped working: Anyone know what could be going on here or how to fix it?
Has anyone with a boy had a good experience? I like that this potty looks like a potty and it has the flusher, but the reviews say "not for boys."
everything on the carton is in another language than english....including the recording...this was not indicated in you advertisement...please advise
how do you change the batteries?
how to take it apart for storage
How tall is the seat?
will it work on padded (upholstered) dining chairs? Anyone know?
How long can I use it: Can this booster do the job?
Will This chair ruin a wooden Dining room chair?
Leather, padded chairs: Has anyone else tried using this chair on leather, padded chairs?
How wide is this? Can anyone tell me how wide the dining chair must be to accommodate this?
FP space saver high chair and washability? Hi just wondered about the seat cover and machine washability?
does this sound machine stay on? Does this automatically shut off or stay on?
Is the night light optional? Is the night light always on when the machine is on, or is it optional?
will it play all night long?
is it battery operated
Does it came with AC adapter? It's 110-220V?
How does the timer work? Is it an hour or are there options?
How do I turn off the light that emits out of the center of the machine? Not the nightlight that you turn on and off by pressing the top.
Is there a volume control button for the built-in sounds?
Is there a headphone jack?
It says it has more than one sound but I can't figure out what they are bc everyone only seems to use white noise
for Frustration-Free Packaging The description says it 5 x 5 x 5 inches, 3.4 pound. is this Product Information accurate?
The description says it needs 2 AA batteries, but reviews say D batteries. Which is true? And how many?
Does this have to be mounted on a crib? Can it be used on a pack and play?
i bought this moble and love it ..i wanted to know what the blue button on top is for? Is it another light?
Hi once you have the canopy on the arm how do you get it off to pack it away ?
Does this have a light that glows into the crib? I don't want a separate night light for my son.
Does the mobile turn like a carousel?
how to take canopy and arm apart
Just received this mobile and I love it...however, the remote doesn't seem to work (fresh batteries)...not sure what seems to be wrong.
Trying to disassemble this product (the mobile from the arm that pops in). Please let me know how to take these two pieces apart.
What are the dimensions when the crib is assembled? All I see is product dimensions for shipping.
Does a standard size mini mattress fit into this crib?
How tall are the legs? I am thinking about putting a drawer (trundle style) underneath.
Has anyone been able to find teething guards to put on the front and side rails? I can only find ones for standard size cribs.
Is this grib big enouch for an 18 month old 25.b baby
Hello, I bought the Delta Rilye Mini Crib and wanted to know where can I buy the conversion set to convert the mini crib into a twin size bed. Thx
Do you need to purchase anything else to convert these into a twin bed? (Ie rails)
Has anyone been able to move this from room to room? (Does it fit through a standard size door?)
is the mattress 3 inches thick
What is the maximum weight limit for this mini crib?
What are the dimensions when the crib is assembled? All I see is product dimensions for shipping.
Does a standard size mini mattress fit into this crib?
How tall are the legs? I am thinking about putting a drawer (trundle style) underneath.
Has anyone been able to find teething guards to put on the front and side rails? I can only find ones for standard size cribs.
Is this grib big enouch for an 18 month old 25.b baby
Hello, I bought the Delta Rilye Mini Crib and wanted to know where can I buy the conversion set to convert the mini crib into a twin size bed. Thx
Do you need to purchase anything else to convert these into a twin bed? (Ie rails)
Has anyone been able to move this from room to room? (Does it fit through a standard size door?)
is the mattress 3 inches thick
What is the maximum weight limit for this mini crib?
I am wondering the materials of the pillow? I see someone said the inside is polyester, but what is the cover?
Does this pillow contain fire retardant chemicals?
The demensions listed is 25 x 24 x 14 inches. What is the true length?
Is the cover removable?
Hello, I see that the title say "organic" but in the description it only says 100% cotton. Is the cover organic cotton? What about the inside?
Can I use this for newborn? Can I let the baby nap in this or just for playing/leisure?
My baby is already 6 months. Wanted to get a bouncer to sooth her to sleep. When does a baby outgrow of it? Thanks.
Is it ok to prop my babies feet up on the couch so she can bounce herself? She loves that and really gets going! But I want to make sure it's safe!
what is the difference between the bouncer soft and babysitter?
At what age does an infant outgrow this?
Can I use this for a newborn? I can get balance for a decent price in my location but balance soft much pricier.
Helow , do you have direct shiping to saudi arabia ' and do you have extra cover
Does it come with a cover bag that I can easily take along in a flight?
What material is the brown/beige one made from? is it 100% cotton (like the rust/orange)?
Do you need a vibrating bouncer AND this chair? I will be getting a swing for sure, to keep downstairs. Should I get a vibrating bouncer for upstairs?
Is the playmat what eventually becomes the seat or is that something else entirely?
Is the seat easy to remove and replace for washing?
how to turn on and leave on the flashing lights and music on the evenflo exersaucer
How stable is the third feature? I had one like this before and didn't like how unstable it seemed, so we didn't use it.
Two questions: (1) Does the seat rotate so baby can move around to the toys behind her? (2) Is there actually a bounce in it? If so, where is it? (seat, or base??). Quick replies appreciate, I was hoping to decide in the next couple of days. Thanks!
Is this product made in China? or USA?
How many activities - Evenflo ExerSaucer Triple Fun - Jungle: How many activities are there with the Evenflo ExerSaucer Triple Fun - Jungle: ASIN: B001H0GF10?
What weight will it support?
I recently purchased this for my 7 month old. She loves it but it makes a horrible squeaking noise every time she bounces. Is that normal? Thanks.
Could it be used outdoors on a sturdy tree branch?
what the earliest age I can start using it?
What's the min. height? My son's 4.5 mons old, 85% for height, but he still sinks in with shoulders below the toy tray. Are we doing something wrong?
What's the weight limit?
does it attach to a doorframe
whAt kind of door frame does it require?
how tall can your ceiling be for the evenfloe jump and go
Does the doorway have to be framed in order to hold the clasp?
What weight will it support?
I recently purchased this for my 7 month old. She loves it but it makes a horrible squeaking noise every time she bounces. Is that normal? Thanks.
Could it be used outdoors on a sturdy tree branch?
what the earliest age I can start using it?
What's the min. height? My son's 4.5 mons old, 85% for height, but he still sinks in with shoulders below the toy tray. Are we doing something wrong?
What's the weight limit?
does it attach to a doorframe
whAt kind of door frame does it require?
how tall can your ceiling be for the evenfloe jump and go
Does the doorway have to be framed in order to hold the clasp?
Would this part fit into other regular single Contours strollers by Kolcraft? Mine is missing. :( The model I have ZL018.
So this adapter will not work with the Britax B-safe carseat?
Will this fit a Baby Trend Sit &amp; Stand LX Phantom stroller?
I have a Cosco car seat and a Graco snap n go stroller. With this hold it? (The snap n go does not have a belt to go across the car seat.)
How to Install on Volkswagen Golf models, can upload a video?
can i use this for my baby trend latch-loc car seat as an adapter for my bugaboo cameleon
Will this item fit into a jeep overland jogging stroller?
Will this work with the Graco classic connect 35?
Will this adapter work for my Combi Cosmo Ex stroller that i bought in 2006?
Does anyone know if the evanflo journey car seat will fit on this attachment?
What are these covers made of?
Is the cover true to size?
What is the difference between a thirsties duo wrap as opposed to diaper cover?
anyone use over disposable diapers?
What are these covers made of?
Is the cover true to size?
What is the difference between a thirsties duo wrap as opposed to diaper cover?
anyone use over disposable diapers?
What are these covers made of?
Is the cover true to size?
What is the difference between a thirsties duo wrap as opposed to diaper cover?
anyone use over disposable diapers?
What are these covers made of?
Is the cover true to size?
What is the difference between a thirsties duo wrap as opposed to diaper cover?
anyone use over disposable diapers?
Where is this made?
whats better? uppababy g-lux, mountain buggy nano, or nuna pepp?
What year model is this?
Does it look as though your child is still in a very reclined position even when they are in the upmost position of the stroller?
airplane
What is the minimum weight requirement for using this stroller?
do you need to take off the cup holder before folding?
Where is this made?
whats better? uppababy g-lux, mountain buggy nano, or nuna pepp?
What year model is this?
Does it look as though your child is still in a very reclined position even when they are in the upmost position of the stroller?
airplane
What is the minimum weight requirement for using this stroller?
do you need to take off the cup holder before folding?
Where is this made?
whats better? uppababy g-lux, mountain buggy nano, or nuna pepp?
What year model is this?
Does it look as though your child is still in a very reclined position even when they are in the upmost position of the stroller?
airplane
What is the minimum weight requirement for using this stroller?
do you need to take off the cup holder before folding?
Is there a weight restriction? It comes with one sheet?
what are the inside play area dimensions?
Just ordered the Joovy Room2 any suggestions for sheets that fit without breaking the bank.
how much does it weigh ?
Is the bottom of this playpen a board?? as in a very hard surface?
does the mattress lay completely flat in Joovy2
What is the depth of the playpen
I purchased this and wanted to get an additional mattress or some padding. Does anyone have experience with this?
I am concerned about the hard postings at the corners. My baby is crawling&amp; pulling himself up and fall back. Anyone have a probl. w. baby hitting it?
what kind of pad is in the bottom?
Is there a weight restriction? It comes with one sheet?
what are the inside play area dimensions?
Just ordered the Joovy Room2 any suggestions for sheets that fit without breaking the bank.
how much does it weigh ?
Is the bottom of this playpen a board?? as in a very hard surface?
does the mattress lay completely flat in Joovy2
What is the depth of the playpen
I purchased this and wanted to get an additional mattress or some padding. Does anyone have experience with this?
I am concerned about the hard postings at the corners. My baby is crawling&amp; pulling himself up and fall back. Anyone have a probl. w. baby hitting it?
what kind of pad is in the bottom?
How do you reduce clumping while mixing? I've tried formula first, mix a little at a time, what am I doing wrong?
Can this pitcher be sterilized in boiling water for 10 min? I didn't see that guidance in the instructions and worry about boiling plastic.
since this is to prepare baby formula, do you need to sterilize the pitcher as well?
Does it have mL markings on the side or only ounce markers?
Is this pitcher microwave safe? did somebody found information from Dr. Brown? thanks.
Has anyone used this pitcher with GERBER formula? For whatever reason, gerber clumps and I have tried everything so hopefully this pitcher works.
My dr recommended mixing 1/2 formula with 1/2 breastmilk due to supply issues. Could I do that with this mixing pitcher?
Once you've prepared a pitcher of formula, do the bottles need to be reshaken then before being given to baby?
Riddle me this! Say I mix 16oz water with 8 Scoops and the result is 18oz of total liquid to pour into bottles, is baby getting 18oz or 16???
After you make it, do you heat it up by putting the bottle in a bowl of warm water for feedings?
Is there a weight restriction? It comes with one sheet?
what are the inside play area dimensions?
Just ordered the Joovy Room2 any suggestions for sheets that fit without breaking the bank.
how much does it weigh ?
Is the bottom of this playpen a board?? as in a very hard surface?
does the mattress lay completely flat in Joovy2
What is the depth of the playpen
I purchased this and wanted to get an additional mattress or some padding. Does anyone have experience with this?
I am concerned about the hard postings at the corners. My baby is crawling&amp; pulling himself up and fall back. Anyone have a probl. w. baby hitting it?
what kind of pad is in the bottom?
Regarding the bassinet: Can anyone recommend a good brand of sheets to use that will fit? We plan to have the baby bedside for a little while.
What year is the stroller listed manufactured? I canont find the information anywhere.
Uppababy Vista 2010: Release date?
Hi is this the 2013 model?
Regarding the bassinet: Can anyone recommend a good brand of sheets to use that will fit? We plan to have the baby bedside for a little while.
What year is the stroller listed manufactured? I canont find the information anywhere.
Uppababy Vista 2010: Release date?
Hi is this the 2013 model?
Regarding the bassinet: Can anyone recommend a good brand of sheets to use that will fit? We plan to have the baby bedside for a little while.
What year is the stroller listed manufactured? I canont find the information anywhere.
Uppababy Vista 2010: Release date?
Hi is this the 2013 model?
Does this bassinet fit the Baby Jogger City Mini GT Double? I noticed it stated for single strollers only but I wanted to make sure.
Does this really come with the car seat adaptor? One reviewer said not. Which adaptor is required? I have the Britax B Safe adaptor.
Which rain cover fits this bassinet?
Does this bassinet fit the new 2013 Summit X3?
Does this car seat adaptor work for the Britax chaperone car seat?
Does this adaptor work with the Baby Jogger City Elite double stroller with a Baby Trend Flex Loc car seat?
Can this particular adapter be used with a Maxi-Cosi carseat with my DOUBLE Baby Jogger 2014 city select stroller?
What is the adaptor for? Do i have to buy a Baby Jogger City Select Car Seat to fit?
Will this work with Chico key fit 30 and the baby jogger city series (I think I have a 2007 single)
Will this work for the Baby Trend Travel System Car Seats?
who bought this and it worked for baby jogger double summit x3 for chicco key fit 30?
Can I use this adaptor with the City Mini stroller?
Does this bassinet fit the Baby Jogger City Mini GT Double? I noticed it stated for single strollers only but I wanted to make sure.
Does this really come with the car seat adaptor? One reviewer said not. Which adaptor is required? I have the Britax B Safe adaptor.
Which rain cover fits this bassinet?
Does this bassinet fit the new 2013 Summit X3?
Can you please give me the dimensions of this Boon Bug Pod Bath Toy Scoop- in Red.
Are the adhesive strips removable?
Which scoop stores more toys - frog, bug or whale?
Hi! written that can be mounted on the adhesive strips, it goes in the kit or need to buy separately?
how many bottles in the box
does this set come with both level 1 and level 2 nipples?
Can I pump directly into these bottles?
I bought some new bottles and boiled the nipples but they do not flow like the used ones my sister gave me. What's the trick to new nipples??
What is level one and level two ? for how old babies?
What is the difference between pack of 1 and pack of 2?
Are these bottles the older ones that are clear or the newer ones, kind of foggy? Pls let me know.
Can I chance the nipples for bigger ones when the baby grow up or I have to buy other bottles?
It is confusing. Is is really BPA free or not? The names says BPA, the description says BPA free, I see BPA free on the picture of the BOX.
Is natural flow same as slow flow nipples?
Does it protect from Sun as well?
Has anyone used this on a Jeep running stroller?
Does this fit for graco 35 car seat and stroller?
Is it going to be fit on Britax B agile3 or b agile travel system??
Can this fit over completely the Britax B-Ready stroller with car seat?
can this fit a peg perego pliko mini umbrella stroller?
Will it fit a Graco click connect stroller?
Would this fit the b agile stroller?
Has anyone used it on a Uppababy G-Luxe?
How does it fit a Chicco stroller?
What are the measurements of this bag? The specs say 6x5, but that appears to be incorrect.
are the straps velcro? is the opening large enough to fit a soccer ball through it?
Can the jeep twin sport umbrella stroller be folded up with two of these bags on it?
Can I use this bag with Jeep Cherokee Sport Stroller?
WHAT REAL SIZES OF BAG?
Can this be used with the double jeep stroller? Thanks!
will an umbrella stroller topple over when you have the bag filled and no child in the stroller?
Can the stroller be folded up with the bag on?
Exactly what material is this? Is it machine washable?
Does it lay flat like a computer chair mat? Could you run a vacuum over it?
Is the mat BPA free?
Are you able to use a broom on this?
Would it work for a desk chair mat over carpet?
What color is the mat?
Does the mat say "Jeep" anywhere on it?
Will it really take 1 to 3 months to ship?????
Does this car seat have a latch system?
How much does this car seat recline?
Does this car seat have a lap belt system?
Does The car seat Can be disassembled to fit inside a suitcase?
Does this turn into a backless booster?
harness until what wheight?
is this a good car seat for a one year old
Hi, Are these STANDARD neck size bottles?
Is it microwave safe? instead of using bottle warmer, can I just directly warm up the milk in the bottle via microwave?
Are these better than advent? My baby has problems taking to the bottle will this be better?
Can you use with Medela pump?
Which size are these two bottles, one for 8 oz and one for 4 oz ?
Why does the description say "discontinued"?
Can I use the bottles without the internal vent? I have a 16 months old.
What size bottles r these I ordered
How tall are the 8 oz bottles (with cap)?
what flow nipples come with this pack ? i mean 1, 2, 3 or 4?
I'm not breastfeeding anymore,those nipplete can help me anyways?
so does this twin pack come with only one nipplete or two?
it says twin pack but only one is shown in the picture, is there two niplettes?
where to buy supple cups
Can I just wear them for 8 hours at night, or should I wear them both day and night?
Hi, I'm in Australia. Just wondering if you can send it as a standard parcel instead of a registered one?
There are no details about the size of the nipplette? What is the diameter? Everyone is different so this seems to be important information missing.
is the shipping discreet
I am seeing this item elsewhere on Amazon and I'm having trouble verifying if the are the same as the Organic Beco Butterfly II Brown Base?
would this work for a plus size individual?
Is this organic or not? The links pointing to this page say it is, but neither the name at the top of this page nor the product features mention it.
Does this also fit the Marathon?
Does this seat cover work for the Britax Advocate 70 CS? I can't seem to find a cover anywhere
Does this cover fit the Roundabout 55 with the black base?
Hello- I have Britax Marathon 70 G3 - will this fit?
Will this cover work with a marathon CS?
Is this a replacement cover, or is it just a slip cover that goes over the original cover?
The roundabout cover that I have is very warm. Is this one cooler or do the children sweat a bit in it?
Does this fit the roundabout 50 classic?
Anyone know if the roundabout cover will fit a marathon car seat?
Does it fit the Marathon Seat? I can't seem to find a britax marathon seat cover anywere
My son is 10 months old and 19 lbs now. Will he overgrow this soon or is it worth the buy now?
I want to get a black one but worried about lint. How does it wash out? Do you ned to remove a lot of lint? I had that problem with my baby ktan
Can you put the baby on the front facing forward?
Can the child sit both facing out and facing in? ( towards the mother or seeing the world )
whats that tan fabric around the carrier? is it for the babies head? also would a 2 month old baby whos 13 pounds need an insert
Does the baby overheat in this carrier during the summer?
My son is just over six months and weighs 21 lbs. Can we use the Ergo Original front facing without an insert?
Does this fit a plus size woman?
is this good for hiking for the day?
does it fit dream on me mattress
I want to order the organic fitted sheets for the pack and play. Do I need to buy a MATTRESS first or does the sheet fit the top bassinet?
Will this fit over a mattress (for pack n play) or just the pad that the pack n play comes with?
I purchased a Graco Pack 'n Play Playard with Cuddle Cove Rocking Seat,Winslet and then purchased a 3" foam mattress for this. Will this sheet fit it
does this cover have elastic corners? will it fit a fisher price pac and play matress? i have a measurment of 38.6x27.6.
Has anybody tried these sheets with the Nuna Sena?
Is this for the bassinet or the playard?
Is this sheet waterproof?
Is this made in the USA?
Does this 7" extension come with pins?
Does this extender come with the pins to attach it to the gate?
Does this item work with the 29.5" Dreambaby LIBERTY gate?
thus this come with a crib or just the nursery accesseries
Does anyone know where to get any extra sheets that match the set?
is there any blue the comforter? Or is it all shades of brown?
Is this for a mini crib?
what country is this set made in?
what fabric is it made from?
What material are the pieces made of?
Can I wash it
What color is the bag?
Can anyone tell me what the packaging or tags say as far as what specific material(s) it's made of?
Where is this manufactured?
How big is it --what are dimensions of length x width x depth?
Will it fit a 48 inch opening
Can someone tell me how wide the openings are between the gate slats? I need a gate for a small puppy and I am worried she will slip right through
Has anyone used on an opening over 5 feet? Do you feel like it's strong if a baby or small animal were to lean or grab and hold on it?
What is the tightest space this will fit into? I have a 39inch sapce to put it in, and it sounds like this is too big.
My door opening is 43'' , i am not sure if i will need any extensions or not?
I have a 49" opening, will it fit?
Is this gate made out of metal?
what's the max height? my counter is 31" and it needs to be mounted below it.
my hall opening is 38 on the top and 361/2 on the bottom because of wood molding will the gate fit on the bottom?
will it fit a 62 inch opening?
how wide is the gate for a person to pass through (it looks a little narrow)?
Is this gate metal or plastic?
Does this gate work for an opening that is angled? It needs to go from a corner wall to a corner wall. There is not a flat wall to attach it to.
My mother has Rheumatoid Arthritis would this gate be too difficult to open? does it require a lot of hand strength?
Would this gate fit a space that is a bit less than 38in wide? My opening is more than 38 inches, but w the floor boards - the width is a little less
The opening that I want to secure is not straight across. Can I put this gate at a slight angle?
Do I need to buy separate screws on this gate, or it comes with the package?
how tall is this gate?
Has anyone had problems with fitting the 3.5" ext with this gate? I have and they don't fit exactly. Don't know which one is defective, or maybe both?
I have a three lb dog and wonder if the dog will slip through. Are the planks too wide?
Is the opening wider also? I use formula and the standard bottle is the same size as my formula scoop. Thanks!
Is this a set of THREE complete 8 ounce bottles for $12.38?
Is this bottle plastic or glass?
Was it easy for your baby to hold this bottle when they were able to to hold bottles?
Do these take the standard nipple or is there a wide mouth nipple that I'm not seeing?
I am just wondering if these bottles work with cleft lip/palate babies or do they have other bottles that are for these babies?
Are these bottles manufactured in China?
Can these be used without the anti colic attachments? Or would they leak? With just nipple and bottle ring.
Can I use this nipples for Playtex Drop in bottles?
Do these 8oz and 4oz wide neck bottles come with caps/lids?
Does anyone have a problem getting this one their shoulder with ONE hand? I saw the strap drop is only 9.5in..It's not in any stores near me to try:(
Does this bag come with straps that can hook on to a stroller/pram?
Do avent bottles fit into the outside side pockets? If so, is it the 'classic' avent bottles (their wider) or the 'natural'?
Does this bag zip on the top?
Is this bag comfortable to carry? I got one but it seems so uncomfortable, I don't know if I should return. Everyone seems to love it though.
Does it have pockets inside ?
has anyone had any problems with the straps coming apart?
How do you clean this bag?
Is this a fabric bag or one that is water resistant?
Is this bag big enough for two kids?
Does anyone have a problem getting this one their shoulder with ONE hand? I saw the strap drop is only 9.5in..It's not in any stores near me to try:(
Does this bag come with straps that can hook on to a stroller/pram?
Do avent bottles fit into the outside side pockets? If so, is it the 'classic' avent bottles (their wider) or the 'natural'?
Does this bag zip on the top?
Is this bag comfortable to carry? I got one but it seems so uncomfortable, I don't know if I should return. Everyone seems to love it though.
Does it have pockets inside ?
has anyone had any problems with the straps coming apart?
How do you clean this bag?
Is this a fabric bag or one that is water resistant?
Is this bag big enough for two kids?
Does anyone have a problem getting this one their shoulder with ONE hand? I saw the strap drop is only 9.5in..It's not in any stores near me to try:(
Does this bag come with straps that can hook on to a stroller/pram?
Do avent bottles fit into the outside side pockets? If so, is it the 'classic' avent bottles (their wider) or the 'natural'?
Does this bag zip on the top?
Is this bag comfortable to carry? I got one but it seems so uncomfortable, I don't know if I should return. Everyone seems to love it though.
Does it have pockets inside ?
has anyone had any problems with the straps coming apart?
How do you clean this bag?
Is this a fabric bag or one that is water resistant?
Is this bag big enough for two kids?
Does anyone have a problem getting this one their shoulder with ONE hand? I saw the strap drop is only 9.5in..It's not in any stores near me to try:(
Does this bag come with straps that can hook on to a stroller/pram?
Do avent bottles fit into the outside side pockets? If so, is it the 'classic' avent bottles (their wider) or the 'natural'?
Does this bag zip on the top?
Is this bag comfortable to carry? I got one but it seems so uncomfortable, I don't know if I should return. Everyone seems to love it though.
Does it have pockets inside ?
has anyone had any problems with the straps coming apart?
How do you clean this bag?
Is this a fabric bag or one that is water resistant?
Is this bag big enough for two kids?
Does this come with a feeder cap?
My baby does not have a cleft palate, but this is the only nipple he likes due to it's length. Wondering if there is a paci that is also extra long?
what is the content of this product? Does it come as in the picture (with feeder 150 ml + bottle 150ml, 2 nipples, 2 membranes and 2 discs)?
Does this fit a chicco keyfit 30 car seat?
Could anyone tell me if this fits the Britax Chaperone car seat?
Does this fit the Britax B Safe carseat?
Does this fit "Evenflo Nurture" Infant Car Seat?
Does anyone know if it fits Graco SnugRide car seat?
Can this fit the "Graco SnugRide Click Connect 35 Infant Car Seat - Echo"?
Would this fit the orbit baby car seat?
Could you have a blanket between the baby and the cover if needed? Is this like the JJ Artic, but lighter in "warmth" level?
Would this cover work okay in temperatures from 0-20 F? I can't tell if this would be thick enough to keep a baby truly warm in cold weather like that
Do you just use it on car seat or regular stroller seat too?
what is the difference between Beaba Babycook and Beaba Babycook Pro?
Is it made in French or made in China? Is it made in French or made in China?
replacement parts
Can you warm/thaw bottles in it?
I bought the product in the US but brought it to Israel. Will it work with 220V? Or should I use some kind of transformer? Thanks
Are there any made like this with stainless steel and made in USA?
is the water reservoir stainless steel? if not what is it made of?
can this be used to make rice/oatmeal cereal, by milling the grains?
Can shipping to China?
can you mill grains like brown rice in it?
Does this work well for a very large breasted mother?
Could you please tell me how to clean and disinfect the breast pumps?Please tell me the best way?
it's been 2 weeks since i've had this thing and one side already stopped working i'm a new mom and i need to pump i can't afford a new pump. help!
Is this a universal bottle connector
Does the pump is compatible with Avent Natural Bottles? What about if you buy the Avent Bottle Adapter?
Are the soft flanges more comfortable?
Does this pump work with Tommee tippee bottles? Or the first years breast flow bottles?
where can i find replacement tubes for the breastpump..ive gotten milk into it and i cant find replace,ent tubing for it
Is this a closed system ?
Is this pump compatible with milk storage bags ? Can milk be pumped directly to storage bags instead of bottles?
Is the material waterproof, or you have to buy a separate waterproof pad to use with it?
Is there a benefit to four-sided vs. the standard shaped changing pad?
What kind of changing pad cover do you use for this pad? Can you provide a specific example if possible? Thanks!
Do you secure it to your changing table by inserting the screw into the hole in the buckle or by screwing it through the security strap itself?
Can you use any kind of changing pad cover or do you have to buy a special kind since it's 4-sided instead of 2?
What change pad covers can you use with this?
The photo of this pad looks blue. Is this changing pad blue or white?
Would you recommend this for a daycare provider.
Will this changing pad fit an old Jenny Lind changing table?? It says it fits most standard changing tables, but the standard length is 26 inches...
What's the best way to attach this to a dresser?
What are the dimensions of the tub when it is inflated?
What are the INTERIOR dimensions of the tub when inflated? Am trying to get the tub with the biggest interior size. My baby is big.
Does it have a drain to empty the water?
If you've bought an air pump to use on this tub, which one did you buy?
Does the tub have a built in saddle horn to keep baby up?
Is the tub Phthlate free?
How many inches from the seat to the top of the back? Im trying to figure out if it comes up back behind the grown ups head...
Does it rock, swivel and glide, being 5' 3" will I be able to lay my head comfortably and how do you clean it?
What is the height of the product? The description says 80" but that can't be right.
Does this chair come with a warranty?
Does this require assembly?
Does it recline?
I read that it was a little low to the floor. How low exactly? Also any idea how many inches tall the back rest is?
can it be used to protect edges of a bed?
Am I able to use this size on a rectangle slate table that is 36 x 18?
WOuld this fit a 42 inch round table?
I have a corner tv stand that has 6 sides, would this work on a piece of furniture like that?
Would this stretch to 144"? I'd rather it be snug then get the next size up and have it pulled by the toddler.
Is this actually PVC free???
Is the frame metal or plastic?
What size pictures does this fit?
Can this frame hang on the wall or just stand up?
Is there room at the top for engraving names
Has anyone made a template for printing the pictures that you could share?
what is the first round in there? is the new born picture? (hidden in the knot)
I'm getting a Pali Torino crib, and this mattress looks to be 5" shorter and less wide than the crib. Has size been a problem?
What makes it fire retardant? I'm looking for a chemical free mattress. The chemicals used do not necessarily have an odor.
What have you purchased as a replacement for this when your child moved to a twin/full size bed? I absolutely adore this mattress.
shipping size? is it compresses?
We are looking at the Davinci Tyler Crib-- will this mattress fit? The dimensions seem off. The crib is listed as being42 3/8"H x 29 5/8"W x 56 5/8
Does the cover make any noise?
Is this really 57 inches long or is it 52 inches long? The davinci website lists willow mattress as 52 inches long which will fit the jenny crib
Has anyone used this mattress with Graco Lauren Crib?
Can you use it for the Babyletto
Da vinci 'kalani' mentions New zealand Pine wood, what is 'Jayden' made up of,same? how heavy is the crib,does the rail move on vigorous shaking?
is this black or brown black?
Is the ebony finish a true black or is it a very dark brown?
Does the front panel drop down for easier access to the baby?
I'm looking at buying this crib in Espresso. Any suggestions on dressers/changing tables that match the color?
do you have to purchase the full conversion kit seperately to change it to a full size bed
Is the base where the mattress sits made out of wood or is ut the metal spring base?
can the mattress be raised higher then shown in the picture?
how far apart are the slats on this crib?
Will it fit this mattress? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004...
How dark is the Espresso crib? It seems a little lighter than I would expect from an espresso piece of furniture.
Has anyone had any success attaching a mobile to this crib? Many mobile reviews comment on how they do not all fit on convertible cribs.
It says 4-in-1 convertible. What all does it convert to? Does it actually convert to a regular-sized bed, and not just a toddler/daybed?
Is there springs the mattress sits on or slates the mattress sits on?
Is the crib made from solid wood or some kind of engineered wood or composite?
Is the mattress and converter set seperate?
How is the smell of paint? My previous experience was horrible and we are actully beginning to look into buying a used one now. Many thanks,
Da vinci 'kalani' mentions New zealand Pine wood, what is 'Jayden' made up of,same? how heavy is the crib,does the rail move on vigorous shaking?
is this black or brown black?
Is the ebony finish a true black or is it a very dark brown?
Does the front panel drop down for easier access to the baby?
I'm looking at buying this crib in Espresso. Any suggestions on dressers/changing tables that match the color?
do you have to purchase the full conversion kit seperately to change it to a full size bed
Is the base where the mattress sits made out of wood or is ut the metal spring base?
Can 3 extension panels be added to one side, and just 1 extension panel to the other? I need the door to be closer to one side (not in center).
I have an opening that is 80 inches wide. Are there any expansion packs to make that fit?
We have an open den that has finished dry wall, no doors ever installed so would this gate be suitable for that? Or does is have to be attached to a door frame?
We have a den that has finished dry wall, no doors ever installed so would this gate be suitable for that? Or does is have to be attached to a door fr
Does the gate Door open to inside or to outside? as i want to use it for ladder so i need one with door open to outside. Thanks
What is the EXACT size between slats? I'd greatly appreciate an answer. Thanks! :)
is it possible to order extra mounting hardware
I want to put this in a ~48" opening. Will it go in straight,or will it need ot bow as with some other gates?
Does this close automatically?
how wide can the opening be? I have a 68 inch opening.
Is this the older version or the new version? The new version has the two large round knobs on the ends to fold it down. Looking for the old version.
Can this be used on a bunk bed with a bunkyboard (no box spring)?
Will this bed rail work on a toddler size bed with a crib mattress?
I don't have a boxspring on the bed I'll be using this guard rail on...will that be an issue?
Anyone know if it would work with a king mattress? (I know it says up to queen...but here's hoping)
can this product be used if 2 bed rails are needed for one bed?
Does anyone know how much electricity this uses? My electric bill is up from last year when we didn't use it. Now, it's on for about 10 hours a day.
Hi, I'm looking to replace my 1.8'' color handheld parent's unit. How can I do that?
Can you add a second camera to this set up? I know there is 2 channels but not sure if thats for 2 camera or 1
can this just work with pressure mounts or does it have to be screwed in the walls?
I have an entry way that is 54 inches wide. I want to insert this gate in this entry way. Can I expand this gate to fit this 54 in entry way?
I will need to remove the gate and put it. aside often. Does it come easily off the wall brackets?
we recently bought this gate and i have found that the gate is really hard to open/close....any suggestions on what we need to adjust?
Looking for a gate for a rabbit...with a walk thru as i keep having to jump over the temp gate i have...would this be a good one?
To remove the gate on occasion, do the sections come apart easily without major disassembling? or do you have to store it as a 6 ft long piece?
Our opening is exactly 72 inches wide. Will this gate accommodate that space and still be sturdy enough for a two and a half-year-old?
We have a tiny4LB Chihuahua who squeeze's between the bars of gates where the gate swings back. What is the largest opening anywhere between the bars?
I have a larger opening than six feet (it is b/tween the kitchen area and living room- big room. can I buy addl expansion pieces, if so, how? TY!
I have an opening 60" wide. When I adjust the gate's width, will it still be straight or will it bow forward?
why doesnt the summer infant baby monitor work anymore? we have only been using it for one month.
does the transmitter come with an AC adaptor
i cant get rid of the feedback when i turn up the volume
can this be plugged into a tv
I have a 2006 summer infant monitor and wondering if I got another camera and set it on a different channel would I be able to switch back and forth?
Is this compatible with the Summer Hand help model?
does this monitor measure room temperature?
I see where you can purchase extra cameras, but what about an extra monitor? It would be nice to have 2 monitors viewing the same camera.
do you need any regular batteries with this?
I have just received the mattress. It actually has the plastic cover (not cotton like any normal mattress)! What is that?!
I bought this mattress but my 18lb baby sinks down on it. Is it just me or this is NOT a firm mattress?
Does this mattress seem to "offgas" or have a chemical smell?
Will this fit the Babyletto Modo crib?
package size
Is this mattress good for a 2-4 year old? Thinking ahead once we convert to a toddler bed.
Is it necessary to use a waterproof mattress cover with this mattress since the mattress itself is waterproof?
How does this mattress fit with the Ikea Sniglar crib?
I have received this mattress from Amazon. With my Simmons Crib, I can fit my entire hand in the crack on the length &amp; the width. Please advise.
Is this mattress organic?
Is Ergobaby and ERGObaby the same company, and what's the difference between teething pads and sucking pads?
Can these be used as car seat strap covers too?
Do these fit around the Beco Gemini straps?
Has anybody actually used these with there carseats? Do they fit or are they too small?
Interference with WiFi network: Has anyone else been able to determine the specific frequency range (beyond just 2.4GHz) so it can be sidestepped?
Additional cameras: Which additional camera can I use with this video monitor?
Replacement batteries: Anybody know what type of replacement batteries work with Summer Best View?
Extra cord/charger? Anyone know where to buy an extra charging cord for this monitor?
Summer Infant Best View Handheld Color Video Monitor green static picture: Has anyone else ran into this issue?
Can I Buy Two of These &amp; Use Each Monitor With The Other Monitor's Camera? If I wanted to buy two of these Video Monitors (each comes with a camera and monitor), can I use both monitors with both cameras?
Multiple Cameras in the same room: Do, I need to buy an additional camera and monitor or do I need just an additional camera?
difference between "infant Best View" and "Slim and Secure"??? Anyone know the difference between the two Summer models (besides design)?
Can these be washed in hot water and what size would an 18 lb 8 month old need?
What size for Bumgenius 4.0? I am looking to use these as an overnight doubler in my Bumgenius 4.0 diapers.
Do I need to wash these 5 or so times before use??
What is the size of the medium and the large? Someone asked this questions, but the answer didn't say which size they were referring to.
Can these be dried in the dryer, or do they need to be line dried?
What is the measurement (in inches) across the MOST narrow part of the size medium and large inserts (not size small)? Thanks!
do these go inside of prefolds?? new to clothdiapering. we have bamboo/cotton prefolds n thirstiy duo wraps
What size is the most versatile? Small fits BG perfectly on the smallest rise setting, but I wonder about getting a large and folding it in half.
Do thy take a long time to dry?
Joey-Bunz contoured ones have 6 layers instead of the 4 in the doublers. Why not just use the countoured ones as a doubler?
Inserts and pocket diapers: Can any inserts be used in any pocket diaper?
What size should I get for my average 3 month old?
Can these be washed with my microfiber inserts and pocket diapers, or do they require their own load?
What size do you recommend for a 24lbs 22 month old who currently fits medium rise in BG 4.0 and Grovia hybrids?
Are these better as a doubler or an insert?
Are they softer-more absorbent than other pre-folds? We have not had issues at all with our Bummis and Bumpkins...but I am curious about these.
Is small for three month?
Are these worth the cost? We are both Bummis and Bumpkins prefolds with Rumperooz covers-so bulky in front! What size for trifold in a cover?
Can these be used in a Flip Diaper Cover instead of Flip inserts? How do you make them sit inside a Cloth Diaper?
Is it possible to just buy the comforter?
Are the bumpers in this set as cushy and thick as they show in the pic here? I need bumpers to protect my 7month old from bumps.
Wich are the standard dimensions for the mattress and Crib?
what's included in this package?
Product Dimensions 20 x 10 x 21 inches ,is this size for comforter's size?
What are the colors(or shades of colors) in the set? I want to start painting/decorating and i won't get the bed set until my shower.
what comes in this set
How do you select size? Like the size shirt you wear or I it determined by baby size?
Anyone have problems with staining due to the light color?
Would a small or medium work better if I'm in between sizes? I'm 5' 4" and wear size 8-10 depending on clothes so size chart is not helping...
Are the matching hat and sash/carrying bag included? Thank you!
Does the k'tan wrap work well with babies over three months, or is it best for younger infants?
I am 4'11" and around 90 pounds when I am not pregnant. Will the X-Small be too big for me?
How do you select size? Like the size shirt you wear or I it determined by baby size?
Anyone have problems with staining due to the light color?
Would a small or medium work better if I'm in between sizes? I'm 5' 4" and wear size 8-10 depending on clothes so size chart is not helping...
Are the matching hat and sash/carrying bag included? Thank you!
Does the k'tan wrap work well with babies over three months, or is it best for younger infants?
I am 4'11" and around 90 pounds when I am not pregnant. Will the X-Small be too big for me?
How much weight can it hold?
Do the seats recline individually?
After reading the reviews, I'm getting mixed signals. Does it, or does it not fit through doorways?
Can I use a car seat with this stroller? Because I noticed in the pihotos that there is no cup Handel, which was what would hold the carsear. Thanks.
Can I use it in the airport? If yes, are they take it in the aircraft door? If yes, how we can have it back? Thanks for your help.
Is there a carseat attachment that can be used and attached to this?
Will this fit in the trunk of my honda civic?
What are the dimensions of the stroller closed with and without wheels? I have a Juliet car and I do not know if it comes in the trunk
did anyone find an adapter?
How big is the front wheel? Trying to figure out how high the footwell "platform" is from the ground. Thanks!
Has anyone used this as a bath seat?
how heavy can a baby be in this
Are the toys removable?
is this made with PVC plastic
What's the difference between this and Summer 3-Stage SuperSeat High Chair? Latter is $10 cheaper . Latter link: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00H...
Is the entire tray easy to remove once you put it on, i know the front piece is...
Will the toy arch from the Summer Infant Giggle Island seat attach to this one?
Is this product BPA free?
Has anyone had any luck getting rid of the bad chemical smell? The foam seat smells terribly toxic, almost like burning plastic.
Is the gift set selling with Level 1 Nipples are? My sister's is going to born, i want to buy this gift set for her, but i dun know is the gift set get the level 1 nipples too?
These are glass correct? Does it come with the silicone sleeve?
Where is it made in&#xFF1F;
After putting shelves together, unit feels a bit wobbly. How Do we fix this?
Does this come with a changing pad? If not, what size changing pad will fit?
How far off the ground is the changing pad part?
Having trouble ordering baskets for this piece. I was hoping to mimic the picture. Anyone know what baskets I should purchase for this??
Does anyone know the dimensions of the shelves?
says child's shouldn't exceed 30 lbs., but can the bottom and middle shelf also hold up to 30 lbs each or only hold 30 lbs total?
My son is about 4 months. The back of head is flat. Would this product help him at this age?
Can you use it with a First Years Ignite stroller?
is it appropriate to use for babies 2-3 weeks old? our baby's neck slides to a side when we would like it to be straight when he sleeps.
Hi, I want to check if it fits in my bassinet. What is the dimension of the product? thanks.
My baby is almost 6 months and has a larger head. Will this fit her?
What type of material is it made out of (cotton, etc..)?
Can I use it for newborn baby ?
Using this product in stroller during summer will make my baby's head too hot?
Can this be used in a Fisher Price Rock and Play at night for sleeping? Our little one currently sleeps in that and I want to avoid flat head.
My daughter is almost 6 months will thi work for her? Bc her head is flat in the back and the neurologist suggested something I cant find
My son is about 4 months. The back of head is flat. Would this product help him at this age?
Can you use it with a First Years Ignite stroller?
is it appropriate to use for babies 2-3 weeks old? our baby's neck slides to a side when we would like it to be straight when he sleeps.
Hi, I want to check if it fits in my bassinet. What is the dimension of the product? thanks.
My baby is almost 6 months and has a larger head. Will this fit her?
What type of material is it made out of (cotton, etc..)?
Can I use it for newborn baby ?
Using this product in stroller during summer will make my baby's head too hot?
Can this be used in a Fisher Price Rock and Play at night for sleeping? Our little one currently sleeps in that and I want to avoid flat head.
My daughter is almost 6 months will thi work for her? Bc her head is flat in the back and the neurologist suggested something I cant find
How wide is this with all extensions? I need something that is 62"
What is the maximum opening width that this gate will handle with extensions? My opening is 50 1/2 inches.
How wide is the actual walk thru part?
Does the door stay open easily (without being tied)? I only want it closed when I leave the house.
Will the gate fit a 49" wide opening?
Is the walk through door able to swing open both ways?
does this gate have the cups that you can mount on the wall/door frame that the extender screws fit in to, like the munchkin gates have?
Why do the top pressure mount move when i push on the gate? The rubber doesn't seem to hold?
In the photos, the gate portion is a different color. Is it really a different color than the rest of the gate?
what is the minimum opening wideth that this gate with accomadate? I have 24"
Does the gate open both ways?
How wide is the actual swing door? Afraid my big hips won't fit through :)
if the bottom has molding, would the pressure mount be adjustable for a narrower opening at bottom, versus wider opening at the top of a staircase? t
Anyone know the amount of space between the bars, in inches? (Trying to see if my kitten will be able to slip through or not)
would this work for 43" opening?
Can I mount it to the wall or top of stairs or does it have to pressure mounted?
i have a walk way that is 41 to 42 inches long. will this extend far enough with the presser screws to fit in that opening
Would the tension mounts be able to be let out to reach 41 inches?
where is this gate made? country of origin?
Does anyone know where to get replacement pressure rods? I have lost one somehow
How wide is the base and the extensions?
how tall is this gate?
Can you use the gate without the wall cups screwed to the wall?
will the gate be able to adjust to 48 inches exactly and also does it have to be screwed into the wall
My pup is very small I am a little worried about the distance between the bars. she is about 4.5 pounds. I just wish I knew the size of the spaces.
Has anyone used this gate outdoors?
How wide are the slats? will they allow a cat to pass through but keep a small poodle out? Seems a little too tall for cats to jump over easily.
distance between slats
what is the gate opening size?. Can I get a walker through it
I'm confused by all the dimensions... Will this fit in a 36" area?
Would this be high enough for a cat?
I need to mount this to the wall with screws (dog pushes it over) I lost one of those wall mount pieces, where can I get replacements?
It says this is a pressure mounted gate, are screws needed at all to mount this gate?
can a cat fit through the slots?
I'm trying to figure out if this would be strong enough for my dog, who is 100 lbs and pretty strong, but doesn't jump. If not this, any suggestions?
Can this gate be mounted at the top of a stairway, where one side is a wall and the other is a wood banister?
Does this gate stay open, or does it need to be propped open with something? Also, does it swing open either way or just in one direction?
What's the smallest this gate goes to?
what is the width ofthegate?
Exactly how wide are the circles that push against the wall? Please only answer if you've measured them as precisely as possible.
Can the Chicco Liteway Surf accomodate a carseat
Is there a snack tray or belly bar that would be compatible with this stroller?
What is the childs maximum weight it can hold?
What are the wheels made of? Is the stroller good for tqll toddlers* 33"+
Can the Chicco Liteway Surf accomodate a carseat
Is there a snack tray or belly bar that would be compatible with this stroller?
What is the childs maximum weight it can hold?
What are the wheels made of? Is the stroller good for tqll toddlers* 33"+
Does this travel system come with a car seat base?
Fit on a shopping cart??
is this a rear/forward facing carseat? meaning that she might fit in there even when she hits 12,14 months? Help?
Are there any Keyfit 30 systems manufactured in 2012? I ordered one and received it yesterday, and it was manufactured in 8/2011!
Chicco Travel System Discovery and Adventure which is a newer model? My question is which model is newer Discovery or Adventure?
Removable Child Tray? Does anyone know if the child's tray on this model is removable (as with the Chicco Lite Stroller)?
Adjustable Handle? Does the handle on the stroller adjust, or is it high enough for a taller person (6'4) to push comfortably?
I've used this car seat rear facing for a year and a half. Can I use it front facing as well or is it ONLY for rear facing?
Which are the measurements of the box? not sure if measurements in "product description" are of the box of the stroller expaded. Can it be checked as luggage? Thank you all but now I see I omitted this clarification: I meant to check as luggage when...
I need cover and pads for stroller chicco keyfit 30
Can the Chicco Liteway Surf accomodate a carseat
Is there a snack tray or belly bar that would be compatible with this stroller?
What is the childs maximum weight it can hold?
What are the wheels made of? Is the stroller good for tqll toddlers* 33"+
The complete BPA free feeding set comes with baby bowl with lid, soup bowl with lid, kids' cup, bento box with air tight lid, fork and spoon
Has anyone found silverware for toddlers that is not made in China preferably made in the USA? Don't we make anything here in the USA anymore?
are these hot food safe?
Just to make sure, does it comes with spoon and fork?
Can you freeze this product? Am trying to make homemade baby food and wanted to freeze some in the bento box
On the back of the box it mentions coming with a fork and spoon - but they were not in there. Is it supposed to come with fork and spoon?
MADE IN WHERE?? (ORANGE SET)
Is this contains spoon and pork?
Are you able to have one side without the side railing?
Will standard sized under-bed storage containers fit under this toddler bed?
What all is included to assist in putting the bed together?
Can you leave the railings off both sides?
what are the box dimmensions?
measured
sise
what is the size of the box it was shipped in? Im looking for actual H,L,W of the shipping box. thanks.
can anyone give me the exact measures?I have checked this bed in 3 other websites and they all give me different ones...thank you!
what tools are needed to assemble?
In what country is this bed made?
do I need a toddler bed mattress....for this bed? These beds are longer/wider (both or neither) than a standard crib/mattress?
Will this fit in a 54" nook? Having trouble understanding the different lengths described here. Thanks!
Do you have to attach the side rails on this bed, or can you use it without them?
Can you ship it to PO box?
What is the length of the side rails?
will a crib mattress 51.5 x 27 x 5 inches fit?
What are the manufacture's recommendations regarding age or weight of child using this bed
Are they BPA free?
Is this item BPA free?
Is this dishwasher safe?
The photo shows it with a mattress - it DOES come with a mattress right?
Is this crib made in the USA?
Can this crib be converted to a full-size bed without using the foot board? Would that require a different type of conversion kit?
The black, is it a true black? I'm going for the ALL black furniture since it's easily matched. Thanks!
Will the dark cherry crib match the black cherry dresser?
A typical standard mattress dimensions are: 52.5"L x 27.5"W x 5.5"H. Does this mean that the mattress will not be snug fit? Is there 27.5" wide crib?
does it come with everything you need to convert it to a toddler bed? Thanks much!
Is my very athletic 2 yr old going to be able to climb out of this crib? What's the interior measurement set at the lowest setting at the lowest point
The pictures don't show visible hardware, but customer reviews say the hardware is visible. So which is it?
can it be used in an Ergo baby carrier?
Does it fit a Graco stroller and car seat? How do you attach it to them?
Will this fit over a Lillebaby Complete?
Does this fit over the Boba 4G?
Would this work for a back carry in an Ergo? It seems like the strap that goes over your neck could be a problem when back carrying.
Will it fit a Graco jogging stoller?
does this work well as a car seat cover too or are there options better? i have a chicco keyfit30.
Will this fit well with a 8 month old?
Does this fit well in a Chicco Car seat? An uppababy vista stroller? Would it work well for zero degree weather. Thanks!
Is there a hood option when facing out in the Bjorne?
The photo shows it with a mattress - it DOES come with a mattress right?
Is this crib made in the USA?
Can this crib be converted to a full-size bed without using the foot board? Would that require a different type of conversion kit?
The black, is it a true black? I'm going for the ALL black furniture since it's easily matched. Thanks!
Will the dark cherry crib match the black cherry dresser?
A typical standard mattress dimensions are: 52.5"L x 27.5"W x 5.5"H. Does this mean that the mattress will not be snug fit? Is there 27.5" wide crib?
does it come with everything you need to convert it to a toddler bed? Thanks much!
Is my very athletic 2 yr old going to be able to climb out of this crib? What's the interior measurement set at the lowest setting at the lowest point
The pictures don't show visible hardware, but customer reviews say the hardware is visible. So which is it?
Does the bumper cover all four sides of the crib?
What size are the Window Valances?
can i buy an additional fitted sheet?
do you have the same pattern for a toddler's bed? I want to match the bedrooms.
is the material cotton or what is it?
What material is the set made of?
is there polyester in this?
Help with sizes on Kiddopotamus/Summer Infant Swaddleme: So do you know where to find it?
What is the difference between the small and small/medium?
Can this be used with arms out as well
Is the small going to fit my baby as soon as he's born?
Does it fit the Chicco Keyfit 30 carseat?
does it fit for Eddie Bauer 3-wheel travel system car seat? Can it work together with JJ cole headsupport in a car seat?
Does this bundle me fit a chicco keyfit 30 infant seat?
Is it compatible with Chicco car seats?
does it help with the sweatting?
umbrella
Is this compatible with the Bob Revolution Stroller? Also my LO is 6 mths and 16 lbs. What size is appropriate to get? Thanks!
how to get the top parts replaced? the collection cup and the part marched it - I have 3 NasalClear, all broken at the same place!
can a adult use this??
Is the music optional or does it play automatically whenever its on?
How do you know which size tip to use? What are the longer ones for?
I bought this in March for my Grandson and there is no suction coming from the tip...will replacement tips that you can buy solve that problem?
What songs does it play? I want to know the lyrics so we can sing along.
Does it come with different sized tips? or do you have to buy them separately?
Can it be shipped to oversea New Zealand? And is it still free-shipping?
will this work for my 10yr old?
Can i wash it in a sterilizer ? Will it withstand the heat? Thank you
How long should I expect to be able to use the pump (in years)?
What kind of car adapter would I need to purchase for this pump?
Soes this come with a warrenty?
Can this unit be battery operated if no outlet is available?
how big is it
What color is it? It looks blue.
is it strong enough to hold baby dolls?
Does it hang on a flat wall? Or does it need a corner?
Does it have a back anchor, or is there just 2?
Does this fit a bassinet from baby jogger city select?
Does this fit a peg perego bassinet?
How high is it exactly? ty
Is the Britax B-Ready Stroller Bassinet compatible with this stand? Anyone tried it? Thanks! :)
Does it fit a bugaboo frog bassinet.
Does it fit a bassinet from a Bugaboo?
Does it fir Britax b-ready bassinet?
HOW HIGH IS IT
Height?
Is the design a decal/sticker? Could it be removed? I personally do not like themes/characters, but like the curved design of this stool.
What is the weight limit?
HOW HIGH IS IT
Height?
Is the design a decal/sticker? Could it be removed? I personally do not like themes/characters, but like the curved design of this stool.
What is the weight limit?
HOW HIGH IS IT
Height?
Is the design a decal/sticker? Could it be removed? I personally do not like themes/characters, but like the curved design of this stool.
What is the weight limit?
HOW HIGH IS IT
Height?
Is the design a decal/sticker? Could it be removed? I personally do not like themes/characters, but like the curved design of this stool.
What is the weight limit?
HOW HIGH IS IT
Height?
Is the design a decal/sticker? Could it be removed? I personally do not like themes/characters, but like the curved design of this stool.
What is the weight limit?
Are the nipples in this product the stage 1 nipple or stage 2 nipples?
Are the ounces labeled on the outside of the bottles?
Are these made with Tritan BPA free plastic or some other material?
is there a way that this bottle can be used with medela breast pump?
Do you think that this type of nipple helps slow your baby down a little so they are not eating so fast?
Can these be used with the Medela Pump in Style Advanced?
Can you freeze breast milk in these bottles?
I want to order the 4 or 5 oz bottle for a 6 month old baby Do these3 packs come with a stage 1 or stage 2 nipple?
Do these work with the First Years Breast Pump ?
Do these work with the disposable inserts?
good night .. this team is for newborn babies? how heavy the product and the extent of the box
Good morning, until age can use this car??
hello would like to know if this model can be placed peg perego shaped bassinet. thanks
until age can use the car not the tray?
Does the chair not rotate at all? After installation, my boon chair can rotate a little bit say 10 degrees. It is normal?
I like the look of the white color but worry that it will easily stain. Does the white stain or will it retain its color with regular cleaning?
Does it really last till 4 years of age or 50 lbs? Seems like the crotch part would be an issue for a bigger child.
The tray height from the floor seems a little low, has anyone noticed if this highchair sits the same or lower than other highchairs on the market?
The pad seems to be too thin with hard plastic all around. Is it comfy enough for my 4-months old baby?
The top white chair part swivels about 2 inches in each direction. The silver base pole is staying stationary. Is this normal?
Does the crotch post come off on the newer model also? And does this come with the tray as of 2015
Does the white have a cool greenish tinge to it? I've seen pics of the white with the white seat cover and they look like two dif. shades of white.
What is the diameter of the base? I want to know if it has a smaller than other highchairs as we live in a small space.
The tray is much much smaller than other high chairs. Is this an issue for anyone? we want to use this for a toddler as well.
how is it on carpet?
Just wanting to make sure this is the GT model. Picture shows GT.
Can I fold this walker? so I can store easier.
Anyone know the difference between the regular car model that says combi on the seat and the GT model that says GT on the seat? Gt is more expensive
Does this work like a jumparoo? By bounces, does if work like a Jumparoo too?
Original Ergo or Performance? Does anyone have any thoughts or advice?
Sport or Performance best for hot weather? We live in a very hot climate (India) and I'd love any input on which Ergo carrier is best for the heat?
LargeFrame ok? Any large parents out there with some feedback?
Why does it say Premmie in sizes? I want to buy it from this dealer but not sure because of the size info, Is this ergo the same size as others?
height restrictions for Ergo baby carrier: Will I be able to comfortably carry baby in this carrier or will it hang down too low on my frame?
Is this a genuine Ergo? Any proof?
Ergo weight limit? How come the ergo is strength and durability tested up to 90lb but their recommend only using it to 40lb?
Ergo Baby Carrier - Breastfeeding? Will the Ergo carrier allow me to do this?
Organic? How do I carry my robot baby? Seriously, they just made this for organic babies?
Would this work for a newborn?
how is it on carpet?
Just wanting to make sure this is the GT model. Picture shows GT.
Can I fold this walker? so I can store easier.
Anyone know the difference between the regular car model that says combi on the seat and the GT model that says GT on the seat? Gt is more expensive
Does this work like a jumparoo? By bounces, does if work like a Jumparoo too?
how is it on carpet?
Just wanting to make sure this is the GT model. Picture shows GT.
Can I fold this walker? so I can store easier.
Anyone know the difference between the regular car model that says combi on the seat and the GT model that says GT on the seat? Gt is more expensive
Does this work like a jumparoo? By bounces, does if work like a Jumparoo too?
Can you use these with Formula?
Is this set the new angled bottle?
Is this compatible with the medela pumping system?
what is the nipple flow that comes with these bottles?
Can you mix/shake formula inside the drop-in (with the nipple attached, obviously) or are you supposed to pre-mix the formula?
The picture states that the set comes with 30 of each size liner (60 total), but the description states 15 of each size (30 total). Which is correct?
Can you use a bottle warmer with these bottles
Can you use a bottle warmer with these bottles
I already have a bunch of Lansinoh breast milk storage bags. Would those work as liners for these bottles, or do I have to buy the specific liners?
Are these the liners that you pump, store, and feed with? or is that a totally different thing?
what colors are shipped? is it at random?
may I have any color but pink? I have a boy baby.
does this come with the nipples? the slow flow? or do we buy those separately?
how often should you replace the parts?
Are these Ameda brand parts? Or a different brand?
Would these spare parts also work for the Lansinoh double electric breast pump?
where can you buy ameda spare parts locally
Do you need more than 5 stickers for a standard bath tub?
Will these stick to a tub that has a non slip grip already?
I am looking for a quick fix to cover chips in both the bathtub and sink of the home we are renting. Do you think these will work?
Would they work well in a stainless kitchen sink to keep the baby from sliding around like grease on a griddle?
Will these work if I stick them on the seat of a Little Tykes outdoor baby swing so the baby doesn't keep slipping down?
Are they abrasive? I'm worried about my kids scraping themselves up during baths.
Can you apply these while there is water in the tub or pool
Can you clean the bathtub with standard cleaning materials (scrubbing bubbles/ bleach-detergents) after applying these?
Hello! Can you please tell me what material these are made from? Are they BPA, PVC and LATEX free? Also do they get mold or mildew build up? Thank you
Can they easily be taken off and used over and over again? We move a lot for the military so want to. Know if I would have to keep buying them?
Can someone tell me how many trays come with this purchase? Also, how many trays do you recommend purchasing for a new or working mom? Thank you!
How do you get the frozen milk out of the trays? I just froze my first batch and now I am battling to remove them.
Are these dishwasher safe?
When thawing the milk, can I fit more than one (1 oz.) stick in a typical bottle at a time? We currently are using 4 oz bottles.
Can I buy new tires for bike?
what is the age recommendation (the youngest)?
Hello I need to pack the bike in a suitcase, do they come disassembled? or as a one part?
The tire blew out on mine, and I need to replace it. Will standard 12.5 inch tires an tubes fit? The tires on the bike say they are "12" inch
how many adjustable seat heghts are there and what are the heights? (I am comparing it to the Smart Gear one which has 5, ranging from 12.5 - 17.5)
Mold
How long does it stay warm after you unplug it ?
are the wipes warm and damp? Or warm and dry?
what solution does it say to use?
Can you use disposable wipes in this if needed?
Can this be kept in a drawer (as long as there's a way to plug it in)? Does the exterior of the warmer get hot?
Just received this warmer and find it extremely hard to open the lid. Definitely not a one handed operation. Is this common at first?
Can I use this to warm babies clothes? Say one of the under-shirts -- which is not damp, but fresh out of an air-fluff dryer and relatively cold.
This comes with wipes? If so, how many?
Can I use the regular Prince Lionheart wipes warmer for my cloth wipes?
Can I mount this on the outside of a door?
Does this make any noise when opening? How about closing?
I have an exterior door that swings open inwards. Would this item need to be mounted on the inside of the door or the exterior?
Would this help to "SLOW DOWN" a door? Trying to install something like this on a toy cabinet so baby doesn't crush her fingers when the door closes!
Can you leave the door open by just using like a weight to hold it open? Or will that add lots of resistance and break the spring?
Are you able to disable the auto close feature if you want to keep the door open?
will it work in a heavy residential security door?
will it work in a heavy residential security door?
what finish is on the wood?
From what country is this product imported?
Hello, is it possible to deliver in France? Cordially
Hello, is it possible to deliver in France? Cordially
could you please describe how the cards work? do you need to use the glue or just peel off the stickers and then pour sand?
I love this product! But my daughter finished all 12vpictures. I wonder if you guys make these but with different pictures?
How many cards total are included?
detail request: Could someone please tell me how many activity cards are included with this product?
How many wipes come in this package? One photo shows 5, another shows 8...
how many wipes do you need for one baby?
What are the measurements of each wipe?
What is the quantity?
Would an 18 month old be too old to enjoy this toy for a while?
Why does the age range say recommended 6 mos and up but then the manufacturer warning states small parts, not for children under 3 years?
Some of the reviews mention that the dye on the orange stains baby's face and clothes. Can anyone confirm or deny?
Is it made in China?
One recent review said to buy elsewhere to avoid receiving an old, brown bag version. Do you receive the "new" green bag here or not?
Can I put these in the washing machine?
What is the difference between the Premium wipe warmer and the ultimate wipe warmer?
Can anyone tell me the voltage on this product? Is it 110-220 Volts? We live in Europe so it needs to be 220 volts. Thank you.
Can you use this with cloth wipes?
How do you clean it? Any issues with mildew?
It works with voltage 220?
Does this work on 220 Volt? thanks.
how long does the light on the front last?
How long does it take to warm the wipe? I can feel the heat on the ever fresh pad, I can only feel it at the bottom.
How many wipes does this hold?
Does this product have a night light?
My son is 2.5 years old and am thinking for purchasing this for a plane ride and extra car seat. Is this seat too small for a 2.5 year old?
Does this work well/fit well in trucks?
Good but light weight and inexpensivem car seat for air travel?
Amazon says that the minimum weight for this seat is five pounds, but Combi's website says three pounds. Which is correct?
Is it 17 inches wide or 14.6 inches wide? I'm a little confused, sorry but gotta double check
Would you recommend this seat for triplet newborns? Three in a row while rear-facing.
What makes this convertible? It says weights 5-40lbs, but is that rear facing only? What's the max for front facing?
does Combi sell the seat covers just by themselves for if someone wants to change just the cover to a different color for an opposite sex baby?
does it recline?
Can I use this seat along with the brica car seat transporter? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007... Seems it may not fit the transporter properly.
My son is 2.5 years old and am thinking for purchasing this for a plane ride and extra car seat. Is this seat too small for a 2.5 year old?
Does this work well/fit well in trucks?
Good but light weight and inexpensivem car seat for air travel?
Amazon says that the minimum weight for this seat is five pounds, but Combi's website says three pounds. Which is correct?
Is it 17 inches wide or 14.6 inches wide? I'm a little confused, sorry but gotta double check
Would you recommend this seat for triplet newborns? Three in a row while rear-facing.
What makes this convertible? It says weights 5-40lbs, but is that rear facing only? What's the max for front facing?
does Combi sell the seat covers just by themselves for if someone wants to change just the cover to a different color for an opposite sex baby?
does it recline?
Can I use this seat along with the brica car seat transporter? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007... Seems it may not fit the transporter properly.
My son is 2.5 years old and am thinking for purchasing this for a plane ride and extra car seat. Is this seat too small for a 2.5 year old?
Does this work well/fit well in trucks?
Good but light weight and inexpensivem car seat for air travel?
Amazon says that the minimum weight for this seat is five pounds, but Combi's website says three pounds. Which is correct?
Is it 17 inches wide or 14.6 inches wide? I'm a little confused, sorry but gotta double check
Would you recommend this seat for triplet newborns? Three in a row while rear-facing.
What makes this convertible? It says weights 5-40lbs, but is that rear facing only? What's the max for front facing?
does Combi sell the seat covers just by themselves for if someone wants to change just the cover to a different color for an opposite sex baby?
does it recline?
Can I use this seat along with the brica car seat transporter? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007... Seems it may not fit the transporter properly.
My son is 2.5 years old and am thinking for purchasing this for a plane ride and extra car seat. Is this seat too small for a 2.5 year old?
Does this work well/fit well in trucks?
Good but light weight and inexpensivem car seat for air travel?
Amazon says that the minimum weight for this seat is five pounds, but Combi's website says three pounds. Which is correct?
Is it 17 inches wide or 14.6 inches wide? I'm a little confused, sorry but gotta double check
Would you recommend this seat for triplet newborns? Three in a row while rear-facing.
What makes this convertible? It says weights 5-40lbs, but is that rear facing only? What's the max for front facing?
does Combi sell the seat covers just by themselves for if someone wants to change just the cover to a different color for an opposite sex baby?
does it recline?
Can I use this seat along with the brica car seat transporter? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007... Seems it may not fit the transporter properly.
My son is 2.5 years old and am thinking for purchasing this for a plane ride and extra car seat. Is this seat too small for a 2.5 year old?
Does this work well/fit well in trucks?
Good but light weight and inexpensivem car seat for air travel?
Amazon says that the minimum weight for this seat is five pounds, but Combi's website says three pounds. Which is correct?
Is it 17 inches wide or 14.6 inches wide? I'm a little confused, sorry but gotta double check
Would you recommend this seat for triplet newborns? Three in a row while rear-facing.
What makes this convertible? It says weights 5-40lbs, but is that rear facing only? What's the max for front facing?
does Combi sell the seat covers just by themselves for if someone wants to change just the cover to a different color for an opposite sex baby?
does it recline?
Can I use this seat along with the brica car seat transporter? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007... Seems it may not fit the transporter properly.
My son is 2.5 years old and am thinking for purchasing this for a plane ride and extra car seat. Is this seat too small for a 2.5 year old?
Does this work well/fit well in trucks?
Good but light weight and inexpensivem car seat for air travel?
Amazon says that the minimum weight for this seat is five pounds, but Combi's website says three pounds. Which is correct?
Is it 17 inches wide or 14.6 inches wide? I'm a little confused, sorry but gotta double check
Would you recommend this seat for triplet newborns? Three in a row while rear-facing.
What makes this convertible? It says weights 5-40lbs, but is that rear facing only? What's the max for front facing?
does Combi sell the seat covers just by themselves for if someone wants to change just the cover to a different color for an opposite sex baby?
does it recline?
Can I use this seat along with the brica car seat transporter? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007... Seems it may not fit the transporter properly.
How does the sizing work for this? Does it depend on the size of the baby or the size of the wearer?
Does this sling have a zipper pouch?
What size is this sling? Extra Large?
what size is this sling? What size is this sling?
size
How does the sizing work for this? Does it depend on the size of the baby or the size of the wearer?
Does this sling have a zipper pouch?
What size is this sling? Extra Large?
what size is this sling? What size is this sling?
size
How does the sizing work for this? Does it depend on the size of the baby or the size of the wearer?
Does this sling have a zipper pouch?
What size is this sling? Extra Large?
what size is this sling? What size is this sling?
size
How does the sizing work for this? Does it depend on the size of the baby or the size of the wearer?
Does this sling have a zipper pouch?
What size is this sling? Extra Large?
what size is this sling? What size is this sling?
size
How does the sizing work for this? Does it depend on the size of the baby or the size of the wearer?
Does this sling have a zipper pouch?
What size is this sling? Extra Large?
what size is this sling? What size is this sling?
size
Can you still use the burner dials for my stove top with the guard on?
Being a grandma, I wouldn't need the guard all the time. Is it easily removable?
Can a toddler just push or pull this device out of place or does it lock into place?
My child pulls up on the oven door and pulls open the oven door. Will this product stop the oven door from opening when a child pulls the oven door?
Will this work if the stove knobs are on top of the stove instead of in front? Also, will it be able to attach if there is no oven underneath the stov
Can you ship to New Zealand. Is the stove guard available in New ZeLand
can you ship to Canada?
Can I buy only the 2 handles that hold the shield (they broke) if so how do I get them,
My gas range is about 36" wide - would this product still work for me?
Does anyone find it difficult to access the knobs when cooking with this in place?
hi, can you ship this product to Croatia, PLEASE??!
Please, why cant i buy it? you said that you will ship to croatia?
im trying to buy it but i can't, it always shows that it can not be shipped.what now? please help, i want this bag for my stroller so bad :))
im trying to buy it but i can't, it always shows that it can not be shipped.what now? please help, i want this bag for my stroller so bad :))
i wanna know what's the size of shipping box of this item?
Do things like spaghetti sauce stain the white or tan seat?
can/do you wash the leather seat cover in the washing machine?
Prior to purchasing has anyone compared this chair to the Peg Perego Siesta? This chair is not on display anywhere local - is it the same footprint?
Do you ship to Kazakhstan?How much time is take?
I wanna know the Size of the chair in storage mode ( without shipping box), to put under the bed.
What's the maximum weight can the swing support?
Can you ship this chair to Korea?
Can you ship this high chair to Taiwan? thank you.
is shipping to Indonesia free? the price is tax included, right?
Will this work with a monitor plug that plugs in horizontally?
does it fit adaptor?
Does this work good for thicker computer cords instead of standard (like a lamp for example cords)?
will it work for coax outlet?
Will this work for coax outlet?
Is that back part bigger than a standard outlet cover that it replaces?
Can you install it upside down so the wires exit towards the top, not the bottom as pictured?
Will this work with a decora square outlet that has two screws, one on the top and bottom?
how does it stay on the wall? is it self-adhesive?
Does this fit over the rectangular-style outlet (not the dual-outlets with the center-screw)?
About how much milk can it collect before spilling out?
IS it good to use at Night?
Can I sterilize this in a microwave sterilizer. I have both a hard plastic sterilizing rack and the Medela bags, would it be safe in those?
can you sleep with this product?
Do they come in a pair? And would just one pair be enough? How many are recommended?
Would these be something you can wear if you think you won't be able to pump for a few hours? Do they show under the shirt?
Any chance you can wear these while sleeping?
Would this be worth purchasing if I solely pump and do not breastfeed? (I produce quite a bit of milk throughout my day that is wasted on pads.)
wash
Do you need to wear a bra?
How does the sizing work for this? Does it depend on the size of the baby or the size of the wearer?
Does this sling have a zipper pouch?
What size is this sling? Extra Large?
what size is this sling? What size is this sling?
size
How does the sizing work for this? Does it depend on the size of the baby or the size of the wearer?
Does this sling have a zipper pouch?
What size is this sling? Extra Large?
what size is this sling? What size is this sling?
size
How does the sizing work for this? Does it depend on the size of the baby or the size of the wearer?
Does this sling have a zipper pouch?
What size is this sling? Extra Large?
what size is this sling? What size is this sling?
size
How does the sizing work for this? Does it depend on the size of the baby or the size of the wearer?
Does this sling have a zipper pouch?
What size is this sling? Extra Large?
what size is this sling? What size is this sling?
size
How does the sizing work for this? Does it depend on the size of the baby or the size of the wearer?
Does this sling have a zipper pouch?
What size is this sling? Extra Large?
what size is this sling? What size is this sling?
size
Graco Pack N Play Music: What are the names/composers the 5 classical songs on Graco's Pack N Play?
Can Baby Sleep here overnight: Can the baby sleep in the bassinet overnight?
Bassinet mattress: Can I buy a separate bassinet mattress for this and put it in myself?
Can the carseat be used without a base?
Chicco Romantic - Does this come with car seat base? Can someone who bought this from Amazon tell me if this travel system comes with a car seat base for all-inclusive price of $320?
Chicco Romantic: For anyone who has the "Romantic" colored stroller/carseat, can you please tell me the actual colors for this scheme?
why wasnt it designed for shopping carts
Do full size hangers fit inside or just child size hanger?
The description above mentions three full drawers but the picture only shows two drawers. Is there a drawer in the upper portion as well?
Hi, does this armoire come fitted with a clothing rail inside and do you have any pictures of the inside you could share pls?
Will this fit Generation Next crib?
Will these work for the Sorelle Newport Mini Convertible Crib and Changer, Merlot?
Do these rails work on the sorelle Vicki 4 in 1 crib?
does this work with the princeton/tuscany convertible?
Will these rails work with the Verona bed?
Will this fit the Sorelle Tuscany Elite Lifetime Crib?
Does this work for the Yorkshire crib?
Will a Full size XL mattress fit? Its the same width, but 80" long instead of 75"
I'm a little confused.... These are side rails, correct? What do you put the mattress on?
Once you do the conversion, does the bed need a box spring and mattress or just a mattress?
Will this fit the 2012 Vista stroller?
I am expecting twins and would like to simply add the rumble seat to the stroller to use once the kiddos are 6 m old. (one kid in the regular chair one in the rumble seat) would that be comfortable for the twins? should i just bite the bullet and get a...
Can the rumble seat face forward? If not, anyone find this a challenge with 2nd child having a view of the back of the other seat?
Collapse
Does it fit 2014 model?
Does this seat fit the 2014 model?
Will this fit the 2013 Vista stoller?
Do you offer this seat to match the carbon frame stroller?
Does the rumble seat fit in the travel bag with the regular seat and stroller?
Will this work for earlier models of the Vista, specifically 2008?
Is the pillow sham for a toddler pillow?
Where was this set made?
Is it reversible?
Is this sized for a toddler bed that uses a crib mattress?
Does this come with a strap to secure it to the dresser/wall? The picture seems to indicate that the strap is for holding down baby.
Can you tell me what the length and width of this mattress is?
Does this work with most standard changing pad covers?
Does the Carters Super Soft Cover fit this changing pad? It says the cover fits a 32x16" changing pad, the dimensions here say that its 32.5 x 16.5"?
My dresser that I will be attaching this to is 16'' wide, and this pad is 16'' wide. Do I need to get a wider dresser to ensure baby won't fall off?
What are the true dimensions of this product? Amazon specs say 16.5 inches wide, manufacturer description says 16 inches. Which is it?
Does it have grips on the bottom so it doesn't slip?
One customer complained about a strong odor, any comments?
How do you attach this to a dresser? Does it have bungee-type straps or something different?
what is the package size?
What age range is this toy designed for?
is this dishwash safe?
Is this BPA free?
age range
Is this toy CE certified?
Where is this manufactured?
The product information on this page says it is Made in USA, is it correct?
Is it b p a free
does it have any screws on it?
Would this be good for a 3 - 4 month old?
Does this work well with the Quinny Zapp Xtra?
does this work on a stokke? thx.
Does anyone know if this works with a Double BOB? I was thinking of getting 2, one for each side.
Would this work for a phil and teds sport with the double seat? I was thinking on putting it on one side leaving the other side for access in and out.
What is the distance between each velcro strap?
I assume this is a single sling and not a 2-pack?
Work on sit and stand? Has anyone tried on a sit n stand? Upcoming Disney trip and looking for extra storage.
Work on sit and stand? Has anyone tried on a sit n stand? Upcoming Disney trip and looking for extra storage.
Will this work on a walker? There is a piece that goes across I could attach it to so I wonder how far down this would hang? Would clips work better?
Has anyone used on a phil and teds dot? Does it work when second seat is at the bottom and can you fold?
Dimensions?
Would you recommend getting a separate mattress pad cover, despite this mattress being waterproof? A standard size pad is 52x27--too small?
It this mattress plastic covered
Does this mattress fit the Dream On Me Eden 5 in 1 Convertible Crib? http://www.amazon.com/Dream-Me-Eden-C...
Dimensions 53x31x8? Seriously? The mattress (not the box it ships in) is 8" thick?
I believe standard size for a crib mattress is 52*28, would this 53*31 size fit in a baby bed? Thank you!
Will this fit the following Toddler bed ? http://www.amazon.com/Disney-Princess...
Does this fit Davinci brand cribs/toddler beds?
Does anyone know what crib sheets will fit this mattress???
I need the measurements of the mattress in Inches, please!
do these work with the previous "my first sipster" playtex cups? We have a bunch of those so dont want to get a whole new system!
is it bpa free
Does this cup come with a straw?
Can you put these sippy cups in a bottle warmer?
Were the varying colors gender neutral?
Does this cup fit into the cup holder in the car seat?
Is there a cover for the cup? I want to use this for traveling so I want to keep the spout clean.
How hard is the spout on this cup?
how long does the battery last? How is the efficiency of 024208 compared with 024108?
What is the voltage for this breastpump. My country operates on 220-240V. Does it come with an adapter that steps down to the safe range for charging?
Is Medela Symphony Plus suitable for countries using 220-240V electricity outlets?
I'm considering this pump. Can the Pump in Style Advanced parts be used with this pump? Or will I need to buy all new pump accessories for this one?
Does the hard carry case and double pumping system come with pump?
What is the package dimensions? I need the details to choose the forwarding company to ship it overseas. Thanks.
the picture shows the item opened. Is this a new item? and therefore has a 3 yr manufacturer warranty
Is there a waranty on this? What if the pump burns out after a few months?
What is included in the package? Pump and what else?
What are the details of the warranty? How long does it last?
can you use the kit with nipples from other bottles. Some reviews said the nipple that comes with the kit is too hard or shaped wrong
Do you know if this will work with Dr. Brown's wide neck bottles?
how do u dry the air tube? I just washed it a week ago and the water is still in the tube.
can the tube inside be cut down for smaller bottles?
Does this include a clear silicone nipple or the tan one shown in some of the manufacture pictures?
can i use it with dr brown bottles???
Does this work with evenflo glass bottles.
Does this work with Munchkin and Avent Bottles?
Does this work with playtex drop-ins system?
Is this BPA free?
Can you attach this feeding straw to Dr. Brown's 8 oz bottle?
i only need nipples. Can i buy just the nipples? Or just nipple and bottle only?
Does this come with a cleaning brush
Was anyone successful using the system with formula containing cereal?
Does anyone know if these are still on back order?
Has anyone used this to feed twins? If so, how did you like it? Pro's and con's please! And how soon did you start using it after they were born?
Will a Dr. Brown nipple fit this bottle?
How to wash the feeding straw?
If you put slow flow nipples on the bottle, does it make it harder to get formula up the straw?
what brand of nipples and level of flow can be used with these bottles?
How many?
What kind of fasteners do you use with these? safety pins? or Snappis? I tried Snappis and it seems like the Snappi "teeth" penetrate thru to the skin
how many diapers do you get when you order 1?
I put it in an Applecheeks pocket cover and it's so bulky, my LO can't get his pants over it. This can't be right?
What are the washing instructions? In particular, how high a water temperature is recommended by the manufacturer?
where are these imported from?
Could I use the 7-20lb prefolds with a newborn?
How many diapers come in this package?
Does this travel system come with a car seat base?
Fit on a shopping cart??
is this a rear/forward facing carseat? meaning that she might fit in there even when she hits 12,14 months? Help?
Are there any Keyfit 30 systems manufactured in 2012? I ordered one and received it yesterday, and it was manufactured in 8/2011!
Chicco Travel System Discovery and Adventure which is a newer model? My question is which model is newer Discovery or Adventure?
Removable Child Tray? Does anyone know if the child's tray on this model is removable (as with the Chicco Lite Stroller)?
Adjustable Handle? Does the handle on the stroller adjust, or is it high enough for a taller person (6'4) to push comfortably?
I've used this car seat rear facing for a year and a half. Can I use it front facing as well or is it ONLY for rear facing?
Which are the measurements of the box? not sure if measurements in "product description" are of the box of the stroller expaded. Can it be checked as luggage? Thank you all but now I see I omitted this clarification: I meant to check as luggage when...
I need cover and pads for stroller chicco keyfit 30
Is this changing pad a true white or an off-white color?
does it have straps underneath to hook to the table?
Does this cover form fit to the contours of a contoured changing pads? I don't want it to bubble up
Will it fit the LA Baby contour changing pad that measures 16.0" W x 30"L?
Is this leakproof? Will the changing pad get stained through this cover?
Crib conversion rails: Is there a conversion kit or rails for when we want to convert to a toddler bed?
I need matching funiture for Graco Crib: Anyone have any advice?
Can anyone find a matching changing table for this? Tht only thing I have found is the Ikea antique collection, but they do not make that anymore
Prop 65 warning on Graco Shelby? Does anyone know if this crib actually has a CA Prop 65 warning?
Can anyone please provide their opinion as to whether to buy a foam or coil crib mattress? Your recommendations are appreciated.
Will this fit in Pottery Barn Kendall crib? Thanks!
The mattress produces weird (not chemical) smell even after 4 weeks out of the packaging, is it mine or it's normal?
Does anyone know the actual dimensions of this mattress? The dimensions listed are too large for a standard crib. Thanks!
Will it fit the Pottery Barn Blythe Crib?
Because this is seamless, thus curving a bit toward the edges, does it pose a problem with the child rolling toward the edge of the crib or bed?
Has someone used this mattress with the Angelcare movement monitor? Did it work reliably?
can you use a baby movement monitor/ pad (ex. angel care) with this mattress?
Why did you choose the 252 coil over the 150? Happy with firmness? Anyone using a quilted cover pad?
What is the material used to make it waterproof? vinyl? rubber?
Will this fit a Pottery Barn crib? Thanks!
How flat is the mattress? We just bought a Lullaby Earth which is high in the middle and sloped at the edges. Baby rolls over and gets stuck!
Is there any kind of flame retardant in this mattress? If not, how does it meet the California flammability requirements? Thanks.
Does this mattress fit ikea cribs or any of the graco cribs?
What organic sheets do you recommend? I love Aden and Anais or PB but I am afraid they will be too small.
Are there any zip quick crib sheets that work with this? Preferably organic? The organic quick zip sheets I can find so far are only 2 inches deep.
Will this fit snuggly in a Baby Cache crib? I bought the Baby Cache Vienna.
As an adult I prefer a firm mattress... Is the toddler side firm enough or too soft? I think firm is better for your back. Thank you.
Does this fit the Babyletto Modo 3-in-1 crib?
what is this product ? and is a baby image naked
I need two misco flare sel-watering planters for indoors. I need 7'' or less at the top. How tall are they?
About how long will the water last if you are away from home?
What is the height of the planter (without the base)?
Special gifts for girls: Are there any special gifts for girls ???
would this fit on a spout where the diverter is the underside of the faucet that pull down?
Is this product easy for a toddler to remove? I'm wondering if I'll be able to secure this tight enough, so that my 2 year old will not be able to remove it.
Does it protect your child from hiting the bottom of the faucet...it looks open at bottom
Have you had any problems with leaving it on and it getting moldy? (or taking it off and still getting moldy)?
does this fit a curved spout -- an old fashioned one for a claw foot tub?
When the shower diverter is pulled up all the way, does it stick out of the whale (attracting the child to want to push down on it)?
Will this work with a faucet that is L-shaped and comes out from the wall about 5" and then turns down about 1.5 inches?
will this work on a kitchen faucet?
is this included of what in the videos?or just one item only?i saw the videos having toys to hang up
does the water spout from the top of whale? or flow down to from under whale to be functional?
Seller - the picture &amp; Title says XXL (36mm), but the product description says 30 mm. Please correct this so as not to confuse &amp; prevent wrong orders?
mmIs this item 36 or 30
is this 36mm or 30mm.
How many boxes cases are included? For this price but it's not in the description .
Is there a reason you are selling these for such a riduculously high price? These were sold for $1.49 each at Babies-R-Us.
how many do you have to get rid of?
I am nervous to buy this product...some reviews claim the product comes with 12 packs while others state that it is only 1 with 16 wipes-which one?
How many cases are included? Several reviews mentioned this item includes 12 or so cases, but it's not in the description. Please clarify. Thanks.
I need borders for the tiles
Will these interlock with the 24 x 24 tiles as well?
Has anybody used them outside? Would they be sturdy enough on a concrete patio?
Have the mats been tested and shown to be free of any formamide emissions? (formamide emissions have been related to cancer and reproductive issues)
Does it include a storage container/bag?
Anyone know if the tiles get slippery when wet?
Has the construction of this product changed? I dont understand how some state there is absolutely no ordor but others comment on the strong odor.
In what country are the foam pieces made in?
I just received these and I am very happy! This is probably a dumb question, but do I place the textured side or smooth side up?
Can this be put on top of cArpet or only hard wood floors?
Are these "ERGObaby Organic Teething Pads with Snaps" made of 100% organic components, or do they contain EVA foam like your "organic" carrier?
Could these be used for other carriers? For example, for the Lillebaby?
Will these work with the Ergo Original also?
Do these fit the Ergobaby 360 carrier?
how many straps do you get, 1 or 2?
Could these be used on car seat straps?
Does this also fit the ERGO SPORT carrier?
Does this work on cribs with a curved rail?
is the "padding" thick enough to cushion a head bump. The edge of our crib has a lip and when our baby stands up he bangs his head. How thick?
Okay so the big question!!! Has your baby learned to untie these? If so, don't these pose a similar risk as bumpers if they came off and fell in crib?
For those of you who have the white color.....does it seem to get stained easily? Debating on getting white or gray. Crib I have is white.
Does anyone still have the tags on it? I took mine off but now I am curious if the tags say anything about meeting Technical Bulletin 117?
Is the white rail cover really white or more of an ivory?
Read reviews about fluff coming out from underside-have you had this issue? If yes, how long have you had the cover and times it was washed?
is this the same quality as the set you offer to sell thru Prime Amazon as well...
The circumference of the rail I would like to protect is 20". Is the 18" length plus the length of the attaching strings enough to cover 20"?
I want to buy the green Crib Wrap. Is this 51" by 12" or 51" by 6"? I need the 51" by 12" and I didn't see were to choose the size.
Does this work on cribs with a curved rail?
is the "padding" thick enough to cushion a head bump. The edge of our crib has a lip and when our baby stands up he bangs his head. How thick?
Okay so the big question!!! Has your baby learned to untie these? If so, don't these pose a similar risk as bumpers if they came off and fell in crib?
For those of you who have the white color.....does it seem to get stained easily? Debating on getting white or gray. Crib I have is white.
Does anyone still have the tags on it? I took mine off but now I am curious if the tags say anything about meeting Technical Bulletin 117?
Is the white rail cover really white or more of an ivory?
Read reviews about fluff coming out from underside-have you had this issue? If yes, how long have you had the cover and times it was washed?
is this the same quality as the set you offer to sell thru Prime Amazon as well...
The circumference of the rail I would like to protect is 20". Is the 18" length plus the length of the attaching strings enough to cover 20"?
I want to buy the green Crib Wrap. Is this 51" by 12" or 51" by 6"? I need the 51" by 12" and I didn't see were to choose the size.
Does this work on cribs with a curved rail?
is the "padding" thick enough to cushion a head bump. The edge of our crib has a lip and when our baby stands up he bangs his head. How thick?
Okay so the big question!!! Has your baby learned to untie these? If so, don't these pose a similar risk as bumpers if they came off and fell in crib?
For those of you who have the white color.....does it seem to get stained easily? Debating on getting white or gray. Crib I have is white.
Does anyone still have the tags on it? I took mine off but now I am curious if the tags say anything about meeting Technical Bulletin 117?
Is the white rail cover really white or more of an ivory?
Read reviews about fluff coming out from underside-have you had this issue? If yes, how long have you had the cover and times it was washed?
is this the same quality as the set you offer to sell thru Prime Amazon as well...
The circumference of the rail I would like to protect is 20". Is the 18" length plus the length of the attaching strings enough to cover 20"?
I want to buy the green Crib Wrap. Is this 51" by 12" or 51" by 6"? I need the 51" by 12" and I didn't see were to choose the size.
Does this work on cribs with a curved rail?
is the "padding" thick enough to cushion a head bump. The edge of our crib has a lip and when our baby stands up he bangs his head. How thick?
Okay so the big question!!! Has your baby learned to untie these? If so, don't these pose a similar risk as bumpers if they came off and fell in crib?
For those of you who have the white color.....does it seem to get stained easily? Debating on getting white or gray. Crib I have is white.
Does anyone still have the tags on it? I took mine off but now I am curious if the tags say anything about meeting Technical Bulletin 117?
Is the white rail cover really white or more of an ivory?
Read reviews about fluff coming out from underside-have you had this issue? If yes, how long have you had the cover and times it was washed?
is this the same quality as the set you offer to sell thru Prime Amazon as well...
The circumference of the rail I would like to protect is 20". Is the 18" length plus the length of the attaching strings enough to cover 20"?
I want to buy the green Crib Wrap. Is this 51" by 12" or 51" by 6"? I need the 51" by 12" and I didn't see were to choose the size.
Does this work on cribs with a curved rail?
is the "padding" thick enough to cushion a head bump. The edge of our crib has a lip and when our baby stands up he bangs his head. How thick?
Okay so the big question!!! Has your baby learned to untie these? If so, don't these pose a similar risk as bumpers if they came off and fell in crib?
For those of you who have the white color.....does it seem to get stained easily? Debating on getting white or gray. Crib I have is white.
Does anyone still have the tags on it? I took mine off but now I am curious if the tags say anything about meeting Technical Bulletin 117?
Is the white rail cover really white or more of an ivory?
Read reviews about fluff coming out from underside-have you had this issue? If yes, how long have you had the cover and times it was washed?
is this the same quality as the set you offer to sell thru Prime Amazon as well...
The circumference of the rail I would like to protect is 20". Is the 18" length plus the length of the attaching strings enough to cover 20"?
I want to buy the green Crib Wrap. Is this 51" by 12" or 51" by 6"? I need the 51" by 12" and I didn't see were to choose the size.
How many prefolds does each package have?
What is the difference between 2x5x2 and 4x6x4?
Where is the regular 4x6x4 option?
What are the actual dimensions of these burp cloth/diapers?
I wear a 34DD pre-pregnancy. Should I order the M/L flanges or the XL/XXL ones?
will these fit the evenflo breast pump?
What bra/cup size do these compare to? Would they fit a 38D or would you recommend a bigger size?
Does this include the valves on the bottom and membrane inserts for the top? They're not pictured but necessary.
Can this kit be used with large and xlarge shields?
Does this kit come in an unopened package?
Does this kit come with the Medela Valves and Membranes? In the picture it looks like it does. THanks
Can this be used as a stand alone (not attached to the wall) gate? Does it have pressure connectors?
I need to close off a 73" space for a puppy. Can this adjust to that space?
Can it be hard-mounted to 2 perpendicular walls?
If this gate is attached to the wall on both ends, is it possible to unhook one end and swing the whole gate out of the way?
How wide is the opening for the door? Not the width of the door itself, but the space to walk through.
does the gate have a stay open feature?
What are the measurements of each of the three sections? I have a gas fireplace with molding that is 61" wide and wondering if this gate will work.
Is this 76" including the pieces to mount it or 76"+ the mounting? My space is 76" and 1/4 so I'm wondering if this would work for me.
I need the gate to fit at a right angle to fit an awkward space. Can I adjust the gate to 36 inches on one side and 24 inches on the other?
Can a toddler figure out how to open this gate?
Can I use this to clean the tongue of my two months old baby boy?
What is the age recomended? Does it work on a 1 year old baby with 7 teeths
How well will it work if an adult slipped it on his/her index finger and used it to brush his/her own teeth? Thanx
Is it made of silicone?
Is this brush BPA-free?
What is the material of this toothbrush?
What cover is compatible with this changing pad?
Does this pad come with a way to attach it to the changing table or dresser in the back?
What is the correct length/width of this pad? The same pad is on another website that lists different dimensions than Amazon.
Do you have to purchase some sort of protector for it?
If you put a changing pad cover on this, is it still no-skid?
Is this product indeed non-skid? Numerous reviews say otherwise.
My daughter is 10weeks old and weighs about 13lbs, 25inches long is this a good size for her?
i'm going to have my first child in June, and would like to know does the small size ok for a newborn?
I would like to purchase multiples of this item, do you combine shipping?
Does anyone know if this will fit a City Mini GT Double Stroller? Their own console doesn't have very good review so I'm looking for an alternative.
Did anyone confirm if this fits on the Bob Duallie? The other answers sounded not totally sure? Thanks :)
Will this fit on a single BOB jogging stroller?
Is it Black Or blue?
Will it fit the BOB Revolution Duallie which is 36" wide?
Will it the width of the BOB Revolution Duallie which is 36" wide?
Does this stroller fit two car seats?? Or can it?
At what angle does the seat sit the most upright? For example, will it allow my children to sit straight up, or will they have to recline somewhat?
how far does the seat lay down?
Can anyone let me know how easy/hard it is to open and close this stroller?
Does anyone know what the weight capacity is for this stroller?
Does a Chicco Keyfit30 adapt for this?
Where can I buy replacment inner tubes for this stroller??
confused with the dimensions is the width 30 inches? I'm looking for a narrow double stroller since most are so wide.
I have a newborn and a toddler. Is this a good stroller used for jogging?
since your stroller is unable to accommodate newborn twins do you have any advice on any jogging stroller that does?
Does this stroller fit two car seats?? Or can it?
At what angle does the seat sit the most upright? For example, will it allow my children to sit straight up, or will they have to recline somewhat?
how far does the seat lay down?
Can anyone let me know how easy/hard it is to open and close this stroller?
Does anyone know what the weight capacity is for this stroller?
Does a Chicco Keyfit30 adapt for this?
Where can I buy replacment inner tubes for this stroller??
confused with the dimensions is the width 30 inches? I'm looking for a narrow double stroller since most are so wide.
I have a newborn and a toddler. Is this a good stroller used for jogging?
since your stroller is unable to accommodate newborn twins do you have any advice on any jogging stroller that does?
Original Ergo or Performance? Does anyone have any thoughts or advice?
Sport or Performance best for hot weather? We live in a very hot climate (India) and I'd love any input on which Ergo carrier is best for the heat?
LargeFrame ok? Any large parents out there with some feedback?
Why does it say Premmie in sizes? I want to buy it from this dealer but not sure because of the size info, Is this ergo the same size as others?
height restrictions for Ergo baby carrier: Will I be able to comfortably carry baby in this carrier or will it hang down too low on my frame?
Is this a genuine Ergo? Any proof?
Ergo weight limit? How come the ergo is strength and durability tested up to 90lb but their recommend only using it to 40lb?
Ergo Baby Carrier - Breastfeeding? Will the Ergo carrier allow me to do this?
Organic? How do I carry my robot baby? Seriously, they just made this for organic babies?
Would this work for a newborn?
Do these cups come with a cover/lid to go over the spout?
Is this 2 packages, each with 2 cups (for a total of 4 cups), or is the total 2 cups?
Do these fit in a standard carseat cup holder?
Is the spout a hard or soft chewable plastic?
Are these BPA free?
Is the valve removable? The valve twists from one side to another...what is the significance of the valve being twistable?
Is this sippy? meaning, does it have two dot-sized holes, or can one drink easily from it? My daughter hates when she has to wait for liquid to come
Will liquid come out of the sprout if child reverses the bottle, shakes it or drops it? My LO enjoys carrying her cups around...
Where is the cup made?
Does the liquid come out a lot without the leak proof valve? My son has autism and can't use the leak proof part of the cups.
Is this dishwasher safe?
does it come more then one?
does it fit the soothie pacifier?
Will a NUK pacifier fit in this?
Does Philips Avent pacifier fit in here?
I'd like to get a vinyl sticker to put on the clear cover of the baby's monogram. Does anyone know the approximate size?
Does it have suctions on the bottom to stick to table or highchair?
does it come with a lid?
Do these plates pull up easy. Thanks
how wide are they? I'm wondering if it will fit on my son's high chair.
Nuby Section Plate: Can anybody tell me if this Nuby section plate comes with lids.
Can they be put in the microwave and dishwasher?
Is there protection sleeve available that can fit these glass bottles?
Is this natural rubber latex? I saw that Nuk sells natural rubber latex nipples but it's unclear to me if this is the same thing.
Do other nuk latex nipples fit this bottle's lid?
Do sticky foods like pureed prunes and apricots pop out easily? I am currently having difficulty with a different product, which is made of plastic.
Is the container made of silicone or plastic?
Can this be put in the microwave?
Is this product made in the USA or is it imported and if so, from where?
How tight is the seal on the individual sections? Could I put yogurt in one section without the yogurt spilling into other sections? thanks
Mfg. mentions batteries but doesn't state which kind or how many? Anyone know?
Did anyone buy an extra mattress? If so, please share the link because I can't find the exact size.
Is this flat packed (build it yourself)? I am buying it then traveling back to Costa Rica and wanted to know if it would fit in a large case?
Can the frilly part around the outside come off? I hate that look on bassinets but can't find one without that.
Did anyone else find that the mattress is really thin? I know newborns need a firm surface, but this seems too hard. Did you buy a replacement?
Does it fold up for traveling?
I am due in 8 weeks (13th Sept) I need this shipped to Australia, how long will it take to get here?
Does it come with the mattress?
Does it fold/come apart at all for storage?
Does it have wheels to move it? I am sorry but I don't see any in the pictures
Can the pacifier be removed for separate washing and sanitizing?
Baby wakes every time he drops paci. He is still too small to grab it and put it in his mouth. Will this help keep it near his mouth? He's 10 wo.
What size is the pacifier? Is it ok for a newborn? What if you need the next size up (3months+)?
Is this pacifier breastfeeding friendly? We currently use MAM with no problems.
can this toy send to HK as well?
I'm guessing you aren't able to throw this in the wash since it has a pacifier attached. how do you wash it?
Is there any safety concern with the bags of beads in the hands and feet?
ARE THEY MADE IN AMERICA?
Some of the animal Wubbanub pacifier descriptions say BPA free but I didn't see that on the monkey description. Are all the pacifiers used BPA free?
Are there any dentist reviews on the wubbanub with toy being heavier than just a pacifier in the mouth and its impact on developing teeth?
Can the entire thing, including hanging pieces, be cleaned with sanitizing wipes? Need a mobile for hospital use that can be cleaned between babies.
Manual thrown out by accident...do you have to manually rock the fish, or does it do it on its own? Can't figure it out! Thanks in advance!
Which songs does the mobile play?
How long will the music play before stopping?
What is the part that touches the breast made of? I have used both medela (hard plastic) and avent (soft silicone) and prefer the softer one.
Does this come with the adapter ring so you can pump directly into smaller mouthed bottles?
Does this "Hygeia EnJoye LBI Breast Pump with Black Tote Set" come with the internal battery?
What are the product dimensions of the pump?
Does the pump come with all the parts that I need to start pumping right away? Or do I need to purchase those separately?
Does it come with an accessory kit?
is this a closed system?
Does it work with playtex airvent bottles?
Do medela bottles fit with this pump?
Is this model the latest one? Does it have the CARE button where you can record your baby's cry?
Will this work for the Ameda Purely Yours double pump?
Can you wear this bra the whole day or you have to put it on every time ? I have very limited time for pumping
How large are the openings for the flange? I have some Maymom pump parts where the flange does not disconnect from the connectors.
Can you pump on one side and nurse your baby on the other side at the same time using this Hands-Free bra?
how do i know what size to get?
I am a 36D normally and a 36 E when nursing. what size do I need? Is there a sizing chart that I am missing?
Is it pretty easy to keep from accidentally dripping on it? Which color looks least gross in-between washing?
is the size accurate
Does this Bra work with the Avent Comfort Pump?
What's the difference between this bra and the simple wishes d lite hands free breast pump bra?
Will this work for the Ameda Purely Yours double pump?
Can you wear this bra the whole day or you have to put it on every time ? I have very limited time for pumping
How large are the openings for the flange? I have some Maymom pump parts where the flange does not disconnect from the connectors.
Can you pump on one side and nurse your baby on the other side at the same time using this Hands-Free bra?
how do i know what size to get?
I am a 36D normally and a 36 E when nursing. what size do I need? Is there a sizing chart that I am missing?
Is it pretty easy to keep from accidentally dripping on it? Which color looks least gross in-between washing?
is the size accurate
Does this Bra work with the Avent Comfort Pump?
What's the difference between this bra and the simple wishes d lite hands free breast pump bra?
does the matress included ?
This crib looks kind of high when it converts to a toddler bed. Would it be a far fall to the ground for a toddler if they rolled out?
What color is the oak one? The picture shows the oak as more of a honey oak. We're looking for honey oak and want to make sure that's what it is.
what about the full size bed rails ?
How long is this crib, really? The dimensions listed on Amazon seem misleading. 59" length is much longer than the standard 53"-54" inches.
Does the two rear legs supposed to have holes in them covered by pads? Or is that a defect with the product?!
Does the name icons come with it?
What is it made of?
Did you like these banks?
What is the difference between the Tuscany &amp; Hoop models of the Stork Craft gliders?
What is the warranty on this chair. We haven't had it for a few months and it squeaks excessively. I've lubed the moving parts and tightened everything but it still squeaks. thinking about getting a refund.
Is this for outside covered protected patio?
My husband is 6'5", is the back on this glider tall?
Lock in place? Does this glider have that capability?
recliner? Does this chair recline, too?
I can't tell what color the fabric is from the picture, some pictures it looks like a dark beige, others look off-white. Anyone know what color it is?
What is the distance from the seat cushion surface to the floor? Is the chair lockable in a level position or at least to not glide?
Does the ottoman have a nursing stool pull out?
can the cushions be removed. I woud like to dye it to match my nursery
What is the difference between the Tuscany &amp; Hoop models of the Stork Craft gliders?
What is the warranty on this chair. We haven't had it for a few months and it squeaks excessively. I've lubed the moving parts and tightened everything but it still squeaks. thinking about getting a refund.
Is this for outside covered protected patio?
My husband is 6'5", is the back on this glider tall?
Lock in place? Does this glider have that capability?
recliner? Does this chair recline, too?
I can't tell what color the fabric is from the picture, some pictures it looks like a dark beige, others look off-white. Anyone know what color it is?
What is the distance from the seat cushion surface to the floor? Is the chair lockable in a level position or at least to not glide?
Does the ottoman have a nursing stool pull out?
can the cushions be removed. I woud like to dye it to match my nursery
What is the difference between the Tuscany &amp; Hoop models of the Stork Craft gliders?
What is the warranty on this chair. We haven't had it for a few months and it squeaks excessively. I've lubed the moving parts and tightened everything but it still squeaks. thinking about getting a refund.
Is this for outside covered protected patio?
My husband is 6'5", is the back on this glider tall?
Lock in place? Does this glider have that capability?
recliner? Does this chair recline, too?
I can't tell what color the fabric is from the picture, some pictures it looks like a dark beige, others look off-white. Anyone know what color it is?
What is the distance from the seat cushion surface to the floor? Is the chair lockable in a level position or at least to not glide?
Does the ottoman have a nursing stool pull out?
can the cushions be removed. I woud like to dye it to match my nursery
What is the difference between the Tuscany &amp; Hoop models of the Stork Craft gliders?
What is the warranty on this chair. We haven't had it for a few months and it squeaks excessively. I've lubed the moving parts and tightened everything but it still squeaks. thinking about getting a refund.
Is this for outside covered protected patio?
My husband is 6'5", is the back on this glider tall?
Lock in place? Does this glider have that capability?
recliner? Does this chair recline, too?
I can't tell what color the fabric is from the picture, some pictures it looks like a dark beige, others look off-white. Anyone know what color it is?
What is the distance from the seat cushion surface to the floor? Is the chair lockable in a level position or at least to not glide?
Does the ottoman have a nursing stool pull out?
can the cushions be removed. I woud like to dye it to match my nursery
What is the difference between the Tuscany &amp; Hoop models of the Stork Craft gliders?
What is the warranty on this chair. We haven't had it for a few months and it squeaks excessively. I've lubed the moving parts and tightened everything but it still squeaks. thinking about getting a refund.
Is this for outside covered protected patio?
My husband is 6'5", is the back on this glider tall?
Lock in place? Does this glider have that capability?
recliner? Does this chair recline, too?
I can't tell what color the fabric is from the picture, some pictures it looks like a dark beige, others look off-white. Anyone know what color it is?
What is the distance from the seat cushion surface to the floor? Is the chair lockable in a level position or at least to not glide?
Does the ottoman have a nursing stool pull out?
can the cushions be removed. I woud like to dye it to match my nursery
The measurements state 54.2" x 33" x 43". Is the 43" the full length, the 33" the depth and the 54.2" the height?
Does this come with the toddler rail or does that need to be purchased separately?
Is it truly 4-in-1 or 3-in-1? Some people are saying this is not truly 4-in-1 as when converting to full bed, u have to purchase the rail.
What is the mattress support like for this crib? Is it a flat board or is it on springs?
Can a few of y'all measure the mattresses you are using with this crib, and tell the measurements? On amazon all crib mattresses are different sizes.
Is it truly 4-in-1 or 3-in-1? Some people are saying this is not truly 4-in-1 as when converting to full bed, u have to purchase the rail.
Will I need a new mattress after converting to a full size bed?
What's The matters size that goes with the crib?
Can i take the front rail down and make it a co-sleeper?
How come this does not come with plugs to push into the recessed screw holes to give it a more finished look, especially on the front? Are they available to purchase?
can glass bottles be dried on it
Does this hold water in the bottom? Would like to find one that didn't!
What are the dimensions? Height and width.
$9.3 can get two dyring racks or just one? cause the size is 2-pack, i feel confused.
how quick do the bottles dry on this rack?
It seems I assemble it by wrong way,How could I disassemble it?
The size column indicated 2 pack. Does it mean that there are two racks in the purchase? Thks.
Love this product, but our center utensil holder part broke, anyone know if replacement parts are available anywhere?
I'm having trouble assembling all the pieces, especially the top green cup. Is it just me or is this an issue for other buyers of this product?
how do you disassemble this rack for storage?
Does the espresso cherry have quite a bit of red in it, or is it mostly black? Trying to match to a very dark cherry Storkcraft crib...
Has anybody purchased a DaVinci Kalani crib with this? If so, how did the colors match?
Does this match with the Davinci Cherry furniture or close enough?
Many of the reviews note that the drawers don't open very far (distance-wise). Anyone know how far they do open (in inches or as a percentage of total drawer depth)?
Is there a way to attach this to the wall to prevent tipping?
Are the inner side of the drawers smooth and polished?
Is it particle board?
I have dark chocolate crib so what color should match to dark chocolate - Black cherry or espresso cherry ?
Any experience on how water resistant the top is?
Can anyone give me the actual dimensions as assembled? Please specify which dimensions are which.
Will fabric storage bins fit on the shelves? Does anyone have the dimensions of the lower shelves?
What is the changing pad like that comes with this?
Do you have a recommendation for a changing pad cover that fits?
Could anyone let me know the material? Is it solid wood?
does this table come with wheels for the legs?
Which color is closer to classic 'Expresso'? "Cherry Expresso" or "Black Cherry"?? Thanks
What is the weight limit for this changing table?
What is the height from the floor to the changing table surface where the baby lays.
It says the height is 36.75in. Is that to the top of the wood frame or to the changing table surface where baby lays?
Does the cover come off so it can be washed if needed?
Is the Red actually red or more like pink? It looks pink on my screen but it's for a boy so I want to make sure it's actually more red toned.
Do your kids actually sleep on it?
Does Zooper Twist have baby bumper bar or not? Zooper Twist Stroller, Coconut Waves Does the Zooper Twist have a baby bumper bar?
height of Zooper Twist handles? Is the Zooper Twist handle height OK for shorter people?
weight of zooper twist? We are debating a purchase of the Zooper Twist or Zooper Waltz, but are getting conflicting information about the weight of the Twist... does anyone happen to know if it is 8 lbs or 13 lbs?
Does Zooper Twist have baby bumper bar or not? Zooper Twist Stroller, Coconut Waves Does the Zooper Twist have a baby bumper bar?
height of Zooper Twist handles? Is the Zooper Twist handle height OK for shorter people?
weight of zooper twist? We are debating a purchase of the Zooper Twist or Zooper Waltz, but are getting conflicting information about the weight of the Twist... does anyone happen to know if it is 8 lbs or 13 lbs?
Does Zooper Twist have baby bumper bar or not? Zooper Twist Stroller, Coconut Waves Does the Zooper Twist have a baby bumper bar?
height of Zooper Twist handles? Is the Zooper Twist handle height OK for shorter people?
weight of zooper twist? We are debating a purchase of the Zooper Twist or Zooper Waltz, but are getting conflicting information about the weight of the Twist... does anyone happen to know if it is 8 lbs or 13 lbs?
Does Zooper Twist have baby bumper bar or not? Zooper Twist Stroller, Coconut Waves Does the Zooper Twist have a baby bumper bar?
height of Zooper Twist handles? Is the Zooper Twist handle height OK for shorter people?
weight of zooper twist? We are debating a purchase of the Zooper Twist or Zooper Waltz, but are getting conflicting information about the weight of the Twist... does anyone happen to know if it is 8 lbs or 13 lbs?
Does Zooper Twist have baby bumper bar or not? Zooper Twist Stroller, Coconut Waves Does the Zooper Twist have a baby bumper bar?
height of Zooper Twist handles? Is the Zooper Twist handle height OK for shorter people?
weight of zooper twist? We are debating a purchase of the Zooper Twist or Zooper Waltz, but are getting conflicting information about the weight of the Twist... does anyone happen to know if it is 8 lbs or 13 lbs?
that's the age this book can be used for? Does the recording for baby mile stones go past 1 year in this book?
What size pictures do the memories page sections with the clear photo sections hold?
Does this book have envelopes to put in keepsakes?
Is there a way to have a picture of the book open so I could see how the pages are able to be removed and added?
Does this have any pages to record about the pregnancy (i.e., ultrasound, baby shower, etc)?
what is the exact size of this mattress?
What are the exact measurements of this mattress?
WIll this fit in a Fisher Price Rock n Sleep bassinet?
firm
Is this product a mattress pad or is it an actual mattress?
At the top of the page it says "Measures 12 by 16". Further down, on product description it says, "10 by 6.7 by .5 inches." Which is it?
9.99 dolar is the price for one or all pillow case
When I roll over the colors it doesn't show which one is which? I want the magenta one, is that pink?
Worry about it being to stiff good price, but postage pretty high for a little item shouldn't be more then $4with shipping and handling.Why so much?
Does it come in dark or navy blue? If so, where do I specify this?
Is the blue a pastel or navy? I need light blue.
Can you ship two pillowcases for 7.95 to NYC?
Could an 18X20 pillow fit into one of these with some squishing or would the case be way too tight?
what is the thread count?
Is this pillowcase open at one end, or does it zip, or have an envelope back. I'm looking for one that is open at one end, like a standard pillowcase.
was this seat manufactured in 2013?
When does this seat expire? Does it convert into backless? And do the cup holders come off or slide in? Thank you in advance!
Does this seat recline?
What's the year on this booster?
Does this seat use the LATCH system?
Is this a 5 point harness
was this seat manufactured in 2013?
When does this seat expire? Does it convert into backless? And do the cup holders come off or slide in? Thank you in advance!
Does this seat recline?
What's the year on this booster?
Does this seat use the LATCH system?
Is this a 5 point harness
was this seat manufactured in 2013?
When does this seat expire? Does it convert into backless? And do the cup holders come off or slide in? Thank you in advance!
Does this seat recline?
What's the year on this booster?
Does this seat use the LATCH system?
Is this a 5 point harness
What are the shipping dimensions of the Tiny Love Mobile Classics?
Do you actually have this specific model in stock? I don't want any thing other than what is pictured here.
What music does this play?
Does this play Fur Elise? Do you know of any mobiles that play Fur Elise? (gift for baby girl named Elise for the song)
Can you turn on the movement without the music?
Does the Tiny Love Musical Nature Stroll Toy Bar attach to the Tiny Love Take Along Baby Bouncer?
Do the clips on this toy bar rotate? Would I be able to clip it on two surfaces that aren't exactly parallel, or across a 90 degree corner?
how do you switch melodies? (i see this is a previous question, but i didnt see an answer as to how to do it)
Will it fit a Britax carseat?
Does this fit on the Chicco NextFit convertible carseat OR Graco FastAction Fold Stroller?
Does anyone know if this bar will fit onto a Chicco Infant Carrier? I am looking for a toy bar that has music but I want to make sure it will fit.
Can this fit onto baby jogger city select pram?
how much battires and which ones?
Can't get the music to play. Got a replacement and the 2nd doesn't work either. Is there something else I need to do besides just press the box?
Is this BPA free?
does the pillow cover fit a regular size pillow or a toddler pillow?
Can I use it in a twin size bed?
will the sheet fit a standard crib mattress?
Is the fitted sheet and sheet a cotton/polyester blend? My other sesame street bedding is. Is the quilt and pillow case 100% polyester microfiber?
Will it fit a double bed?
Does this fit the Ikea toddler bed?
Does It Come With A Bed?
what does the term "open box - like new" mean? does it come in the original packaging?
Are the sheets soft?
What are the dimensions of this comforter?
Is this bagpack good for packing daycare stuff for a toddler
The Straps? Hi folks, Those of you who already have this bag, how long are the straps?
does the matching skip hop lunch box fit in the bag with room to spare?
pvc?
Exactly how big? Has anyone been able to fit all this in the bag?
How tall is the compartment? I am trying to order a fold-up umbrella to fit inside.
is this backpack by skip hop? someone complain that is the same bag but didn't name brand
how to clean? hand wash? thanks.
Is this bagpack good for packing daycare stuff for a toddler
The Straps? Hi folks, Those of you who already have this bag, how long are the straps?
does the matching skip hop lunch box fit in the bag with room to spare?
pvc?
Exactly how big? Has anyone been able to fit all this in the bag?
How tall is the compartment? I am trying to order a fold-up umbrella to fit inside.
is this backpack by skip hop? someone complain that is the same bag but didn't name brand
how to clean? hand wash? thanks.
Is this bagpack good for packing daycare stuff for a toddler
The Straps? Hi folks, Those of you who already have this bag, how long are the straps?
does the matching skip hop lunch box fit in the bag with room to spare?
pvc?
Exactly how big? Has anyone been able to fit all this in the bag?
How tall is the compartment? I am trying to order a fold-up umbrella to fit inside.
is this backpack by skip hop? someone complain that is the same bag but didn't name brand
how to clean? hand wash? thanks.
Manufacturer date: Is the manufacturer date after December 2008 when they corrected a manufacturer defect that allows the seat to crack in an accident?
What is the difference between the Triumph Advance DLX and Triumph Advance LX?
Will this seat fit in a honda civic? Anyone know if it will fit?
How does the sizing work for this? Does it depend on the size of the baby or the size of the wearer?
Does this sling have a zipper pouch?
What size is this sling? Extra Large?
what size is this sling? What size is this sling?
size
How does the sizing work for this? Does it depend on the size of the baby or the size of the wearer?
Does this sling have a zipper pouch?
What size is this sling? Extra Large?
what size is this sling? What size is this sling?
size
Can this shelf stand freely or does it need to lean against a wall?
What is the recommended age for this shelf? I want to put it in a nursery. I notice similar shelves recommend 3+ but I don't know if that applies here
How many books can this bookshelf hold?
Would this fit behind a door? We have very little space in my daughter's room, but we love our books!!
Is there pressed wood in any part of this?
Is this bookcase designed to hang on the wall?
"the latch system baffles toddlers" - Has anyone's child learn to open this gate?
Do you have to drill into your banisters to install this gate?
What is the installed height of this gate?
Does this gate automatically close, or does it have to be pushed closed?
We have a iron newel on one side and wall on the other at top of stairs. What will be the best way to mount without drilling holes in the newel?
Can this gate be used for outdoors? Will it get rusted?
Can this be mounted at an angle? the photo makes it look like it can. thanks!
Is it possible to remove the door of the gate down the road, if we need/want it to be open for a long period of time (e.g., a party, between children)
How wide is the strip that screws into the wall? We have a narrow space between the railing and the end of the wall and I'm not sure if it will fit.
IS THIS HARDWARE MOUNT ONLY?
Can you attach the sides of this product with zip ties as well? We do not have a wall or wood on one side of our metal railing.
how thick is it?
The banister I would like to use this on is angled (becomes shorter). Would I be able to cut this to size?
Can this be used outdoors on the balcony?
Holes in wall? Is there a way to safely install without having to make any holes in our walls? Or for the best strength, would I secure to wall?
Could this be used to enclose a TV stand in my living room or would it be too bendy to be useful?
Does 15' = 15 meters in length?
I have contact paper in my pantry that's getting dinged up from heavy items, wondering if I could use this on top of it since plexiglass is so $$$$?
Does it have a chemical smell? Does anyone know what it's made of?
What is the actual thickness of the plastic?
What Size Screws Needed? (For a better Install) Can anyone tell me what size/length I should get?
What mat'l is the hardware? Steel or stainless? Can a magnet stick to it? Thanks
I have a 30" entry frame. Will the gate in it's narrowest position, plus latch assembly, plus hinge assembly and hinge rod fit in this space?
Would my cat be able to get through this gate? That would actually be helpful for us. Thank you.
What is the measure of the spacing between bars?
Could older children open this easily? I have a 7, 6 and 3 yr old that have their bedrooms in the basement but we have another baby on the way and want to know if you think older children would manage opening this gate on thier own.
Can you open and close gate with one arm (with a baby in the other arm)?
Hi I bought this gate some time ago. But don't remember if it's safe to have up at the stairs for toddlers or small children
Could this gate be used outdoors? I am looking for a gate to mount between my garage and fence to block a path from my dog.
How much space, width-wise, do you need to mount the gate on both sides? We bought a banister installation kit and it's only 1.5 inches wide.
how to convert to toddler bed? Can anyone help me with this?
Do Naturepedic mattresses fit this crib?
Does this come with the toddler rail?
CA Prop 65 Warning? Can someone who has bought this crib confirm whether or not there is an actual warning on the package itself?
I would please like to know, when the mattress is set at the lowest possible level, what is the height from the top of an average mattress to the lowest section of the top rail. We have a very tall grandchild. thanks.
Do I need extra peaces to convert it into a day bed?
So do you have to purchase a mattress separately with this crib?
Does anyone know what kind of wood this is made from? I see it has a cherry stain, but there's nothing about the type of wood. Thank you!
Does this bed NEED a toddler rail to make it a Toddler Bed? or can you just take off the crib side?
how to convert to toddler bed? Can anyone help me with this?
Do Naturepedic mattresses fit this crib?
Does this come with the toddler rail?
CA Prop 65 Warning? Can someone who has bought this crib confirm whether or not there is an actual warning on the package itself?
I would please like to know, when the mattress is set at the lowest possible level, what is the height from the top of an average mattress to the lowest section of the top rail. We have a very tall grandchild. thanks.
Do I need extra peaces to convert it into a day bed?
So do you have to purchase a mattress separately with this crib?
Does anyone know what kind of wood this is made from? I see it has a cherry stain, but there's nothing about the type of wood. Thank you!
Does this bed NEED a toddler rail to make it a Toddler Bed? or can you just take off the crib side?
how to convert to toddler bed? Can anyone help me with this?
Do Naturepedic mattresses fit this crib?
Does this come with the toddler rail?
CA Prop 65 Warning? Can someone who has bought this crib confirm whether or not there is an actual warning on the package itself?
I would please like to know, when the mattress is set at the lowest possible level, what is the height from the top of an average mattress to the lowest section of the top rail. We have a very tall grandchild. thanks.
Do I need extra peaces to convert it into a day bed?
So do you have to purchase a mattress separately with this crib?
Does anyone know what kind of wood this is made from? I see it has a cherry stain, but there's nothing about the type of wood. Thank you!
Does this bed NEED a toddler rail to make it a Toddler Bed? or can you just take off the crib side?
Who makes this item?
I have an antique cradle that is 18 by 35 1/8", does this mattress "give" at all? If the mattress was a hair too big, could I squeeze it in there?
Any chance it would fit in a 17" x 36" cradle?
How is the firmness?
will this fit in the Eddie Bauer Wood Bassinet Cradle?
does this particular mattress have rounded edges?
Who makes this? Name of manufacturer?
Is this JPMA certified?
What ages would you suggest using this cup for? Would a one year old (most likely) have success using it?
Is the picture in the description considered to be the "straw" phase? That hard plastic spout would be too hard for my 6 month old to drink from.
If liquid is left in this and it gets miss placed will that cause it to rust?
Which bottle brush works well for cleaning this sippy cup?
Is it true that you have to open up the straw and put in a valve every time you want it not to leak when out?
Have you experienced these issues that reviewers complained about; straw leaks, it's hard to get water out after a few sips?
Is it heavy to hold for the baby?
does this keep milk cold?
Does this cup fit in a stroller cup holder (some others I've bought have been too large)?
Does it come with the 3 stoppers? We already have one but lost the stopper so I'd rather just buy this and have 2 cups with extras.
What ages would you suggest using this cup for? Would a one year old (most likely) have success using it?
Is the picture in the description considered to be the "straw" phase? That hard plastic spout would be too hard for my 6 month old to drink from.
If liquid is left in this and it gets miss placed will that cause it to rust?
Which bottle brush works well for cleaning this sippy cup?
Is it true that you have to open up the straw and put in a valve every time you want it not to leak when out?
Have you experienced these issues that reviewers complained about; straw leaks, it's hard to get water out after a few sips?
Is it heavy to hold for the baby?
does this keep milk cold?
Does this cup fit in a stroller cup holder (some others I've bought have been too large)?
Does it come with the 3 stoppers? We already have one but lost the stopper so I'd rather just buy this and have 2 cups with extras.
What ages would you suggest using this cup for? Would a one year old (most likely) have success using it?
Is the picture in the description considered to be the "straw" phase? That hard plastic spout would be too hard for my 6 month old to drink from.
If liquid is left in this and it gets miss placed will that cause it to rust?
Which bottle brush works well for cleaning this sippy cup?
Is it true that you have to open up the straw and put in a valve every time you want it not to leak when out?
Have you experienced these issues that reviewers complained about; straw leaks, it's hard to get water out after a few sips?
Is it heavy to hold for the baby?
does this keep milk cold?
Does this cup fit in a stroller cup holder (some others I've bought have been too large)?
Does it come with the 3 stoppers? We already have one but lost the stopper so I'd rather just buy this and have 2 cups with extras.
How often should we use it?
My twin boys are 4 months old and just starting to get interested in toys. I'm curious how long they will remain interested in these toys and if it is meant for babies much older than 4 months?
Is the mat cushioned enough to put it directly on the floor or should it be placed on carpet? My house is all wood floor.
How big is the mat?
What is the width and length of the mat? Is it the 29" for both?
Can the 4 legs (don't know what they are called) be removed? I was wondering if the 4 legs be removed so that the gym can be used like a simple mat?
Are the toys bpa free?
What are the packed product dimensions?
Does this item really just weigh 8.8ounces?I found another one very similar to it weighs about 3.6pounds!
What are the washing instructions for this product?
How often should we use it?
My twin boys are 4 months old and just starting to get interested in toys. I'm curious how long they will remain interested in these toys and if it is meant for babies much older than 4 months?
Is the mat cushioned enough to put it directly on the floor or should it be placed on carpet? My house is all wood floor.
How big is the mat?
What is the width and length of the mat? Is it the 29" for both?
Can the 4 legs (don't know what they are called) be removed? I was wondering if the 4 legs be removed so that the gym can be used like a simple mat?
Are the toys bpa free?
What are the packed product dimensions?
Does this item really just weigh 8.8ounces?I found another one very similar to it weighs about 3.6pounds!
What are the washing instructions for this product?
Can I use this for exercise instead of a yoga mat on carpet? I have a yoga mat and it's really bad on carpet (moves a lot)
What is this made from? Is it EVA foam?
How big are the 'teeth'? I currently have the Edu-Tiles and wondering if I could combine this with mine. Thanks
Do the circles come out of each square section?
Would you be able to keep a high chair on top of this mat to use it as a carpet protector?
Is this good for hard floors (with an added quilt on top)?
Size?!? How many square feet does the blue/brown mat cover?
Can I use this for exercise instead of a yoga mat on carpet? I have a yoga mat and it's really bad on carpet (moves a lot)
What is this made from? Is it EVA foam?
How big are the 'teeth'? I currently have the Edu-Tiles and wondering if I could combine this with mine. Thanks
Do the circles come out of each square section?
Would you be able to keep a high chair on top of this mat to use it as a carpet protector?
Is this good for hard floors (with an added quilt on top)?
Size?!? How many square feet does the blue/brown mat cover?
Can I use this for exercise instead of a yoga mat on carpet? I have a yoga mat and it's really bad on carpet (moves a lot)
What is this made from? Is it EVA foam?
How big are the 'teeth'? I currently have the Edu-Tiles and wondering if I could combine this with mine. Thanks
Do the circles come out of each square section?
Would you be able to keep a high chair on top of this mat to use it as a carpet protector?
Is this good for hard floors (with an added quilt on top)?
Size?!? How many square feet does the blue/brown mat cover?
Do you need a mattress pad with this mattress?
I realize this is subjective, but is there anyone who wishes they'd bought a dual firmness mattress instead? I can't decide between the two.
Is there any problem with this matress being smelly when new?
Are there flame retardents in the mattress? It says it passes all requirements, so it sounds like it must.
Can I only use this mattress for a baby or can they continue sleeping on it as a toddler?
I am only interested in these if they are the old colors of green, pink, purple, etc. The new packages have 2 orange, red, yellow and green. Which ar
Are these polypropylene plates?
Are they bpa free?
Are these microwave safe?
Is there any way to make sure that one gets the blue, green, orange, purple and pink set?
These straws work with the Skip Hop Zoo Straw Bottle?
are these straws bendable and how long are they ?
Will these work with playtex cups?
will this straws work with disney cups??
Would these work in the Nuby sports sipper?
are the straws one piece or is there a removable tip? can they be used w/flip top water bottles from justice?
what dimension are cubes in inches?
Does this product come with a lid? Thanks.
Is this BPA free?
Can this be used to freeze breast milk?
Is it 100% silicone with no fillers?
Where is this product made?
Is there a lid with this?
Has anyone experienced mold since it seems such a small hole to drain all the water out of and doesn't come apart?
Has anyone had a problem with this plate sticking securely on a plastic tray of the high chair?
Can the food holder be separated from water compartment so that it can Ben cleane?
Is it microwave safe?
About how much does each section hold? I want to use it for a senior that hates cold food.
Does the warming plate come with a cover for over the food?
Is the hole top screw on? Does it hold the hot water in?
Has anyone used these in non-pocket diapers? I use a pre fold diaper with a thirsties snap cover and am wondering if the inserts would work for that
Is this a hemp/cotton blend? Wondering the percentages too.
Can the large size be used alone in a pocket diaper? Is the absorbency quick enough?
Can you use this for the one size thirsties?
Is there another heavy wetter solution? Bought these and had two in a pocket diaper; she wet them BOTH within an hour...
Anyone used these with gDiapers? The M/L/XL g- inserts are 12.5 in. long, so it seems Thirsties small would be best. Tho'ts on absorption?
Does it have the snaps on the insert like the ones that come with the diaper?
Is size small worth investing in? Or is the large too bulky for 0-6 month old?
Mine just came in the mail. Are there any special instructions to prep them before I use them? Or can I just wash them once and then put them to use?
Can this insert sit directly against baby's skin? Or does it have to be used inside a pocket like microfiber?
How do you prep these inserts? Is there a special wash routine prior to using them for the first time?
Could I use this inside a disposable diaper at night?
These are not straight hemp, they are a hemp and microfiber combo? So can I use just these in the diaper or I have to use it along with a microfiber?
I see the dimensions (Large: 14.5" x 5.5" and Small: 12" x 5"), but is that new in package, or after washing and drying? I understand hemp shrinks.
Do these have any kind of snap on them?
Can you use these on top of a prefold next to babies skin?
Can these be used alone or they are doublers to be used under a Microfiber insert?
Could these inserts be used by themselves in the Thirsties duo wrap cover?
Are these machine washable? Do they work well with thirsties duo wrap?
can thirsties be used with fuzzibunz diapers?
How do you prep these inserts? Is there a special wash routine prior to using them for the first time?
Could I use this inside a disposable diaper at night?
These are not straight hemp, they are a hemp and microfiber combo? So can I use just these in the diaper or I have to use it along with a microfiber?
I see the dimensions (Large: 14.5" x 5.5" and Small: 12" x 5"), but is that new in package, or after washing and drying? I understand hemp shrinks.
Do these have any kind of snap on them?
Can you use these on top of a prefold next to babies skin?
Can these be used alone or they are doublers to be used under a Microfiber insert?
Could these inserts be used by themselves in the Thirsties duo wrap cover?
Are these machine washable? Do they work well with thirsties duo wrap?
can thirsties be used with fuzzibunz diapers?
Will these mats work on very flat carpet?
Will the mat colors bleed if used for wet blocking crochet projects?
can it go over carpet?
Can i get 2 of the 25 pieces set, and put them together (also borders and edges) to make a bigger space for my baby?
how thick is padding, how big are squares
Does anyone know if I can place these outside? How do they fair in the rain?
could two sets be combined to make one larger approx. 3.5 x 6 etc
can you please tell me how long and wide is this product
Where is this product actually made in?
Is the bottom of the Edushape solid play mat flat?
Does this contain BPA, Lead, or Phthalates?
How thick are the tiles?
Is it possible to buy individual replacement tiles? One of my older kids damaged one tile and I hope I don't have to replace whole mat...
can u put 2 sets together to make a larger may?
Can these go in a dishwasher? I am really not interested in wiping down every one of these tiles and letters every time they are dirty :(
Do the letters pop out of the separate squares?
I am teaching Math K-2. Could I use this as a mock carpet (so I can assign each student to sit on a letter or number)?
Is this ok on carpets? Other similar mats on amazon say not recommended on carpet.
Is there a place where I can purchase a replacement tile? We are missing the letter "F"?
Do the letters and numbers pop out of the tiles? I saw other brands of play mats that do and I'm actually hoping these do not.
Does this stick from four sides or two sides?
Does this come in 20 ct packages of 3 as shown on the picture? Or all in one package (60 ct)?
what are the dimensions of the place mat?
Is each place mat individually wrapped?
I am looking to send 2 packs to my daughter in Singapore. Could you give me a price for shipping?
Are these BPA free?
What kinds of pictures are on these? Are they generic or branded (e.g., Disney)?
Is there adhesive on all four sides?
Is there adhesive on all four sides?
Are these biodegradable?
Does this attach to the car with the iso-fix system?
is this base an Isofix system?
I have a maxi cosi mico car seat from 2008. Will this base work with this older car seat model?
I have a maxi cosi mico car seat from 2008. Will this base work with this older car seat model?
Will this base also work with the Cabrio-Fix from the international website?
has anyone had problems with the extending arms on the maxi cosi family seat base not extending lease? One of the extending arms just will not budge.
Will this work with the Cabrio-Fix?
Hi, I own the Cabrio-Fix car seat and I need to know if this base is compatible with this model. Can you please cofirm?
Must the bunting be removed before the stroller can be folded up?
Will this fit a BOB double stroller and up to what age or length child will this fit?
is it waterproof? I will move to Amsterdam soon, will it do with rainy weather?
Will this work for a graco click connect jogger
Can it fit on the bugaboo without removing the canopy?
Has anyone had experience with this product vs. 7 a.m. Enfant's 212 Evolution bunting?
Can this be used for a 6-month old? I'm concerned the infant size would be too small but toddler would be too large?
Would this fit with a Baby Jogger GT? Does one have to take it off to fold the stroller?
Does this fit the Baby Jogger Citi Mini? And can I use it for my 6 month old?
Does this work with a Bob Revolution SE Stroller?
Would a smaller child be able to see clearly with this hood and stroller canopy covering the sides of his head if the stroller is reclined?
Does this have the lining that sits between the baby and the car seat? I ask because people remark about that being an unsafe condition.
My infant is almost 21 lbs, but he is only 9 months old. It looks like the infant size may be too small or not last long enough to justify buying it. Does the toddler size fit in a Chicco Keyfit 30 car seat? I'd like one that is compatible with both my...
size
We live in Chicago where it gets pretty cold. Wondering if I would use this without or without a jacket? Will it be too warm to use with a jacket?
Does this fit the the Chicco Keyfit?
Will this fit the Graco snugride 30?
Must the bunting be removed before the stroller can be folded up?
Will this fit a BOB double stroller and up to what age or length child will this fit?
is it waterproof? I will move to Amsterdam soon, will it do with rainy weather?
Will this work for a graco click connect jogger
Can it fit on the bugaboo without removing the canopy?
Has anyone had experience with this product vs. 7 a.m. Enfant's 212 Evolution bunting?
Can this be used for a 6-month old? I'm concerned the infant size would be too small but toddler would be too large?
Would this fit with a Baby Jogger GT? Does one have to take it off to fold the stroller?
Does this fit the Baby Jogger Citi Mini? And can I use it for my 6 month old?
Does this work with a Bob Revolution SE Stroller?
Must the bunting be removed before the stroller can be folded up?
Will this fit a BOB double stroller and up to what age or length child will this fit?
is it waterproof? I will move to Amsterdam soon, will it do with rainy weather?
Will this work for a graco click connect jogger
Can it fit on the bugaboo without removing the canopy?
Has anyone had experience with this product vs. 7 a.m. Enfant's 212 Evolution bunting?
Can this be used for a 6-month old? I'm concerned the infant size would be too small but toddler would be too large?
Would this fit with a Baby Jogger GT? Does one have to take it off to fold the stroller?
Does this fit the Baby Jogger Citi Mini? And can I use it for my 6 month old?
Does this work with a Bob Revolution SE Stroller?
Can you rotate the seat while the child is in it, or does it have to stay in a fixed position once they are seated?
Does the cushion part come off and able to put in the washing machine?
can this work on any table? Ours has a glass top.
How wide and deep is the attachment part? Meaning, how much overhang or table space is needed to attach it?
How much clearance is required for the brackets under the table? i.e. - what is the length of the arms from where the kid sits to where they end?
Can you use the seat without the tray?
can anyone give me the dimensions of the storage bag? I need to make one myself. Thanks
Does it comes with the tray? Thanks!
is there an easier way to clean this or to keep clean? I have this and its our only high chair- so it rarely gets removed. I of course wipe it down.
how wide are the clamps (or how wide is the tray, cause it looks like the tray is as wide)? we have a small, round table, and the legs are 15" apart.
Can you rotate the seat while the child is in it, or does it have to stay in a fixed position once they are seated?
Does the cushion part come off and able to put in the washing machine?
can this work on any table? Ours has a glass top.
How wide and deep is the attachment part? Meaning, how much overhang or table space is needed to attach it?
How much clearance is required for the brackets under the table? i.e. - what is the length of the arms from where the kid sits to where they end?
Can you use the seat without the tray?
can anyone give me the dimensions of the storage bag? I need to make one myself. Thanks
Does it comes with the tray? Thanks!
is there an easier way to clean this or to keep clean? I have this and its our only high chair- so it rarely gets removed. I of course wipe it down.
how wide are the clamps (or how wide is the tray, cause it looks like the tray is as wide)? we have a small, round table, and the legs are 15" apart.
What does the Material Type"Plastic"mean? Is it PP, PES or any other kinds material?
What is the difference between the wide mouth and the regular bottles (aside from the obvious- wide mouth). Does the wide mouth serve a purpose?
Do the pieces of the regular Dr. Brown's bottles fit on the wide neck bottles? Are the nipples the same size? What is the wide "neck"? I
If there is not Lv.1 nipple? Should I order extra Lv.1 for new born?
feel confuse for the description. I can see from the image this set have level 1 nipples in it. Thus, is Lv.1 or Lv.2 ?
How many bottles are they?
How old can the baby be to use these bottles? Is there a max age? Sorry...may be stupid question, but first time mom-to-be.
Made in USA or other country for bottle and nipple?
What type of cleaaning brush does this kit come with?
Are the nipples that are included on the bottles themselves a level 1 flow nipple?
It says the mattress is included. Is that true?
Is the kit to convert this into a twin bed included? I can't find a conversion kit separate anywhere on amazon.
what is the weight limit reccommendation and what are the dimensions?
Has anyone tried to move this out of one room to another? I want to have this in our room until she is a few weeks old, then move her to her room.
Dream On Me said they didn't make the rails for the conversion kit. He suggested the metal frame. Has anybody found the conversion kit? Where?
is this crib certified lead free? I just read that the red paints may have lead and now I am worried.
Can someone tell me exactly what mattress you purchased with this crib? I'd like to buy a mattress with the crib.
From where to buy kit, rails or anything else needed to convert it to twin bed I or twin bed II?
What is the max weight capacity for this crib?
That measure is the product in the box sent to another country. thanks
It says the mattress is included. Is that true?
Is the kit to convert this into a twin bed included? I can't find a conversion kit separate anywhere on amazon.
what is the weight limit reccommendation and what are the dimensions?
Has anyone tried to move this out of one room to another? I want to have this in our room until she is a few weeks old, then move her to her room.
Dream On Me said they didn't make the rails for the conversion kit. He suggested the metal frame. Has anybody found the conversion kit? Where?
is this crib certified lead free? I just read that the red paints may have lead and now I am worried.
Can someone tell me exactly what mattress you purchased with this crib? I'd like to buy a mattress with the crib.
From where to buy kit, rails or anything else needed to convert it to twin bed I or twin bed II?
What is the max weight capacity for this crib?
That measure is the product in the box sent to another country. thanks
It says the mattress is included. Is that true?
Is the kit to convert this into a twin bed included? I can't find a conversion kit separate anywhere on amazon.
what is the weight limit reccommendation and what are the dimensions?
Has anyone tried to move this out of one room to another? I want to have this in our room until she is a few weeks old, then move her to her room.
Dream On Me said they didn't make the rails for the conversion kit. He suggested the metal frame. Has anybody found the conversion kit? Where?
is this crib certified lead free? I just read that the red paints may have lead and now I am worried.
Can someone tell me exactly what mattress you purchased with this crib? I'd like to buy a mattress with the crib.
From where to buy kit, rails or anything else needed to convert it to twin bed I or twin bed II?
What is the max weight capacity for this crib?
That measure is the product in the box sent to another country. thanks
Is the quick release feature child proof? In other words, can a child remove this once properly installed?
Can this be hung vertically, to the top and bottom of the window frame? What is the max width and what is the framing made of?
would this work for a bay window?
What size tri-wing screwdriver does it require? I figured I'd just order one from amazon along with the screen
My toddler likes to smack on the window -- will the mesh prevent this?
are these not taut or can the be taut? I have side sliding windows and is wondering if this will get in the way of me opening and closing. thank you!
Were the installation instructions supposed to be in the box? Ours didn't come with anything...
can this be mounted on the INSIDE of a window frame? thanks!
how many holes on the standard flow nipple?
Is standard flow the same as medium flow / what're the age recommendations?
Will this nipples fit the Pediasure nutrition drink
Are these sterile? As in ready to use?
Those nipples in the picture show expiration date as of 04/2013. Are they the ones I'm going to get, if I decide to buy? Thanks.
Do these nipples fit the Enfamil 8 oz ready to feed bottles?
Do these nipples fit on Gerber ready to feed glass bottles?
What size mattress does this fit?
What kind of wood is this cradle made of? Is it solid wood or some kind of wood composite like in cheap furnature?
How tall is this cradle? Is it high enough to be able to move the baby in and out of it comfortably?
is there a trick to getting the brakes to work properly? it seems to wobble no matter how I position them.
What is the weight limit?
Does this cradle have wheels so that it can be rolled from room to room?
How do you install the locking pins? instructions only show installation of one of the pins (and no holes in headboards for guidance)
What sheets fit this? Thanks
Does this fit in the Davinci Kalani Mini crib?
Would this fit a standard crib?
Can anyone tell me where this mattress is manufactured?
Does anyone know if this mattress fits the DaVinci Annabelle mini crib?
Would this fit in a standard Pack n play?
I've been using this for only 7 weeks with my newborn and notice a dent/sinking where baby sleeps. Anyone else have this problem?
Does this fit the Babyletto Origami mini crib?
Would this fit in a pack n play?
Is this a foam mattress or does it have coils/springs?
Is the mattress inside removeable?
Would it work to mount this from the ceiling (well-anchored in a supportive beam) instead of using a stand? Our bedroom ceiling is only 6 feet high.
Will I receive the old model pictured, with two hanging attachments, or the new model that has four attachments (as seen on the Hushamok site)?
Does anyone know where I can get a replacement for the bar? Basically this product but not the cloth piece.
What the... I was so excited to look for one of these, and it's two hundred dollars WITHOUT THE STAND?
what material is this made from?
are the colors black white and pink? i see some comments say it was an off white cream color and dark brown.
what are the dimensions of the changing bag? Thanks.
will it fit mini crib?
Are all of SoHo products imported from China? Do they have any American made Quilts?
What is the measurements if the quilt?
What is the measurements if the quilt?
What are the measurements of the valances?
Is this BLACK PINK AND WHITE? some reviews are saying they recived brown
What is the material like? a fleece, ployster? is it soft? how did it do after washing it?
The cup pictured does not match the description given. Please verify which product is being sold. An insulated flip straw or the one pictured?Thanks
Do you have to bite down or suck really hard to drink from this straw?
Can you put baby formula in this? What is the age reccommendation?
made in
Can you put this cup in a bottle warmer?
Can we put warm milk in these cups?
is cleaning easy?
Can you purchase replacement straws for these?
The description says pack of 2, so does that mean it is a pack two for $8.49? Or is it saying one for $8.49, until you select two pack?
Will these work on a summer infant baby gate?
Could these work on wall corners? We would like to go from one edge to another instead of flat wall to flat wall if possible.
Will this work for my 1 1/4" metal banister (it is square. )
How long is the bolt part of this Y spindle? My gate will only allow for a shorter Y adaptor then the one I already bought from BabyDan. Thank you!
I bought the dreambaby gate and I have the wall on one side and a banister on the other side at the top of my stairs. will the gate work without this?
WILL IT WORK FOR REGALO BABY GATES?
Will these work with a Carlson brand gate?
does it work with muchkin
Will the adapters work with square wooden 3x3 inch bannisters (not a spindle)?
Will this adaptor attach to a very basic wooden pressure mounted gate?
Can you use this with the Ameda purely yours pump?
are the flanges clear type or the new opaque plastic type?
I have the Lansinoh double breast pump (2008) and it looks exactly like this. Would this work with that pump?
Can it be used with Ameda Platinum breast pump?
is it made in USA?
Could you please verify all the pieces that this set comes with?
Can this kit also be used with the purely yours ultra pump? Thanks!
Can I use this with the Ameda Lactaline personal dual electric breastpump
What size are the flanges that are included?
Does this kit come with the two bottles?
Can this be used with twins?
How do you know what size to get? There is no sizing information available.
How long is the wrap? and does it take a long time to wrap?
Can baby be worn on my back with this?
What material is it made of?
Has anyone used this for heavier kids? I have a special needs son 30 lbs but 6 years old and need a way to have some outside support to help carry him
What is the maximum weight this can carry?
Could I wrap a newborn in this wrap? Is there a size minimum?
The fabric seems to be pulling against the back of my baby's (8 lbs) neck. If I pull the fabric up it goes all the way over her head. Is this normal?
Is the maya wrap cloth colorfast? Do the colors of the wrap leach upon washing?
Can you put a Snuza monitor on a cloth diaper?
Snuza: Can the snuza be used under a swaddle?
Will the alarm still work if the baby is in an automatic swing? Will the motion of the swing fool it into thinking the baby's breathing?
What voltage does this require? Or is it battery operated? My wife is having twins and we plan to put them side by side. Will it work independently?
Does this work for a stomach sleeping baby?
diaper changes and/or night feedings? Will it alarm? How does this work during diaper changes and/or night feedings?
Does anyone have experience with this product specifically when they brought their premature child home from the hospital? (27 weeker for us)
Can this monitor be used once the baby starts moving around in bed and rolling over to belly?
Does other sound in the room cause a false alarm? Because of close rooms and other house noise, we anticipate having a sound machine in the baby's room. I was just curious if this would interfere.
Does this work in the car? I'm interested in getting this for a very long cross-country trip with my baby in the back seat.
Is the smell of the PVC very strong?
What is the difference between this bed and the Shrunks toddler inflatable bed?
What are the inside dimensions? Actual width of the sleeping area, minus the bumpers?
How long is the warranty?
does it fold small enough to put it in a suitcase for airtravel? How heavy is it?
I find the aerobed quite noisy (creaky) when my kid turns over. Is this quieter?
what sheets did you use
Is it brown or blue?
What are the outside dimensions of the bed when inflated. I need to make sure that it fits in the space left in the bedroom
What is the size of the bed in the travel bag?
Is the straw easy to clean? I normally stay away from straws/sippy cups due to hard to clean areas...
Does this bottle spill or leak?
Does the design get scratched off the thermos after time/normal usage?
Are these leak proof and can you put them in the dishwasher?
Does it have a carry handle?
Can we also put hot water in this product and does it have small brush to clean the straw part?
Hi, is this a BPA-free product? Cheers
I had one like this that was musical, is this one also or did sassy eliminate the music. Mine did break.
battery compartment
Is this BPA free?
Can I put this in the dishwasher?
does this work in portable cribs
what is the size of the mirror?
I just recieved mine that I ordered from Amazon, but I bought it to attach to the crib, but I don't see any elastic/velcro straps???
Is it made of washable material, I will use it for an infant massage class and need to wash them frequently.
How can this be wash?
hi is it in scarlet red? the picture shows it to be of another colour.
Which colors do you have? thanks
Do you still have it in blue sky?
Is it just a pillow, or head support for an infant?
Does this work on the Maclaren Quest?
Do you ship to UK?
How tall does it get?
Shipping information says delivery will be in 17-31BUSINESS days. Is this really true?
Can the seeds be replanted?
Are these labeled VFN for disease resistance?
What is the disease resistance?
Is this species determinate or indeterminate?
How do you charge this? My daughter is looking for a night light that can't be unplugged for our 2 year old granddaughter.
Can you leave this charging and on all night, or do you have to remove it from the charging station to turn it on as a night light?
My son wants something he can read with at night without waking his sibling on the lower bunk with the big light. Is this bright enough to read by?
Is there an easy way to turn it on, in the middle of the night, for diapering and feeding?
How long is the battery time if leaving it on?
Is there a way to reset the night light? The Dino stopped working last night. No red light when charging doesn't turn on.
I'm looking for a red night light. Do you have to cycle through the different color settings every time you turn it on?
Blue light is bad to use because it stunts melatonin. Is there an option of yellow light? Can't imagine red wd be soothing.
Does the red charging light turn green when charging is complete? We've had ours charging for 12hrs and it's still red.
My question is in regards to batteries - are they included? What battery type does it take?
How do you charge this? My daughter is looking for a night light that can't be unplugged for our 2 year old granddaughter.
Can you leave this charging and on all night, or do you have to remove it from the charging station to turn it on as a night light?
My son wants something he can read with at night without waking his sibling on the lower bunk with the big light. Is this bright enough to read by?
Is there an easy way to turn it on, in the middle of the night, for diapering and feeding?
How long is the battery time if leaving it on?
Is there a way to reset the night light? The Dino stopped working last night. No red light when charging doesn't turn on.
I'm looking for a red night light. Do you have to cycle through the different color settings every time you turn it on?
Blue light is bad to use because it stunts melatonin. Is there an option of yellow light? Can't imagine red wd be soothing.
Does the red charging light turn green when charging is complete? We've had ours charging for 12hrs and it's still red.
My question is in regards to batteries - are they included? What battery type does it take?
are the Sassy teethers BPA free?
Is this a two pack or does only one come for 2.99?
how to clean
Are they BPA free?
Are the links dishwasher safe?
Is this item new and in the original package/wrapper?
Is it a teether?
Is this BPA free?
Amazon lists this toy as imported but it doesn't state where. Does anyone know where this was made?
Are these really organic? Phthalates , PVC, ect.. Free?
Are these sheets true white or a natural ivory color?
What is fabric content/thread count difference between Quickzip organic crib sheets and Quickzip crib sheets? Any difference in washing/wear results?
How do I buy an additional zipper top?
The Rock &amp; Play Sleeper - when baby gets wet? I've registered for this because of the amazing reviews, but have one question... if the baby is wet and the sleeper gets wet, what do you do?
Transitioning to crib - now what? What kind of wedge do you think we should buy?
Rock &amp; Play - bog enough for 4-5mo.old? Airplane travel? Anyone use this on a larger baby4-5 months old?
Can you swaddle the baby when in this sleeper? Is it possible to do so when in this sleeper?
Head Support: Do people feel an extra support is necessary or is it ok without additional support?
How Sturdy? Side to Side or Back and Forth? Does anyone know how sturdy this is?
How can you take this apart? I know it's easy to put together and folds, but it seems impossible to take the pieces apart? Is there a specific way?
Does it recline as a chair?
How do you swaddle a baby with the buckle/crotch strap on? Is it safe to not use the belt at night? Thanks.
Do people use the seat buckle when using it?
Why should this product only be used with cotton bedding? Will it be a problem if my mattress is not cotton?
Does this fit a co-sleeper mini bassinet mattress?
So I am not supposed to use a waterproff mattress protector over this? Is it just the sheet on top?
Can you re-use the wrap? I might be getting a new mattress and want to know if the adhesive will allow me to un-stick it and re-stick it
is it waterproof?
What is this cover made of? I don't see where it tells.
Can I clean it with vinegar water?
does this cover use low density food grade polyethylene? if not what is it made out of?
Does the company offer this same product in regular mattress sizes? I'm looking for a cal king size mattress cover to protect against an old mattress
What is this mattress cover made of?
Do they really stay in place?
Are these the same material on each side? I have a pair with a " waterproof like" material on one side and hate it.
Are these pads CERTIFIED organic? GOTS certifited?
Will this work for model # SCD 525? It seems to be exactly the same but I was hoping I could get confirmation before buying it. Thanks!
How many hours does this battery keep the monitor charged?
My model is SCD 520-R. does anyone know if there is a difference? The battery in my unit says 850m Ah, whereas this one says 700mAh.
i purchased this battery for my philips avent baby monitor scd520, and it does not fit in. What does that mean?
Can this be used to keep a wheel chair folded when putting it in a car
Will this work on a rollator walker?
is it compatible with a double stroller? like the city mini baby jogger double?
Does this work on the bugaboo bee stroller? Thanks!
What is the width of the strap (including the plastic piece)?
does this work for the bugaboo cameleon 3?
your swirly hook description lists minimum &amp; max weight. What are these capacities?
My stroller (Baby Jogger City Select) handle is a horizontal bar. Does this work if I put it on the horizontal bar?
Since the hooks attach with velcro, do they slide or do they stay in place?
I have lost one of the hooks (it came off when I travelled on a plane), would it be possible to get a replacement or do I have to order a new set?
Unwanted wheel locking makes turning difficult: Has anyone else had this problem?
Is it good in the dirt?
How to store on a garage wall
WIll it fit in my trunk? Anyway, will it fit?
Good stroller for a large child? Is this a good stroller for a bigger child, or will he feel squished?
2011 City Mini Double Shoulder harness straps: Those of you who have the city mini, if you have older kids who don't like the shoulder harness how did you remove them?
Difference between 2010 and 2011: Does anyone know what the difference is between the 2010 and 2011 model of the city mini double stroller?
Unwanted wheel locking makes turning difficult: Has anyone else had this problem?
Is it good in the dirt?
How to store on a garage wall
WIll it fit in my trunk? Anyway, will it fit?
Good stroller for a large child? Is this a good stroller for a bigger child, or will he feel squished?
2011 City Mini Double Shoulder harness straps: Those of you who have the city mini, if you have older kids who don't like the shoulder harness how did you remove them?
Difference between 2010 and 2011: Does anyone know what the difference is between the 2010 and 2011 model of the city mini double stroller?
Unwanted wheel locking makes turning difficult: Has anyone else had this problem?
Is it good in the dirt?
How to store on a garage wall
WIll it fit in my trunk? Anyway, will it fit?
Good stroller for a large child? Is this a good stroller for a bigger child, or will he feel squished?
2011 City Mini Double Shoulder harness straps: Those of you who have the city mini, if you have older kids who don't like the shoulder harness how did you remove them?
Difference between 2010 and 2011: Does anyone know what the difference is between the 2010 and 2011 model of the city mini double stroller?
Unwanted wheel locking makes turning difficult: Has anyone else had this problem?
Is it good in the dirt?
How to store on a garage wall
WIll it fit in my trunk? Anyway, will it fit?
Good stroller for a large child? Is this a good stroller for a bigger child, or will he feel squished?
2011 City Mini Double Shoulder harness straps: Those of you who have the city mini, if you have older kids who don't like the shoulder harness how did you remove them?
Difference between 2010 and 2011: Does anyone know what the difference is between the 2010 and 2011 model of the city mini double stroller?
Does the fitted sheet fit a crib mattress? We have a converable crib/bed.
What is the size of the quilt?
I seen a set like this at Wal-Mart but it was more expensive. It showed the pillowcase as being reversible with Tow Mater. Is this reversible?
What size pillow does the case fit?
What is the size of the pillow case? And are sheets/pillow case mix of cotton and polyester, or only the comforter?
please, could you specify the size for each object ? In italy we use metric but I will convert it.... Thanks
Do these sheets fit a crib mattress?
will chils bedding work for a boy up to age 5?
Does this fit a twin size mattress?
Does this fit a twin size mattress?
Is this really an All in One like Bumgenius Freetime/Elemental?
What detergent do you use with cloth diapers to make them last?
Hi, Is this diaper the old version (made in turkey) or the new version (made in china)? Thanks!
Does this fuzzibunz pocket size diaper include: the insert?
Is this really an All in One like Bumgenius Freetime/Elemental?
What detergent do you use with cloth diapers to make them last?
Hi, Is this diaper the old version (made in turkey) or the new version (made in china)? Thanks!
Does this fuzzibunz pocket size diaper include: the insert?
Is this really an All in One like Bumgenius Freetime/Elemental?
What detergent do you use with cloth diapers to make them last?
Hi, Is this diaper the old version (made in turkey) or the new version (made in china)? Thanks!
Does this fuzzibunz pocket size diaper include: the insert?
Is this really an All in One like Bumgenius Freetime/Elemental?
What detergent do you use with cloth diapers to make them last?
Hi, Is this diaper the old version (made in turkey) or the new version (made in china)? Thanks!
Does this fuzzibunz pocket size diaper include: the insert?
Is this really an All in One like Bumgenius Freetime/Elemental?
What detergent do you use with cloth diapers to make them last?
Hi, Is this diaper the old version (made in turkey) or the new version (made in china)? Thanks!
Does this fuzzibunz pocket size diaper include: the insert?
Is this really an All in One like Bumgenius Freetime/Elemental?
What detergent do you use with cloth diapers to make them last?
Hi, Is this diaper the old version (made in turkey) or the new version (made in china)? Thanks!
Does this fuzzibunz pocket size diaper include: the insert?
will it work with the model number 02220?
is this camera compatible with summer infant 210A video baby monitor
is this camara compatible with summer infant baby touch monitor
Does this camera work with 02180A - Day and Night Video Monitor? For all of you who bought this camera, do you know if this works with Summer Infant 02180A Day and Night Video Monitor IB?
Can I wash this mat?
Can you tell me what is the actual dimensions when it is put together and in use? LengthxWidthxHeight...thx
What material is the playmat made out of?
What kind of music does the sun play? Is it classical or nursery rhyme type songs? Is it multiple songs or just one repeated?
Can you tell me the demensions of its package,height*length*width?
Is the mat cushioned enough to put it directly on the floor or should it be placed on carpet? My house is all wood floor.
What is the size of this item without being fully assembled? Will it fit in a typical 27'' check-in suitcase? thank you.
Is this freeof bpa, phthalate and other toxins?
does the activity gym come with the baby or just the baby itself ?
Does it have a child-activated setting?
is the tray removable?
Does the AC adapter (plug) come with the swing?
Does this plug-in at all or does it run just on batteries?
One review mentions a mirror but I don't see one in any of the pictures. Is there a mirror for baby to check out their reflection? (rainforest model)
Does this need a push to start or is it powerful enough to self-start swinging? Any known motor issues?
Does the seat adjust?
Does it have a 5 point restraint system or a 3 point?
I also need the seat cover because my puppy chewed ours up! Where can this be purchased?
The seat cover was torn - where can I buy a new seat cover? Any ideas where I can buy only the seat cover to replace it?
Music stopped working: Anyone know what could be going on here or how to fix it?
How padded is the bottom of this? Is it padded enough to allow for the baby to sleep comfortably for extended periods of time?
Is the incline of the rocker adjustable? If so how many settings?
Is the fabric 100% cotton?
What is the weight of the rocker?
Is the vibration adjustable? I'm hoping for strong vibration.
does it also rock, or just vibrates
Does this have an AC adapter or does it run solely on the battery?
What is the weight limit on this product?
Is the soft cloth machine washable and dryer safe?
Do the bottom of the feet have a non-slip pad that would prevent it from slipping on a tile floor?
Does this fit the DaVinci Mini Rocking Crib?
Will this fit the Childcraft Mini Crib, which is 38x24?
Does this mesh liner properly fit the Davinci Kalani Mini Crib?
Does the material contain flame retardants?
Would this fit the jenny lind style crib? I'm unsure if it's considered potable.
Think this would prevent a toddler from poking their fingers through the slats when a baby is in it?
Will this liner help block light / baby's view? We are looking for something to block view, as crib is in our Master Bedroom.
what is the height of the bumper?
Does this fit the Pali cribs?
does it come in a color other then white?
What mattress is perfect for this crib?
What size matress for the toddler bed?
Does it come with side rails for when you convert it into a toddler bed?
It says the lenth is 72''. Is that with the changer attached? what is the total lenth with the changer attached?
How many levels mattress?
Do the bottom drawers go the entire depth of the crib?
my package does not have an assembly manual. has this happen to you? would you be able to upload and share yours?? many thnx
Hello. The product comes disarmed??? What are the dimensions of the box that is packed???
What's a good changing pad for this crib? I find most of them to be bigger than the crib dimensions
How big is the play mat?
What is the material made of? I am looking for my baby's play mat that is alternative to any made of foam.
Where is this product made?
How old would you say that this is usable for a baby/child?
Is it free of BPA, pthalates, and formaldehyde?
Does this potty have a "rubber"/ non-skid bottom that prevents it from sliding around on the tile floor? Thanks!
How high is this? My daughter is 18 months but very short and she has a hard time sitting on most potties.
does the removable potty tray stain yellow after pee?
My son doesn't want to sit, he straddle the potty. Does anyone else have a straddler?
good for a 9 month old, ECer?
Is it good for boys?
full size
Hello everyone. Can anyone please tell me what exactly comes in this set. The description of the product doesn't specifically detail what's included.
What's the difference between the set you have for $46 and this set that Target offers for only $27, just wondering before making my purchase.
Could someone please give me the dimensions of comforter. This is for an Ikea kids bed which is bigger than a toddler bed, but smaller than a twin.
What type of material are the sheets, pillowcase and comforter made of?
How many pieces come with set?
Does this or will this strap work for the double Britax stroller for twins? You can't use two infant car seats in the double stroller which is crazy &amp; not at all convenient for use with multiples. Don't want the tandem style stroller.
Does this adapter work on the Britax B Safe car seat?
Will these adapter straps secure my britax b-safe car seat to a valco snap duo?
Can I use this with Maxi Cosi Mico?
I have a Chicco KeyFit 30 infant seat and a Graco Snap N GO stroller frame. Would this strap work well to secure the infant seat in the frame?
I have a Chicco Cortina Together double stroller and I'm getting a Britax Chaperone car seat. Would this adapter work for that?
Anyone know if this will work with the older (pre-2008) chair?
Is this tray compatible with the Baby Set?
Does anyone know how this tray compares to the one Stokke is now making themselves?
Do you need to have the baby seat for this play tray to fit on the chair?
work with the latest tripp trapp model? i just got it and it can't be right
Does anyone know if an older (pre-2008) play tray works with a newer chair and baby set?
Can you use this tray with the Stokke Handysitt?
Does anyone know the difference between this tray and the $50 one?
If you only use soap and water (and not a household cleaner spray), does the plastic on the tray still peel off over time?
Do you have to use this with the baby set or can you just use it with the tripp trapp chair?
Does this product really take 1-2 months to ship as stated? My daughter will almost be done teething by then!
Does it work with teenagers?
Can I microwave it as to steam sanitize it?
First Time Mother questions: is this a teether toy or actual first toothbrush? I'm looking for a soft baby toothbrush for her first teeth. TY!
At what age do you switch to a "regular" toothbrush? My daughter is 15 months and we still brush with this. Would regular bristles be more effective?
Is the white part long enough to reach back molars? My 18-month-old is cutting her 2-year molars, and most teethers don't reach that far. Thanks!
Does the "3 count" come with 3 independent packing or in a whole packing?
Does 2 counts come in 2 piece packaging? or each count is separate package?
Are silicone bristles enough to get baby's teeth clean? Doc also rec using gauze, which, although less fun, seems like it might clean teeth better.
How do I used it for my 4 month old? Is it okay for him to chew it like a teether?
Can these be used with diaper rash cream (zinc oxide or aquaphor) to keep it off of the cloth diapers?
What are the dimensions?
made from polyester?? I guess the process is fleecing and the material can vary? Does the package say polyester?
These are two-sided: one side is fuzzy, and the other is smooth. Which side should go towards the baby's skin?
Can these be used for cloth pad liners?
What is the washing/care instructions? Any recommendations please because there are no details on the packaging.
do you have to have the insert for a newborn? It seems to be an add on rather than included
My daughter is about 35inches and weighs 19.5 pounds. Would she fit comfortably in one of these?
I'm 4'11" will this work with my height?
Is this authentic?
Is the Ergo Infant Insert included or do you have to buy that separately?
My husband is 6 ft tall and 300 lbs. He wears a 3x tall, very muscular build. Does this carrier fit ok on larger people?
Our doorway is just over 55" wide, about 55 3/8" wide. Will this product work for us?
cat?
It seems some people have installed this at the top of stairs to good effect, but some buyers suggest that this is imprudent. Consensus/thoughts?
Does the gate have to be lined up perfectly straight? I need it to stretch across at an angle.
does this gate make a loud noise when retracting
I want to put this in my kitchen to keep the dog out. How much space is needed to install it? I have 1 3/8 inches between cabinet door and dishwasher.
Can this be mounted on uneven wall opening, like top of wall is 42", bottom is 38"
Does the side the gate retracts into need to be mounted in a wall stud?
Can you operate it with one hand while carrying a baby?
we're looking to install a gate for the bottom of the stairs. One side is the wall and the other side is a metal rod spindle. will this work?
What do you do with the "waste" once the child has gone (if you're not near a restroom to dispose of it)?
My daughter is almost 3-years old, weighs almost 40 lbs, and is 39 inches tall. Would this potty be comfortable for her dimensions?
Does this travel potty use 1 gal ziploc bag?
Is this a good potty for boys?
3 year old
My 5y/o son weights 52# and is tall. Can it handle this weight?
Would this work for a 6 and an 8 year old?
Is it portable enough for walking &amp; using public transit everywhere (like in NYC) while carrying other bags, folding stroller, &amp; taking stairs too?
my nephew has muscular dystrophy. His is 8 now. Can he use it into the teens?
Does this also fit over toilet seats, or is it just for standalone use?
Hi, is this TSA compliant? Meaning can it be taken through airport security without issue when cold?
Will this keep suppository medication cool without melting for a 5-6 hour plane trip. Also, will this fit into a a woman's handbag? Thx!
Apparently unlike insulin, my meds need to be kept refrigerated, and can even be frozen. Will this bag keep meds at refrigerated temps for 8-10 hours?
could you fit containers of baby food in this? TIA!
Do we put the packs in the freezer or refrigerator ?
Could I fit a baby bottle in this?
Hello, How many insulin oens would one pack hold? What temperature will it stay? Thanks
Does a sandwich fit
how long can this keep insulin pens cold?
what are dementions
does it support both F and C degrees?
IT'S ALSO FOR ADULT?
can give readings in degrees celsius?
Will this work for adults?
hello, i'd like to know what kind of batteries uses the Thermometer?
hello, this digital thermometer could read out in degrees Celsius
This product HuaShiHe facilities how to set up the conversion, please
hi , does it included the disposable filter and what type of power used
YOU CAN CHANGE OF DEGREES F A GRADE C?
Hi, can i program the thermomete to be used on Celcius Degrees?
My17 month-old granddaughter is a good-sized baby. Will the seat be roomy enough for her for another year or so? Thanks.
Will it fit up to 3 years or 5?
Does this chair fold?
Is it possible to completely remove the tray? (So that the baby can eat off the kitchen counter like the rest of us)
Does it have multiple tummy to tray positions? ie, is the tray adjustable as far as how close to the baby it snaps into place? Thank you.
Is the seat of the chair smooth and usable without the seat cover on?
I love all the features of this seat but think the cover is gawdy and would like to put a less busy cover on it; do they have replacement pads?
Does this have the same removable strap system as the Rainforest version?
How easy do the straps come out for cleaning?
How does the toy attach to the tray?
I'm confused. Does the two pack option come with two chains or just one additional pack of hooks?
How many toy clips does this chain come with?
what material is the chain made of ?
What size drill bit do I use for hook anchors? It doesn't say on the back of box?
Can you shorten the chain so it doesn't hang so low?
If you want to hang it from a shelving unit, how would you do that? Do the individual chain links come unhooked?
Can it attach to a drop cealing?
Original Ergo or Performance? Does anyone have any thoughts or advice?
Sport or Performance best for hot weather? We live in a very hot climate (India) and I'd love any input on which Ergo carrier is best for the heat?
LargeFrame ok? Any large parents out there with some feedback?
Why does it say Premmie in sizes? I want to buy it from this dealer but not sure because of the size info, Is this ergo the same size as others?
height restrictions for Ergo baby carrier: Will I be able to comfortably carry baby in this carrier or will it hang down too low on my frame?
Is this a genuine Ergo? Any proof?
Ergo weight limit? How come the ergo is strength and durability tested up to 90lb but their recommend only using it to 40lb?
Ergo Baby Carrier - Breastfeeding? Will the Ergo carrier allow me to do this?
Organic? How do I carry my robot baby? Seriously, they just made this for organic babies?
Would this work for a newborn?
This ad doesn't show a size, how do I know it will fit?
Are there sizes? there is no option for me to choose a size on amazon
Since this just has the little hooks in the crotch area, how is it with the postpartum bleeding? and wearing pads??
I am 8 1/2 months pregnant and I've gained a LOT of weight, should I get it for the size I am now or a middle zone between what I used to be?
How does it work for petite people?
Is it a string in the back or a bikini?
How soon after delivery can you wear this? Is there a waiting period, or should I start right away? thanks!
How many nipples come in a package?
I have these and the baby either sucks them flat, or they leak between the bottle and the collar? Is there a fix for this?
Do these come with caps?
i bought these nipples and they do not fit in any of my medela bottles. Do you know what would fit?
DOES THEM GO WITH THE Medela Breastmilk Bottle Set, 8 Ounce?
slow flow
Are these wide-base or narrow-base nipples? The picture looks narrow-base.
Do these fit the wide neck born free bottles?
do these fit the life factory glass bottles?
will this ruin the furniture once we take if off?
Safety 1st sells foam corner bumper guards, Does your product look like Satey's?
Would these fit my dresser that's corner is about 1.5 inches thick?
Would I be able to use these on a glass table top (which is maybe 1/4 or 1/2" thick)?
How do I really fix it. I must be dumb. I have been given the corners and some pieces of 3M adhesive strips. Those strips do not seem to be 2 way.
Does this fit on the corner of a couch so that it doesn't put a small hole in the wall? My couch is angled in a corner.
How many come in a pack?
I took one off today and the adhesive residue was hard to remove. What did you use to remove the residue?
Will these work on a stone fireplace?
We misplaced the 3M adhesive strips that came with the package. Is there something else we can use to put the edge guards on?
does it fit on a glass table?
Is the tray I see in the pictures included with this chair?
Reviews state both: Can anyone tell me real answer of whether or not this will work on my dining room table that has a small lip and center post with four floor extended table ends please?
does it fit on a glass table?
Is the tray I see in the pictures included with this chair?
Reviews state both: Can anyone tell me real answer of whether or not this will work on my dining room table that has a small lip and center post with four floor extended table ends please? I am aware of salt to fresh warer, but am I misunderstanding...
does it fit on a glass table?
Is the tray I see in the pictures included with this chair?
Reviews state both: Can anyone tell me real answer of whether or not this will work on my dining room table that has a small lip and center post with four floor extended table ends please? Is the size 29.5 or 28.5?
does it fit on a glass table?
Is the tray I see in the pictures included with this chair?
Reviews state both: Can anyone tell me real answer of whether or not this will work on my dining room table that has a small lip and center post with four floor extended table ends please? What's the expiration date of this vitamin?
does it work on vizio?
What is the length of the straps? Specs appear to say 10" but that would not be anywhere near long enough to tie a 55" set to furniture it sits on.
How does it secure to the back of the television?
My TV is an older model and NOT flat screen. Will these work?
Will this work for a 70 inch tv
do you just drape it around the child, or is there velcro or something to fasten it closed when using as a bib?
How do these hold up in the wash over time? Is there a lot of pilling?
how absorbent is it?
How many stickers on it, I didn't notice when cleaning, drying and found two stickers &ldquo;move it before wearing&rdquo;&ldquo;Included&rdquo;
How do you keep them clean, we started solids last week, they are staining?
will these fit my 2 month old?
Will these fit on an infant while fastened in a carseat or are they too bulky? We're looking to purchase for 9 month old for private plane use.
What is the difference between the baby banz "noise protection" earmuffs v. "hearing protector" earmuffs?
My son is having a hard time concentrating in school. He is distracted by all of the noises in the classroom. Would these help eliminate some of those sounds?
will this purchase fit a 6 month old?
What is the age of child it fits?
Will they fit my 7 month old who's 14 lbs?
I'm confused. The sizing says 2-12+ yr old, but most reviews mention them fitting infants. I have 6yr, 4yr, and 3yr old boys. Would I be better off purchasing adult size? Thanks
will these work on my 6month old?
any one tried on airplane ride, does it works prevent that altitude pop in theirs baby's ears?
will these fit my 2 month old?
Will these fit on an infant while fastened in a carseat or are they too bulky? We're looking to purchase for 9 month old for private plane use.
What is the difference between the baby banz "noise protection" earmuffs v. "hearing protector" earmuffs?
My son is having a hard time concentrating in school. He is distracted by all of the noises in the classroom. Would these help eliminate some of those sounds?
will this purchase fit a 6 month old?
What is the age of child it fits?
Will they fit my 7 month old who's 14 lbs?
I'm confused. The sizing says 2-12+ yr old, but most reviews mention them fitting infants. I have 6yr, 4yr, and 3yr old boys. Would I be better off purchasing adult size? Thanks
will these work on my 6month old?
any one tried on airplane ride, does it works prevent that altitude pop in theirs baby's ears?
will these fit my 2 month old?
Will these fit on an infant while fastened in a carseat or are they too bulky? We're looking to purchase for 9 month old for private plane use.
What is the difference between the baby banz "noise protection" earmuffs v. "hearing protector" earmuffs?
My son is having a hard time concentrating in school. He is distracted by all of the noises in the classroom. Would these help eliminate some of those sounds?
will this purchase fit a 6 month old?
What is the age of child it fits?
Will they fit my 7 month old who's 14 lbs?
I'm confused. The sizing says 2-12+ yr old, but most reviews mention them fitting infants. I have 6yr, 4yr, and 3yr old boys. Would I be better off purchasing adult size? Thanks
will these work on my 6month old?
any one tried on airplane ride, does it works prevent that altitude pop in theirs baby's ears?
will these fit my 2 month old?
Will these fit on an infant while fastened in a carseat or are they too bulky? We're looking to purchase for 9 month old for private plane use.
What is the difference between the baby banz "noise protection" earmuffs v. "hearing protector" earmuffs?
My son is having a hard time concentrating in school. He is distracted by all of the noises in the classroom. Would these help eliminate some of those sounds?
will this purchase fit a 6 month old?
What is the age of child it fits?
Will they fit my 7 month old who's 14 lbs?
I'm confused. The sizing says 2-12+ yr old, but most reviews mention them fitting infants. I have 6yr, 4yr, and 3yr old boys. Would I be better off purchasing adult size? Thanks
will these work on my 6month old?
any one tried on airplane ride, does it works prevent that altitude pop in theirs baby's ears?
How can we purchase just the base? we have this car seat already, but the base is broken.
What is the manufacture year?
Does this fit the Peg Perego Skate stroller system or do I need adapters?
This listing says the item is 22 lbs. However I looked up this model in other websites and they say 11 lbs. Why is that?
Hi, this includes the car base? thanks
Good afternoon. In Stroller Peg Perego Aria Twin, can be placed two (2) Car Seat Primo Viaggio or can be placed only one (1)?
What's the retail box dimensions?
Is this suitable for twins?
Does the leg rest extend up and down to support little legs during naps? Wondering if my babies legs will have to dangle during naps?
Does the smallest side recline enough to put a 4 month old in for a short distance? I just need to get through the airport my 2 little ones.
Is there enough room for a toddler when there is an infant car seat on the 60 side?
How far do the canopies extend?
is the handle height adjustable?
Will a Graco Snug ride car seat fit on one side? Is there a car seat adaptor for it to this Peg-Perego stroller?
Is it ltaly made? and what kind of accecery do you have?
How can we purchase just the base? we have this car seat already, but the base is broken.
What is the manufacture year?
Does this fit the Peg Perego Skate stroller system or do I need adapters?
This listing says the item is 22 lbs. However I looked up this model in other websites and they say 11 lbs. Why is that?
Hi, this includes the car base? thanks
How can we purchase just the base? we have this car seat already, but the base is broken.
What is the manufacture year?
Does this fit the Peg Perego Skate stroller system or do I need adapters?
This listing says the item is 22 lbs. However I looked up this model in other websites and they say 11 lbs. Why is that?
Hi, this includes the car base? thanks
How can we purchase just the base? we have this car seat already, but the base is broken.
What is the manufacture year?
Does this fit the Peg Perego Skate stroller system or do I need adapters?
This listing says the item is 22 lbs. However I looked up this model in other websites and they say 11 lbs. Why is that?
Hi, this includes the car base? thanks
how far from the wall can the straps go? we have an alcove that is pretty deep but the tv is at the front - maybe 2.5 to 3ft deep
Can this be used for computer monitors? Of not anyone know one that can?
Will this work with a 48" Insignia TV?
Will this work with a Samsung 50inch LED flat screen TV?
Can this be used to hold a bookshelf or other furniture to a wall? This is the closest I can find.
Is it problematic that the piece attached to the wall or furniture has an opening? Do you worry they'll slip out even if tight?
For a Sharp Aquos 70 in,99.2 lbs, on top of an appropriate sized TV stand, will these straps work? Wall or furniture mount suggested for kid safety?
does it come with screws ?
Will this work if my tv itself doesn't have a base? I lost it while I was moving &amp; I want my tv to stand up straight.
Don't these straps prevent the TV from rotating on its stand?
Where are the screw holes that are a distraction. Some customers comment on how these are unsightly.
Do you have to put the wheels on?
What does the 3 in 1 convertible crib mean if the side does not drop?? as compared to the other Jenny Lind cribs? Fixed sided crib?
My bed skirt is not fitting the crib correctly because of the metal hardware holding the base - is anyone else having this issue?
Do I need to buy a bumper with this?
What size mattress do you need for this crib?
Can you remove both long sides of the crib and just have the two ends on? I haven't seen any photos where it is used like that.
Can I get this crib in a natural color?
What is the distance from the floor to the top of the front guard rail (without casters?) I'd expect ~33"-35"...
What is the height at the top of the mattress at the highest setting? Then, how many inches to the top of the crib railing?
Where are the screw holes that are a distraction. Some customers comment on how these are unsightly.
Do you have to put the wheels on?
What does the 3 in 1 convertible crib mean if the side does not drop?? as compared to the other Jenny Lind cribs? Fixed sided crib?
My bed skirt is not fitting the crib correctly because of the metal hardware holding the base - is anyone else having this issue?
Do I need to buy a bumper with this?
What size mattress do you need for this crib?
Can you remove both long sides of the crib and just have the two ends on? I haven't seen any photos where it is used like that.
Can I get this crib in a natural color?
What is the distance from the floor to the top of the front guard rail (without casters?) I'd expect ~33"-35"...
What is the height at the top of the mattress at the highest setting? Then, how many inches to the top of the crib railing?
I am learning about cloth diapers. So what do i need for a single cloth diaper? A cloth diaper, an absorbent insert and then these Liner?
Would these help with absorbencey/leaks? Instead of having to double-up on the cloth inserts?
Can you use these inserts with most of the cloth diaper brands?
What type of cloth diapers can these be used on? All in One, Hybrid, All in two or does it not matter?
I have Flip diaper covers (not pocket diapers) and prefolds. Do I really need this product to help contain/absorb the poop? I'm not afraid of poop.
Is there a list of ingredients or are there any manufacturing processes I should be concerned about?
Would these protect cloth diapers from desitin
What are these made out of? I'm trying to avoid poly materials and just found out the ones I have are made with a type of poly and are gave him a rash
Do these contain meconium for newborns?
I'd like to use these with my GroVia Hybrids. Will Bumpkins liners move around without proper adhesive? Grovia's have no pockets.
Hello! Bottle size and nipple level please?
Does it comes in the original box? I want to buy it for a gift
Are there 5 bottles in this set? The image shows 2 bottles of smaller size and 3 bottles of bigger size. Please give bottle count and sizes for each.
Britax seats in Prius? Any recommendations, Brtiax or otherwise?
Britax convertible- best for chubby baby boy? Any recommendations?
roundabout for Newborns? I am wondering about buying a convertible for our newborn. what are other experiences of folks who might have done that?
Does this seat work on an airplane?
Britax Convertible seats and cup holders? If not, does anyone know if there is a compatible accessory for Britax?
velcro? Does anyone know what this is for?
Does this seat make babies hot?
Britax car seat indent damage: Has anyone had a problem of this car seat ripping the cloth?
Britax Roundabout use with Maclaren Frame: Does anyone know if the Britaz Roundabout comes out of its base and can be popped onto the Maclaren Frame?
Expired 2002 Britax Roundabout: I feel like if anything was to ever happen to our child in a crash, I couldnt live with myself for using the old seat, but is it really as dangerous as my first time mother's imagination is making it seem?
Why does it hang so low? Can I make it higher?
can it attach to wall
Does this work with the Graco Lauren convertible crib?
Iwant to use it with a pack and play, do you think it will work?
Is the tinting an even, solid tinting or is it the little dots all over it? I am trying to find the even, solid ones.
how do you get it off? I am renting a car and need to make sure i can get it off after our trip
Can these be cut to fit a side window?
Do these offer UV protection?
how long are they. how easy is it to put on and why can't you roll the window down with the cling shade on?
Is visibility good enough with these to use them on the driver's window? My new vehicle's windows are not tinted and the sun is very intense in the front seats.
Can these be cut to fit the rear windows on a 2007 Civic Coupe?
Will this product work on tinted widows (will it mess up the tinting)? My windows were tinted after-market, but professionally installed.
Can you put back car windows up and down with this on them?
What is this product made of? Is it PVC?
How can we purchase just the base? we have this car seat already, but the base is broken.
What is the manufacture year?
Does this fit the Peg Perego Skate stroller system or do I need adapters?
This listing says the item is 22 lbs. However I looked up this model in other websites and they say 11 lbs. Why is that?
Hi, this includes the car base? thanks
Is there a bottom to it?
Is the bottom of this tub slippery? I'm debating between this one and the Safety 1st inflatable tub.
What material is it made out of?
I need something for grandmas house, my 2.5 year old has a ring seat at home and loves it, he feels secure. he is BIG and 33 lbs will this work??
can the water be continuously draining during a bath?
What are the inside dimensions? It sounds like it might be bigger than others - I'm debating what to get for my 5 month old - he outgrew infant tub.
Does this tub have a saddle horn inside to keep baby from slipping forward?
Is there a drain plug to empty water?
How easy/difficult is this to inflate?
Does anyone have experience with using this as a travel pool for a 1 year old? We are going on a cruise and want our lo to be able to use it poolside.
is this okay for a 10 month old baby
Do this come with a fitted sheet? If not where can I purchase them?
Can the bassinet bumper be removed? Bumpers are a suffocation risk.
How big of a baby would be comfortable sleeping in this? We're looking for a bed for the RV but don't want our baby to grow out of it too fast.
Will mini co-sleeper canopy fit this travel crib? I'm wondering if anyone has tried this canopy or found one that fits the travel crib?
sheet for "betsey" graco travel lite crib w/bassinet: is sheet shown in picture included with graco travel lite crib w/bassinet?
a REAL full size playpen/play yard: Does any one know if they still make these??
is this okay for a 10 month old baby
Do this come with a fitted sheet? If not where can I purchase them?
Can the bassinet bumper be removed? Bumpers are a suffocation risk.
How big of a baby would be comfortable sleeping in this? We're looking for a bed for the RV but don't want our baby to grow out of it too fast.
Will mini co-sleeper canopy fit this travel crib? I'm wondering if anyone has tried this canopy or found one that fits the travel crib?
sheet for "betsey" graco travel lite crib w/bassinet: is sheet shown in picture included with graco travel lite crib w/bassinet?
a REAL full size playpen/play yard: Does any one know if they still make these??
Hello, I have a 16 month old. I was looking for something safe for him while I worked with my horses. He is average size. I was wondering if this might work for him to play in -- I would set it up in a spare stall with toys. Is he too old for it??? I...
I noticed on some play yards that the mat doesn't snap in to stay in place. How does this mat stay in place? Thanks for the info.
Is it suitable for crawlers...or would I need something larger?
What is the weight limit/capacity.Age isn't really helping.Not all children weigh the same at same age.
Can you use this playpen for overnight sleeping? Will this one do the trick?
is there any weight and height limit how high is it from bottom of pen to top and is there a weight limit or age limit for baby?
Hi! Would this be safe as a temporary crib for an infant for a few months? Looks like the ideal one for infant to tall-toddler transition! Thnx!
How exactly do you put this together? I mean the basic playpen, not the pad.
are the dimensions 10 feet 5 inches by 10 feet 5 inches and 37 inches high?
Is there anywhere I can buy a 38" x 38" foam mattress to put in this product?
how tall is this from base to top of arm rest?
How wide is the base of the seat at the back? I need it to be less than 13" to fit my chairs.
I see that the seat measures 6 inches tall in the front, but do the child's legs fit within that 6 inches, or do the legs go above the top?
Can you remove the straps for cleaning?
how tall is this from the seat to the chair?
Is the 3 point harness easily removable for cleaning?
what would be the minimum age for a child to sit in this seat?
Can you use on a padded chair?
Can this be used with an upholstered seat cushion
The description says it can't be used on a padded chair. Our kitchen chairs have light padding built in - why wouldn't this seat work?
Are there any universal stroller frames that this seat "snaps" into (i.e. more than just being held on by the strap on the stroller)?
How much does the seat weight with out the base?
Can the shade rotate from back to front?
I can't find this answer anywhere. What double strollers will be compatible with this carseat?
What jogging strollers can this car seat be used with?
Included base?? if we buy infant car seat, is it included base also??
Are there any universal stroller frames that this seat "snaps" into (i.e. more than just being held on by the strap on the stroller)?
How much does the seat weight with out the base?
Can the shade rotate from back to front?
I can't find this answer anywhere. What double strollers will be compatible with this carseat?
What jogging strollers can this car seat be used with?
Included base?? if we buy infant car seat, is it included base also??
Is Ergobaby and ERGObaby the same company, and what's the difference between teething pads and sucking pads?
Can these be used as car seat strap covers too?
Do these fit around the Beco Gemini straps?
Has anybody actually used these with there carseats? Do they fit or are they too small?
Does this bag include grips stroller attachments, coordinating changing pad, and wallet?
Is the shoulder strap long enough to wear cross-body? Does anyone know the maximum length?
Is this bag easy to clean?
Oh oh I put it in the freezer--wasn't thinking --it says not to freeze so is it ruined ?
May I know if this is lead free? Thanks!
I am worried about the stainless steel disc coming loose and becoming a chocking hazard. Is that a concern?
Why is the recommended for 3+ when babies are teething around 6 mths-2yrs?
Where is this made?
Will this fit a Britax Advocate?
Does this work on booster seats?
does this fit the britax roundabout?
Does it fit Cosco Scenera?
Does this fit the Chicco NextFit car seat?
Does it fit the Britax Marathon car seat?
does this fit a newborn/infant rear facing car seat the car seat u need when u bring them home from the hospital?
Does this fit an Evenflo car seat? We have a pink and brown one for our daughter, and thought about covering it with this for our son? Will this work?
Can you put this on a car seat as the only car seat cover or does it need to have the original car seat cover underneath it?
does it fit the graco nautilus 3 in 1 car seats?
does the cover have any padding on it or is it just a cover
does it fit the 3 n 1 graco car seat
does it fit the combi prim long 0-7 car seat ?
Does this fit evenflo cars seats?
Does this fits all car seats?
Hi i was wondering if this is just the dora cover or the actually carseat?
Does the Dora Car Seat Cover fit Evenflo Car Seats?
What is the material? polyester, cotton or plastic?
Is this base compatible with the Safety1st&reg; Disney&reg; Saunter Luxe Alice in Wonderland Travel System?
I want to order this however which base is it? is it the first picture that's the deluxe or is it the second picture?
will this base work for the truly scrumptious carseat? I cannot find a base specifically for that brand
Two different bases pictured. Which one is being sold? Is it the first, which appears to have lavender dots on the side, or the other?
Does this work with the Eddie Bauer Trailmaker system?
Does this base fit the Eddie Bauer Orgin Travel System? I'm not sure which one to get.
what is the expiration date on them? Our state requires the date
Does this base also work with the on Board 35 Air infant car seat?
do you need the base if you just have the car seat?
Does this case fit the Safety first onboard 35 air car seat sku# 22395ADU?
Will this fit eddie Bauer quadtrek carseat?
Is this car seat base compatible with the eddie bauer origin travel system?
We received this car seat and base as a gift, but the one pictures does not look like the base we have. Is this the premium?
what date are they good to?
does it fit britax b safe infant carseat?
is it compatible with the maxi cosi micro infant car seat?
Is it compatible with a britax chaperone infant carseat?
Eddie Bauer carseat with Baby Trend stroller: Does anyone know if the baby trend snap n go stroller hold the eddie bauer carseat?
how well does this seat fit rear facing in a small car (we have a suziki forenza) the seat may not be able to fit in the center due to another child?
Does this Safety 1st Air Protect fit on the Gogo Kidz Travelmate?
does it convert to a booster seat
Does this work with a Graco Snugride 35?
Does this work with a Chicco Key Fit 30?
Can the canopy be taken on and off?
Can the seat go flat in to a lying position?
could you add a back to this if you needed to?
does this fit the classic phil and teds model as well or only the dash?
Hello, Are the attachment brackets included together with the sleeper? Will I be able to attach the bassinet to my old sport stroller model? Thanks
does this fit the Navigator or s4?
Please I need more information about this product including details about the material and if it has zipper
Does this fit the Vibe? I think my Vibe is a 2009.
Does this come with sun hood?
If you bought the white version of this, was it a full crib sheet size (28x52)? Some reviews say it was smaller.
Is this stiffer like a lap pad or like a piece of cloth? Can a 3 mo old sleep straight on it (on his belly) or would it slide and bunch under him?
Can these be cut to fit on top a mini crib mattress?
Is there only 1 crib pad in the package?
Are there frogs on both sides of the crib pad or is one side white?
is it waterproof
Anyone tried this on a baby trend pack n play? Thanks!
pack n play bassinet
I do daycare and the rules have changed. I am wondering if the sheet has elastic on the corners to make it fit the mattress?
what pack n play does it fit
Is this sheet waterproof or water resistant since it has olefin on the back?
Does anyone know if this sheet is 27 by 39? Im looking for a sheet for my travel pack n play (Graco) Thanks!
What are the actual dimensions of the product, not the package?
Under the name and initial information listed it is "water resistant"... however later says "100%waterproof" product description - which is true?
is it fitted?
It says "water resistant". So it's not water proof? Did any body try a cup water before laundry?
Can it be bleached?
some reviews say that the white crib pad is actually a fitted sheet, whereas the green frog print one is a flat sheet.. is it true?
What kind of plastic is in it? Also, is it treated with fire retardant chemicals?
Is this rubber, topped with flannel like lap pads? I am trying to find a large lap pad for the crib.
What are the actual dimensions of the product, not the package?
Under the name and initial information listed it is "water resistant"... however later says "100%waterproof" product description - which is true?
is it fitted?
It says "water resistant". So it's not water proof? Did any body try a cup water before laundry?
Can it be bleached?
some reviews say that the white crib pad is actually a fitted sheet, whereas the green frog print one is a flat sheet.. is it true?
What kind of plastic is in it? Also, is it treated with fire retardant chemicals?
Is this rubber, topped with flannel like lap pads? I am trying to find a large lap pad for the crib.
For use as a diaper wipe solution (or in our case, just to spray on individual cloth wipes), why do you need to use distilled water?
Can anyone provide directions for using this concentrated solution including exact amount of solution, distilled water, and witch hazel?
What are the directions to make solution to add to cloth wipe warmer?
does this product eliminate the need for diaper cream?
Can you tell me what the actual dimensions are on this product? The dimensions given in the product description and product information are different
What is this made of? 100% cotton is what is listed, but that cannot also be 100% waterproof. Does the packaging tell you more?
What is the thickness of the pad?
Will it work fine with an oval bassinet mattress?
Is it okay to use bleach to wash the white bassinet pad?
How many pads come in the package?
Does this fit the Uppa baby bassinet?
Will it fit a regular graco pack n play mattress?
Do you have these sheets that fit the 3" mattress for the Graco pack and play?
What fabric is this made of?
What are the dimensions of the sheet? Will it fit the Graco Twin Pack N Play? Someone on BabiesRUs said they used this sheet on their Twin PnP...
Does this sheet fit the Dream on Me 3x26x38 inch mattress? That mattress is slightly bigger than the regular 24 inch one.
Does it fit S1 Safety 1st Satellite Premier Play Pen-Kensington 51 x 28.5 x 34.5
where can i buy replacement straws for this 10oz bottle?
How many caps do the bottle have
Is there a handle on the top of the lid like on the Thermos Funtainers?
How old does baby have to be to start using this?
This item ships to XI'AN, China?Why pay when the display can not be shipped to China&iuml;&frac14;&#159;&iuml;&frac14;&#159;
Does it dent easily?
Is the outside plastic (in particular on the bottom) rubberized (no-slip) or smooth plastic? I need it to slide in the outside pouch of a backpack.
Does it have only Steel and Silicone or some Plastic/other components as well?
I'm looking for a non-plastic cup that my kids can drink a thin smoothie from on the way to daycare. Will this work?
Is the straw made out of silicone or just plastic?
Will these work for short nipples? Other cups on the market have a problem with short nipples not reaching the collection part of the cup.
How do you clean and sterilize these?
where are these manufactured?
can you use them while you are sleeping? will it catch the milk?
How similar is this to Milkies Milk Saver? (does it collect the milk for future use)
How much leaked milk can you collect with these?
what is the child weight limit?
Will this securely carry an AG bitty baby or AG girl?
Does the Galaxy Gray (darker gray) have a chest strap?
Hi, my daughter is 2 and almost 3 feet. Will this fit her? We have a shoddy Graco carrier that doesn't work and thought she would like this one.
Does this really take 1-2 months to ship? I show that it will ship via Prime and do not want to wait 1-2 months for it to ship!
Is there a shipping estimate? Says 2-3 months but wondering how accurate that is. Thanks!
Will this doll carrier fit a 12 inch Corolle baby doll
There seems to be two versions in grey, the lighter one has a chest strap and the other doesn't. anyone bought the lighter one to confirm?
Does this carrier have a chest strap?
Can this seat be used in vehicles that only have lap belts?
Is the base width really 17 inches? Trying to fit 3 across in a 52 inch space, so each seat needs to be 17.25 inches or smaller.
comfort
Can a cup holder be attached to this?
can i set this up in my 2001 vw golf beside an infant car seat?
What is the height from the seat to the top set of slots for the harness straps?
How does it work on airplanes?
What is the weight/height minimum recommended for this seat?
Does this car seat fit in the back seat of a small car like the Audi TT?
Are children able to buckle/unbuckle the harness themselves?
Can this seat be used in vehicles that only have lap belts?
Is the base width really 17 inches? Trying to fit 3 across in a 52 inch space, so each seat needs to be 17.25 inches or smaller.
comfort
Can a cup holder be attached to this?
can i set this up in my 2001 vw golf beside an infant car seat?
What is the height from the seat to the top set of slots for the harness straps?
How does it work on airplanes?
What is the weight/height minimum recommended for this seat?
Does this car seat fit in the back seat of a small car like the Audi TT?
Are children able to buckle/unbuckle the harness themselves?
Can this seat be used in vehicles that only have lap belts?
Is the base width really 17 inches? Trying to fit 3 across in a 52 inch space, so each seat needs to be 17.25 inches or smaller.
comfort
Can a cup holder be attached to this?
can i set this up in my 2001 vw golf beside an infant car seat?
What is the height from the seat to the top set of slots for the harness straps?
How does it work on airplanes?
What is the weight/height minimum recommended for this seat?
Does this car seat fit in the back seat of a small car like the Audi TT?
Are children able to buckle/unbuckle the harness themselves?
What's the size of these blanket?
Are these blankets wrap in a box? what are they different from classic type?
I have a similar "cheesecloth" blanket that I want to buy more of. It does not have any tags / markings. Do these blankets have any tags on them?
Is it cool enough for a baby born in July?
I am due in April am looking for a Breathable Blanket that I can use to cover my Newborn from the FL. sun while I watch my 3 older Sons Baseball games
Silly ?, but the other A&amp;A blankets I ordered have "creases". I have a set without and my son is attached. Do these have a "wrinkle" to them?
Is this one thinner than other Aden + Anais 47" x 47" ones? Or it's just smaller?
What animals are on the blankets?
I have a winter baby, due in November. Still not sure if these swaddling blanket will be good enough for my baby to sleep at night in the crib. Help?
Is this blanket size smaller than classic one?
What are the nipple size for these bottles?
Which number the nipple is? 1 or 2? Thanks!
nipple size
What color did yhou recieve?
what size nipple comes with this bottle? size 1 or 2?
Can these be pumped into directly (say, from a Medela) or is some kind of adapter needed?
Can you put more than 6 ounces in them and freeze them without them bursting, leaking?
has anyone used these as bottle liners ? like a drop in for Playtex ?
are these biodegradable or recyclable ?
Is there anybody feel that the NUK bags are smelly of plastic?
Are these bags BPA-free?
I pumped into medela bottles, less than one ounce and when I poured the milk into the NUK bag, it shows as nearly two ounces! Why is it different??
Where is this made? In the USA?
Hi, just wondering, can these bags be reused or are they one time use only?
Did anybody else have difficulty writing on these bags? Ballpoint/felt pen - both wash out since you're writing on plastic
Does this bag include the stroller clips, wipes case and changing pad?
Does the seller carry this exact same bag in the other colors?
Is this the Heathered Olive color? I don't think Scouts website advertises an olive green color. And does it come fully loaded?
is material water resistant? For example. If I go on a water ride, and it gets wet, will contents be dry until outside can be wiped?
Are there insulated pockets for bottles for baby or water bottles for mom?
Would this hold 2-3 cloth diapers?
Is there any place you can buy the baking powder dispenser if you accidentally lost it?
Does it work with Depends?
How do you refill the baking soda in the cartridge or is there a replacement for the cartridge?
Has any1else had problem of pail making loud noise every time u close lid?Sounds like it's breaking,but it isn't.Very odd.Appreciate any&amp;all feedback!
Anybody facing issues with bad odor? i've changed the baking soda but i still face strong bad odor whenever we open it!
How many refill bags should be with this product?
Must you use the refill bags that are specifically made for thisor can you use regular garbage bags?
I recently refilled the cartridge with the right amount of A&amp;H baking soda. Now the diaper smell is HORRIBLE. What do I do??
was it easy to get the refill bags
Could this be used with scoop kitty litter?
How many Covers and Prefolds come in this kit?
I'm looking for a diaper system that would be good for traveling or summer camping. Would this system work?
Are the covers in these kits all white?
What is the country of origin? Where are these made?
How big is the wet bag?
What size would I start out with for a nine month old, who is pretty skinny?
Full kit = 3 covers/12 prefolds for $48. Trial pack = 1 cover/3 prefolds for $12. Why would anyone buy the kit? Am I missing something?
Does the two pack come in two individual packages?
I need to know where Sophie the Giraffe is manufactured. I hear some times they come from China v.s. France. How do I know where it comes from?
Is there any difference between this teether and the one sold individually for $20. It looks as though the dimensions may be different.
There is a recent review that says these are not authentic and are fakes. How can we know if this is or isn't the real deal?
Two packages/boxes? Can anyone tell me if their purchase came in one or two packages?
Is this two separate packages or two in the same package?
I just received my order. There is a smell. like an old rubber glove. Did anyone notice it? Also, the squeaky sound needs a hard press.
Can you remove the cloth seating to wash it? Or is it permanently on?
What are the dimensions of the box with this product?
does it swing in two directions
How well does this work on carpets?
Does the seat only allow the child to walk sideways (side stepping) or with forward steps around the center unit?
the rubber at the bottom keeps coming off. anyone else had that problem ? what can I do to keep them in place ?
How tall does infant have to be to use this or for their feet to touch the ground?
Does anyone know why this toy was discontinued?
does anyone notice that the sound of their piano sounds warped? old even?
I just got one of these as a gift &amp; the seat does not want to roll around the center piece (like it's stuck?).... how do I fix this?
Is there a way to adjust the height for when baby gets taller?
What types of batterie does this need?
hi myfriend please i need this item to PERU, You can send it to my country?
Can you remove the cloth seating to wash it? Or is it permanently on?
What are the dimensions of the box with this product?
does it swing in two directions
Does it fit quinny buzz stroller?
To be clear, this is only for Bugaboo strollers?
My son will be 2 months shy of 3 when our next is born- don't need a double. how long have you guys used this? can he still use it when he's 5?
Was your child comfortable using this and how long were they able to stand without getting tired? Also, is there enough room in the foot area?
If i place the order today, when will i get the item?
Why was this discontinued?
Is there a minimum height required for the product? My toddler is 16 months old, approximately 32-33 inches tall, will he be able to use it?
Does this wheel board attach to the bob stroller or city select?
Does this wheel board attach to the bob stroller or city select?
Is this compatible with the Phil and Ted explorer?
How many diapers does this hold? And what receptacle and size receptacle is good/recommended?
Can anyone post the link to the trash can or diaper pail they used with this liner? Thanks!
Which side goes out? Should the waxy side go inside (next to the diapers) or toward the outside?
I see that a lot of the negative reviews mention they should be washed in cold water -do they hold up in hot water?
I'm going to use a trash can as my diaper pail, what size pail would this fit best?
How does this close? I don't see a string. Thanks
Do you know if this pail bag would work with the Busch Systems Odorless Cloth Diaper Pail? I'm considering getting the 7-gallon pail
Has anyone ever used this in a diaper genie?
If I get a dark color like the chocolate brown will the color bleed on to the cloth diapers in the wash?
What kind of fabric is this made out of?
con you get letterhead on paper like REP
HOW MANY SHEETS IN ONE PACKAGE?
How many sheets are included and why don't you include that in the info for goodness sakes?
how many are in a package?
sorry, can someone clarify, does this come with slow flow nipple?
do these fit evenflo bottles? I know the evenflo bottles I have can fit onto my Medela pump, so I would assume so
Does the lid fit Enfamil Standard Flow Soft Nipple? I need something to cover the nipple when I take bottles to daycare.
Is this kit compatible with the medela collection and storage bottle set?
Hi I have Medela bottle that come with Medela pump-in-style advanced breast pump. Will these parts rings, cover fit them?
what comes in this spare parts bag. 2 of everything in the picture.
I just want to be sure, are the nipples included slow flow or medium flow?
We don't have a dryer. How important is it to dry these diapers in the dryer to fluff them up in the beginning?
Does OsoCozy sell adult size diapers? Link?
I know this sounds odd but are these more yellow like the picture or more like a cream/ivory? Sawpics of a more off-white ivory which is what I want.
Can these be used on a 16 months old? I mean are they big enough to be used on them?
Hi, I am new to using Flats. How do I prep the flats for the first time? And how do I wash and dry them subsequently?
what are the dimensions of these?
Do these have serged edges or folded over seams?
What are the dimensions on these?
Does anyone know if this tray would work with a Britax frontier or pinnacle car seat?
Will this fit with a Chicco Nextfit car seat?
Will the tray work on any Britax? Will it work on the Britax boulevard? Is it just the Frontier or Pinnacle that won't work.
Will this with with a Britax Pavilion car seat?
Will this tray work on a kids wheelchair?
Does it wor with Recaro Performance Sport Combination harness to booster?
I have a Graco harnessed booster seat. Will this product fit it ?
Will this fit on an airplane? (we have a Britax Pavillion)
Does anyone know if this works with the Britax Marthon G70?
Does this work with a Britax Roundabout Car seat? Also how well does the holder work for crayons? I need something in the car for coloring...
Can you place it a little to the side so that you are not so offset while running?
Would this work as a lawn mower handle extension with 1" tubed handle? Can the handle be installed so it tilts further upward than the pic shows?
I am 6'2" and short in the arms, I want to use this on my jogger stroller. Does it really adds that much height to the handle?
Can you jog with this on??
a citi mini. because i'm adding to my carriage a buggy board for a toddler to stand and i bump into the board. will this help?
can I use this as a carriage handle bar extension
a citi mini. because i'm adding to my carriage a buggy board for a toddler to stand and i bump into the board. will this help?
Tangerine Contour - True color? Is this stroller grey or tan with the tangerine accent?
Does the handle feel a little loose to you too? Is this a problem with just my stroller or is that just the way it is?
Chicco: Does anyone if this double stroller fits a Chicco carseat?
Infant seat fit? Does anyone know if this infant seat will fit correctly in the Contour Tandem stroller?
Twins: Any suggestions?
Another Toddler Question...Please Clarify: Has anyone else experienced this with an older/taller toddler?
will my toddler fit? Just wondering if my son (35lbs) will fit and be able to be buckled in...he's always been kinda chubby from birth and im having a new baby soon...he's 18 months old and like i said about 35lbs now...So would he fit in the front...
contour tandem stroller: Anyone know if the Contour Tandem Stroller with attachments fits Chicco car seats?
How many months can babies use this for.?
Does this fold?
How big is the box this arrives in? Would you say average, or huge?
does it rotate 360??
What is the difference between this and a jumperoo? Thank you
Can it be used with water? It seems to have little drain holes. I was thinking outside summer toy to use with water.
I was given one of these exersaucers but a few toy parts are missing. Where can I get extra toys to insert?
Does this bounce good?
Ware can I get missing parts
Is the plastic on this safe for children to put in their mouth?
Okay, I may just be dim, but I can't figure out how to change the picture in the frame on top. It appears to be glued on all sides. Can someone help?
How big is the top compartment for a baby book? Is it the full 12.375" x 10.25" of the box itself? And how deep is it? We already have a baby book that measures 10" across by 9.25" tall, and is 0.75" thick. The book doesn't come with a keepsake box,...
Will the top compartment hold the loose-leaf memory book?
Does this stroller recline back at all?
can I get a replacement wheel? One was damaged during airport travel
what is the difference between the jet stroller and the indigo?
Is the cup holder caddy removable?
At what age can a baby start using this stroller? Did you use an infant insert with it?
Will it hold a large toddler comfortably Around 3ft tall and 35lbs? Don't want him cramped like in the Umbrella &amp; feet rubbing the wheels or ground.
Connecting 2 Ignite strollers: Hi - Does anyone have experience connecting 2 Ignite strollers side by side using something like the Munchkin link?
Is there a difference in the height of the handles (for taller parents) in the Ignite and the Jet? I'm 6'3 &amp; need a tall stroller???
Jet vs ignite??? Has anyone had problems with the wheels being wobbly in the front with the ignite as several people have commented on with the Jet stroller?
What is the minimum age/ or minimum weight of an infant for this stroller?
Could it fit a 3 year old child? or is it basically for smaller kids? (she does not exceed the weight limit)
What is the best rain cover for the Ignite Stroller? One question: what is a good rain cover to buy for this stroller?
What are the dimensions when folded? Wondering if it can fit in a large suitcase?
Does this stroller recline far enough for comfortable sleeping for a 27 lb two yr old?
Is this light enough for me to carry on and off a bus or subway? For NYC travel. Thanks!
Does the fabric of the seat breathe well? Will this be too hot to use outdoors in a humid summer?
At what height would you say a child is too tall for this stroller. I have a 4yr old that's about 40" tall? Do you think he'd be comfortable?
How do you clean the fabric?
can a 4 month baby use this stroller?
Does this fold up small like an umbrella stroller? I want to take it on a plane.
Hello I'd lost the sunshade, how can I buy a new one?
Hi, what's the difference between this and the jet and the ignite?
What is the dimension and weight of the whole pakage?
WHAT IS THE SUGGESTED AGE RANGE?
Does this stroller recline about 4 to 5inches
Will it hold a large toddler comfortably Around 3ft tall and 35lbs? Don't want him cramped like in the Umbrella &amp; feet rubbing the wheels or ground.
Connecting 2 Ignite strollers: Hi - Does anyone have experience connecting 2 Ignite strollers side by side using something like the Munchkin link?
Is there a difference in the height of the handles (for taller parents) in the Ignite and the Jet? I'm 6'3 &amp; need a tall stroller???
Jet vs ignite??? Has anyone had problems with the wheels being wobbly in the front with the ignite as several people have commented on with the Jet stroller?
What is the minimum age/ or minimum weight of an infant for this stroller?
Could it fit a 3 year old child? or is it basically for smaller kids? (she does not exceed the weight limit)
What is the best rain cover for the Ignite Stroller? One question: what is a good rain cover to buy for this stroller?
What are the dimensions when folded? Wondering if it can fit in a large suitcase?
Does this stroller recline far enough for comfortable sleeping for a 27 lb two yr old?
Is this light enough for me to carry on and off a bus or subway? For NYC travel. Thanks!
Does the fabric of the seat breathe well? Will this be too hot to use outdoors in a humid summer?
At what height would you say a child is too tall for this stroller. I have a 4yr old that's about 40" tall? Do you think he'd be comfortable?
How do you clean the fabric?
can a 4 month baby use this stroller?
Does this fold up small like an umbrella stroller? I want to take it on a plane.
Hello I'd lost the sunshade, how can I buy a new one?
Hi, what's the difference between this and the jet and the ignite?
What is the dimension and weight of the whole pakage?
WHAT IS THE SUGGESTED AGE RANGE?
Does this stroller recline about 4 to 5inches
Does the fabric of the seat breathe well? Will this be too hot to use outdoors in a humid summer?
At what height would you say a child is too tall for this stroller. I have a 4yr old that's about 40" tall? Do you think he'd be comfortable?
How do you clean the fabric?
can a 4 month baby use this stroller?
Does this fold up small like an umbrella stroller? I want to take it on a plane.
Hello I'd lost the sunshade, how can I buy a new one?
Hi, what's the difference between this and the jet and the ignite?
What is the dimension and weight of the whole pakage?
WHAT IS THE SUGGESTED AGE RANGE?
Does this stroller recline about 4 to 5inches
Does the fabric of the seat breathe well? Will this be too hot to use outdoors in a humid summer?
At what height would you say a child is too tall for this stroller. I have a 4yr old that's about 40" tall? Do you think he'd be comfortable?
How do you clean the fabric?
can a 4 month baby use this stroller?
Does this fold up small like an umbrella stroller? I want to take it on a plane.
Hello I'd lost the sunshade, how can I buy a new one?
Hi, what's the difference between this and the jet and the ignite?
What is the dimension and weight of the whole pakage?
WHAT IS THE SUGGESTED AGE RANGE?
Does this stroller recline about 4 to 5inches
Does the fabric of the seat breathe well? Will this be too hot to use outdoors in a humid summer?
At what height would you say a child is too tall for this stroller. I have a 4yr old that's about 40" tall? Do you think he'd be comfortable?
How do you clean the fabric?
can a 4 month baby use this stroller?
Does this fold up small like an umbrella stroller? I want to take it on a plane.
Hello I'd lost the sunshade, how can I buy a new one?
Hi, what's the difference between this and the jet and the ignite?
What is the dimension and weight of the whole pakage?
WHAT IS THE SUGGESTED AGE RANGE?
Does this stroller recline about 4 to 5inches
It shows that you can swivel the bassinet to either parent facing or forward facing, does the toddler seat have that same feature?
What car seats work with this? How do you know what car seats will work with this?
Which buggy board fits best with this stroller?
Will it hold a large toddler comfortably Around 3ft tall and 35lbs? Don't want him cramped like in the Umbrella &amp; feet rubbing the wheels or ground.
Connecting 2 Ignite strollers: Hi - Does anyone have experience connecting 2 Ignite strollers side by side using something like the Munchkin link?
Is there a difference in the height of the handles (for taller parents) in the Ignite and the Jet? I'm 6'3 &amp; need a tall stroller???
Jet vs ignite??? Has anyone had problems with the wheels being wobbly in the front with the ignite as several people have commented on with the Jet stroller?
What is the minimum age/ or minimum weight of an infant for this stroller?
Could it fit a 3 year old child? or is it basically for smaller kids? (she does not exceed the weight limit)
What is the best rain cover for the Ignite Stroller? One question: what is a good rain cover to buy for this stroller?
What are the dimensions when folded? Wondering if it can fit in a large suitcase?
Does this stroller recline far enough for comfortable sleeping for a 27 lb two yr old?
Is this light enough for me to carry on and off a bus or subway? For NYC travel. Thanks!
Will it hold a large toddler comfortably Around 3ft tall and 35lbs? Don't want him cramped like in the Umbrella &amp; feet rubbing the wheels or ground.
Connecting 2 Ignite strollers: Hi - Does anyone have experience connecting 2 Ignite strollers side by side using something like the Munchkin link?
Is there a difference in the height of the handles (for taller parents) in the Ignite and the Jet? I'm 6'3 &amp; need a tall stroller???
Jet vs ignite??? Has anyone had problems with the wheels being wobbly in the front with the ignite as several people have commented on with the Jet stroller?
What is the minimum age/ or minimum weight of an infant for this stroller?
Could it fit a 3 year old child? or is it basically for smaller kids? (she does not exceed the weight limit)
What is the best rain cover for the Ignite Stroller? One question: what is a good rain cover to buy for this stroller?
What are the dimensions when folded? Wondering if it can fit in a large suitcase?
Does this stroller recline far enough for comfortable sleeping for a 27 lb two yr old?
Is this light enough for me to carry on and off a bus or subway? For NYC travel. Thanks!
does it have flame rerdardant
Can it go in the washing machine?
is this cushion firm enough to treat an adult with neck pain. I am looking for something quite firm with an indent to cradle head...
I have a couple questions--first, can you use this for tummy time for baby? And second, what is the earliest baby can sit in the pillow? Thank you!
How does this compare to the regular Boppy? Pros and Cons of both? Is baby supported enough in this to be able to take a bottle while sitting in it?
Does it have a cover that can be bought for it? Does it even need a cover, or is it easy enough to wash?
Can the baby sleep on this during the night? We want to co-sleep and similar products, such as the Snuggle Me, are made for/permit night sleeping.
Can you use this as a nursing pillow?
Is there a weight minimum for the baby to lounge on this product safely? We have a preemie
Is the geo pattern gray and yellow or blue and yellow?
Can anyone compare to the LifeFactory glass bottles? Advantages/Disadvantages of each?
does the bottle could keep the milk warm for hours? like the function of thermos bottle? exp pacific bottle
Do these come with caps or do you have to buy separately? Thanks!
Does this come with a lid? Can it be used in a bottle warmer (this is the only way that our daycare will heat a bottle)?
what flow nipples do the 11 oz bottles come with? also can anyone advise on which other brand nipples work best with these?
Are the covers for the regular foam pillow and this inflatable travel pillow interchangeable?
Could this inflatable one be used all the time instead of the original one? Considering getting this as my primary nursing pillow.
The air's completely gone after 1 time use. I bought it last monday and used it only 3 times. Is it normal? I really want to refund it.
Does it fit any size or it has any specific size to order ?
I want to use this for my 20 lb. one year to sleep on me during an international flight. Will it stay inflated for a baby this heavy?
is this machine washable?
Would this fit in a standard airplane seat better than a regular Boppy pillow? We brought our Boppy on another trip and it was too big for the seat.
Can anyone tell me how it inflates? Do you have to blow it up or is there an internal switch or something? Thanks!
The description says this is 100% cotton, but I can't imagine how cotton would hold air. Is this really cotton covering PVC vinyl?
Does anyone know how this travel pillow compares to the Boppy travel pillow? I'm trying to decide which is the better product, thanks!
Cross bar can't attach on one side due to small cut of metal jutting-out at one end. Replacement part was the same. Is this a Defect?
What is the frame made of? Is there any plastic?
where do you find a replacement seat for the infant to toddler rocker
Does this recline to a full flat position? Does it fit newborn?
what's the difference between the snuza go and the snuza halo?
Do you clip this to the diaper and then snap their onesie over it? That seems like it might be bulky.
did it arrive with a battery?
Could this be used with a belly sleeper? My son must sleep on his stomach because of a medical condition
It lists this product, the Snuza Go! as discontinued by manufacturer, however I don't see any information confirming that on the manufacturer's site.
Can a snuza be used for babies that flip over to sleep on their bellies on their own?
Can anyone tell me the difference between this one and the Snuza Hero???
How will I know when I need to change the batteries and when batteries are low is it going to make a loud noise to indicate batteries are low?
Up to what age is this product recommended? first 6months, first year?
Can I adjust the volume?
Did anyone else have problems re-snapping the cover after installing this seat rear-facing? The rebound bar prevents you from accessing the snaps...
Can this seat be used for an infant, Im due to give birth and im wondering if I can bring her home from the hospital in this carseat or will it be too big and I will have to start out with an infan carrier?
Will it fit properly it an A4?
Anyone who has purchased the two tone gray and black seat please tell me if it is as light gray as the product picture? The customer picture is significantly darker, not sure which is more accurate
Was this item recalled recently ?
Descriptions states this is "Forward facing". Is it also for rear facing? Maybe I missed this somewhere, but I want to confirm. :)
is this a good carseat for flying with?
Will this seat install in my 1997 Astro Van? It is not set up for the latch system, I will on only have the shoulder/lap belt to use.?
I am having a difficult time tightening the harness each time since that rebound bar is in the way. Does anyone else have this problem?
Anyone know where to find a replacement cup holder for these seats? I've looked on Amazon and Ebay, no luck.
Did anyone else have problems re-snapping the cover after installing this seat rear-facing? The rebound bar prevents you from accessing the snaps...
Can this seat be used for an infant, Im due to give birth and im wondering if I can bring her home from the hospital in this carseat or will it be too big and I will have to start out with an infan carrier?
Will it fit properly it an A4?
Anyone who has purchased the two tone gray and black seat please tell me if it is as light gray as the product picture? The customer picture is significantly darker, not sure which is more accurate
Was this item recalled recently ?
Descriptions states this is "Forward facing". Is it also for rear facing? Maybe I missed this somewhere, but I want to confirm. :)
is this a good carseat for flying with?
Will this seat install in my 1997 Astro Van? It is not set up for the latch system, I will on only have the shoulder/lap belt to use.?
I am having a difficult time tightening the harness each time since that rebound bar is in the way. Does anyone else have this problem?
Anyone know where to find a replacement cup holder for these seats? I've looked on Amazon and Ebay, no luck.
Did anyone else have problems re-snapping the cover after installing this seat rear-facing? The rebound bar prevents you from accessing the snaps...
Can this seat be used for an infant, Im due to give birth and im wondering if I can bring her home from the hospital in this carseat or will it be too big and I will have to start out with an infan carrier?
Will it fit properly it an A4?
Anyone who has purchased the two tone gray and black seat please tell me if it is as light gray as the product picture? The customer picture is significantly darker, not sure which is more accurate
Was this item recalled recently ?
Descriptions states this is "Forward facing". Is it also for rear facing? Maybe I missed this somewhere, but I want to confirm. :)
is this a good carseat for flying with?
Will this seat install in my 1997 Astro Van? It is not set up for the latch system, I will on only have the shoulder/lap belt to use.?
I am having a difficult time tightening the harness each time since that rebound bar is in the way. Does anyone else have this problem?
Anyone know where to find a replacement cup holder for these seats? I've looked on Amazon and Ebay, no luck.
Why is my cream bassinet missing the restraint strap and it did not come with any bows?
Can I put a regular bassinet sheet on it?
I'm sold on all but the color..is the "cream" as pink as it looks?
What size battery does it need?
What are the features - i.e.: light? vibration? remote?
Can anyone tell me does this have a battery pack for power? Have had ours 8 years and can't remember. If so where can you get one from/make one?
How tall is this from the ground to the top edge? I'm wanting something that can be used as a cosleeper that is tall enough for my tall bed.
Extra bassinet sheets for this product: Since every baby needs at least 2-3 bassinet sheets, does anyone know which brand of bassinet sheet fits this 5 in 1 sleep system best?
what is the maximum weight for for the baby this unit
Is the bassinet attached to the base? It looks like it might come off easily?
Did anyone else have problems re-snapping the cover after installing this seat rear-facing? The rebound bar prevents you from accessing the snaps...
Can this seat be used for an infant, Im due to give birth and im wondering if I can bring her home from the hospital in this carseat or will it be too big and I will have to start out with an infan carrier?
Will it fit properly it an A4?
Anyone who has purchased the two tone gray and black seat please tell me if it is as light gray as the product picture? The customer picture is significantly darker, not sure which is more accurate
Was this item recalled recently ?
Descriptions states this is "Forward facing". Is it also for rear facing? Maybe I missed this somewhere, but I want to confirm. :)
is this a good carseat for flying with?
Will this seat install in my 1997 Astro Van? It is not set up for the latch system, I will on only have the shoulder/lap belt to use.?
I am having a difficult time tightening the harness each time since that rebound bar is in the way. Does anyone else have this problem?
Anyone know where to find a replacement cup holder for these seats? I've looked on Amazon and Ebay, no luck.
Can you put the frozen milk bags in it to dethaw?
Will the Tommee Tippee bottles fit?
How does this work? I've pressed the buttons but it never gets warm.
Did anyone else have problems re-snapping the cover after installing this seat rear-facing? The rebound bar prevents you from accessing the snaps...
Can this seat be used for an infant, Im due to give birth and im wondering if I can bring her home from the hospital in this carseat or will it be too big and I will have to start out with an infan carrier?
Will it fit properly it an A4?
Anyone who has purchased the two tone gray and black seat please tell me if it is as light gray as the product picture? The customer picture is significantly darker, not sure which is more accurate
Was this item recalled recently ?
Descriptions states this is "Forward facing". Is it also for rear facing? Maybe I missed this somewhere, but I want to confirm. :)
is this a good carseat for flying with?
Will this seat install in my 1997 Astro Van? It is not set up for the latch system, I will on only have the shoulder/lap belt to use.?
I am having a difficult time tightening the harness each time since that rebound bar is in the way. Does anyone else have this problem?
Anyone know where to find a replacement cup holder for these seats? I've looked on Amazon and Ebay, no luck.
Help with sizes on Kiddopotamus/Summer Infant Swaddleme: So do you know where to find it?
What is the difference between the small and small/medium?
Can this be used with arms out as well
Is the small going to fit my baby as soon as he's born?
can i use this on my king size bed?
How long is it?
Can you use it with a toddler bed with a mattress that measures 27.5" by 51" by 5"?
Is the front wheel fixed. If we need to turn, do we lift the stroller always?
Anyone use this stroller with a taller toddler? Is there enough head space? My son is only 2 but he's 42 inches tall.
Does the front wheel swivel and lock?
What are the child weight restrictions? i.e. 25-30 pounds
Did anybody used it on the beach?Thanks!
Will this accommodate a Britax B-Safe carseat carrier for my newborn?
Is there any way to still buy the yellow-green color rather than slate/black?
What pros does this have over the summit x3? if the summit has suspension wouldn't that be better for jogging? I intend to train for a half marathon.
Can I use de maxi cosi in this stroller?
My husband and I are fairly tall- I'm 6 feet, he's 6'3. Would the handlebar be too low for us?
Is the front wheel fixed. If we need to turn, do we lift the stroller always?
Anyone use this stroller with a taller toddler? Is there enough head space? My son is only 2 but he's 42 inches tall.
Does the front wheel swivel and lock?
What are the child weight restrictions? i.e. 25-30 pounds
Did anybody used it on the beach?Thanks!
Will this accommodate a Britax B-Safe carseat carrier for my newborn?
Is there any way to still buy the yellow-green color rather than slate/black?
What pros does this have over the summit x3? if the summit has suspension wouldn't that be better for jogging? I intend to train for a half marathon.
Can I use de maxi cosi in this stroller?
My husband and I are fairly tall- I'm 6 feet, he's 6'3. Would the handlebar be too low for us?
2013 model? Does anyone have an idea when that might be?
Does the handle adjust for height? i am a 6 feet tall and found myself bending over with my last jogger
Bob Revolution vs Baby Jogger Summit XC: So, let's be concise, pros and cons of each, who has had a chance to use both and have a good comparison point of view?
Are you still able to purchase car seat adaptors for this model? And if so, do they work with current car seats?
Do the tires have an outlet (valve) to pump air? Thanks
Because this model is discontinued, is there still any kind of warranty on it?
How does this stroller do when pushing it through a few inches of snow?
I am a lover of the BOB revolution. Mine got stolen &amp; i can't afford to replace. Honest comparison. Child comfort? Will be used for lots of jogging
Can this be used for hiking and going on mountain trails?
I have a newborn. Do I need anything other than the stroller. Any extras?
size??
size?
What is the size of this pillow in inches?
Crib: Does this crib fold up flat when you take out the mattress?
Why is it 3 in 1?
what size mattress can go with this crib?
i am looking at purchasing this for a friend does it come with the bedding shown on the picture or is that extra?
Does one side go up and dwon
Does this item come with a mattress?
Are the mattress brackets as shown (mid-way &amp; low), or are they as some describe, as very high and low?
When this is folded up would it fit in a suitcase?
Can a 2-1/2-3 year old preschooler sit in this seat? I desperately need some sort of strappable booster a seat for my counter height island chairs
How tall is the seat? (What is the distance between the surface that the child sits on and the seat of the chair it is strapped to?)
can this be used in a plane seat?
Would this seat be ok with an 11 month old? I have twins and I'm looking for something compact but worried about this seat not being sturdy enough.
Has anyone used this seat on a plane? I getting ready to travel from FL to HI and my current may be too big and I don't won't to buy another carseat
Under product information it is listed as "weight 1 pound" That doesn't seem possible....how much does this really weigh?
Could this be attached to a picnic table at a campsite? Would it be sturdy for a wiggly 1.5 year old?
Would this work in my antique high chair as buckles?
Does the fabric come off to wash in the washing machine?
Would these cloths be good for cleaning baby's tongue?
What is the fabric content of these washcloths?
Are these 9 inches by 9 inches or some other size?
Cotton?
Hi, I want to know which brand Infant carrier can bu use on this Peg Perego Skate Stroller System ?Thx
Why doesn't by bassinet lock in position
Hello, I did not see the second seat? Where can I buy it? How much does it costs? Thanks
Good nights did it want to know if the basket brings that this under the seat?
What is included for $567?
Does this come with the car seat adaptor?
How can we purchase just the base? we have this car seat already, but the base is broken.
What is the manufacture year?
Does this fit the Peg Perego Skate stroller system or do I need adapters?
This listing says the item is 22 lbs. However I looked up this model in other websites and they say 11 lbs. Why is that?
Hi, this includes the car base? thanks
My daugther is 20 months old, she weight 24 pounds, and shes 32 inches, will she fit in this tub &amp; have enough space???
Is this a good travel tub ? We'll be flying internationally and I'd like to pack it in my suitcase. Is this doable with this tub when it's deflated ?
Has anyone tried it with 2 babies at the same time? I have 11 mo old twins. Thanks.
How do I pump air in? Is the tool included for that?
What are the dimensions of this tub? I would like to make sure it will fit in our stall. Thx
Do you keep it inflated at all times? Is so, isn't it a pain to store? If not, isn't it a pain to blow up every time you do a bath?
If the tub is leaking air through a small/not easily visible hole, what is an easy way to locate where the hole is?
Is the bottom inflated or just the sides?
This seems to be the exact same tub that is on the One Step Ahead Website. Why is it $40.55 on Amazon and $19.95 on the OSA website? Anyone know?
What are the dimensions of the inside of this bathtub, where the baby sits?
Does it come with a pillow case?
Is the Cover 100% Cotton? and Is it Soft?
Does it have a machine washable cover?
Could a small piece of wood be used in place of this product?
Does the package include spacers for both walls? Or do I need to order 2?
This product states that it is beige and the gate is white. Do they match?
Crib dimensions are listed as 38" x 27.9." Portacrib mattresses (Dream on Me 3", Davinci Crescent) seem to be 38" by 24". Will there a be a big gap?
What is the height from the platform the mattress rests on (lowest level) to the top of the front rail? Wondering if this is deeper than 24.
when will baby outgrow it? we want to use it instead of a regular crib but don't want 10 transition 2 a toddler bed until child is about 15-18 months.
can you use any crib mattress for the crib
does the mattress sti on metal springs or a sheet of plywood
When the mattress is in the highest setting (for a newborn) how many inches is it from the top? I don't want to bend down far to get the baby
Is there a conversion kit to allow this mini crib to be used as a toddler bed?
Does the mattress come with the crib
does it turn into a headboard and footboard?
Will the Dream on me 3 inch portable crib matress fit nice in this crib?
Crib dimensions are listed as 38" x 27.9." Portacrib mattresses (Dream on Me 3", Davinci Crescent) seem to be 38" by 24". Will there a be a big gap?
What is the height from the platform the mattress rests on (lowest level) to the top of the front rail? Wondering if this is deeper than 24.
when will baby outgrow it? we want to use it instead of a regular crib but don't want 10 transition 2 a toddler bed until child is about 15-18 months.
can you use any crib mattress for the crib
does the mattress sti on metal springs or a sheet of plywood
When the mattress is in the highest setting (for a newborn) how many inches is it from the top? I don't want to bend down far to get the baby
Is there a conversion kit to allow this mini crib to be used as a toddler bed?
Does the mattress come with the crib
does it turn into a headboard and footboard?
Will the Dream on me 3 inch portable crib matress fit nice in this crib?
Crib dimensions are listed as 38" x 27.9." Portacrib mattresses (Dream on Me 3", Davinci Crescent) seem to be 38" by 24". Will there a be a big gap?
What is the height from the platform the mattress rests on (lowest level) to the top of the front rail? Wondering if this is deeper than 24.
when will baby outgrow it? we want to use it instead of a regular crib but don't want 10 transition 2 a toddler bed until child is about 15-18 months.
can you use any crib mattress for the crib
does the mattress sti on metal springs or a sheet of plywood
When the mattress is in the highest setting (for a newborn) how many inches is it from the top? I don't want to bend down far to get the baby
Is there a conversion kit to allow this mini crib to be used as a toddler bed?
Does the mattress come with the crib
does it turn into a headboard and footboard?
Will the Dream on me 3 inch portable crib matress fit nice in this crib?
Crib dimensions are listed as 38" x 27.9." Portacrib mattresses (Dream on Me 3", Davinci Crescent) seem to be 38" by 24". Will there a be a big gap?
What is the height from the platform the mattress rests on (lowest level) to the top of the front rail? Wondering if this is deeper than 24.
when will baby outgrow it? we want to use it instead of a regular crib but don't want 10 transition 2 a toddler bed until child is about 15-18 months.
can you use any crib mattress for the crib
does the mattress sti on metal springs or a sheet of plywood
When the mattress is in the highest setting (for a newborn) how many inches is it from the top? I don't want to bend down far to get the baby
Is there a conversion kit to allow this mini crib to be used as a toddler bed?
Does the mattress come with the crib
does it turn into a headboard and footboard?
Will the Dream on me 3 inch portable crib matress fit nice in this crib?
Help with sizes on Kiddopotamus/Summer Infant Swaddleme: So do you know where to find it?
What is the difference between the small and small/medium?
Can this be used with arms out as well
Is the small going to fit my baby as soon as he's born?
Are the wheels a nice rubber or cheap plastic? What is the weight limit? Also do you end up kicking it a lot?
Can someone please tell us the max weight limit? My son is a larger 3 year old...Possibly nearly 40lbs already and I need this thing to last a year!
Does this work for a Maclaren twin techno double umbrella stroller?
Does it work on peg perego aria TWIN?
what is the maximum weight a child should be to use the buggy board?
If you use this with an umbrella stroller, is it possible to still fold up the stroller?
Does this work with the UppaBaby G-Luxe? I don't see it on the Lascal website.
Does it works with Maclaren Quest? Thanks!
Do you need to purchase additional items to install this, or is everything needed included in this purchase?
Anyone used it on a baby jogger city select? It's compatible but is the stroller handle going to be stuck in child's face? Stroller folds w/out issue?
Does this come with a mattress? if so, what size ?
What are the dimensions when the crib is folded up?
Is this good for everyday use? I see a lot of grandparents who are using it for occasional use or visits, what about everyday?
can this crib fit thru doorways
What does "2 in 1" mean?
Can a crib dust ruffle be used on this model?
What size casters are on this crib?
What material is the bottom surface made from? Are there wooden slats? Is it a solid piece of particle board? ....?
I need a replacement caster for one of these. The local hardware store doesn't sell the same ones. Anyone have any ideas?
Weight is said to be 46 pounds. Pre-assembly is it in several pieces so I can easily carry the pieces myself up 2 flights of steps?
What is the height of the lowest position for the mattress? (Either height off the ground or height from the top of the rails?)
Do regular crib sheets fit, or do you need smaller crib sheets?
Did anyone find that the 2 locks under the board didn't line up with the drilled holes so you couldn't close locks to support board?
the support for the mattress appears to be fiberboard. Would a flat spring support from another standard full-size crib fit this crib?
how many height adjustments are there
Can I fit a full size crib mattress inside
what are the detail about the mattress and can you buy a better one?
We hardly have any space in our room and so crib would have to take out crib at night and keep it away every morning. Is it practical with this crib?
What is the weight limits for a toddler using the crib?
Will this crib fold in with the child laying in the crib? Is there any way this could happen?
I am traveling internationally by airplane with my 1 year old daughter and wanted to know if its good for travel and can it be carried on the plan?
can i put infant car seat on top of Contours Lite Stroller, Tangerine?
My 19 month old is 34 inches tall. Will she outgrow this stroller very quickly?
Is there a peek-a-boo window in the canopy?
Hi does stroller recline enough for baby to nap comfortably?
What age is this stroller for?
how would you use this stroller for a newborn / small infant? it says minimum weight is 5lbs.
The child tray that is shown in the pictures here, does it come with the stroller? The child tray part wasn't there when I received the package!
How high is the handlebar of the stroller?
Is this okay for a newborn?
How high off the floor are the bottom pads that press against the wall? Trying to figure out if there will be interference with my baseboard trim.
Can it be installed so that the door will open in the direction of your choice? Will the door stay open if you do not want it to auto close?
Can the gate be left open if desired or does it always swing shut automatically?
Is this really a cherry color? There is a similar one that is listed for $89 that doesn't list a color but the pictures look to be the same color. I purchased this gate in a store and it is a walnut color in person which is what I need. That sku...
What is the space between the bars? Trying to find something to keep Mr. Kitty down stairs.
Cant this gate be installed at an angle?
I would like to use at the bottom of the stairs, it's a 3ft wide section. will this gate work for width?
can this be installed to open with the hinge on the right and latch on the left?
Can the screw in cups be adjusted so they are narrow at the bottom to fit over baseboards, and wider at the top? How wide are the screw-in cups?
I just bought one from you last week and received it today...I went to order another one from you and it is around 25.00 more.????
Can a recent buyer provide the actual dimensions? Description says 36x16x2, but old reviews say 34.5x17x1. This will make a big difference.
Can it be used on a desk or countertop and then folded/rolled to put into a drawer?
Is this a stand-alone pad or a cover?
what are the length and width of thi pad
Will this fit the Davinici Kalani Mini Crib?
what size sheets will fit the 3" and the 5" dream on me mattress
Will this fit the arms reach co sleeper?
Can we fold this mattress up and take it in a suitcase in the airplane? Is it really that portable?
Is this a FOAM mattress?
size of mattress that will fix in playpen that is 24"X36"?
How heavy a baby will this support?
does it fit the pack n playard?
Will this mattress fit in the Dream On Me Jayden 4 in 1 Convertible Portable Crib?
This is for couple? I couldn't read the size of the bed. I bought this but I don't know whether it is for two or not.
Would this work on a pack and play?
Does it work on a rock n play? It'd be nice if I could get it to rock without having to rock it myself. She might actually stay asleep!
Can it be switched on continuously for the whole night?
does this work on toddlers mattress
Does it anchor to a sleigh crib?
Can it be easily attached to a pack and play
Is this true to the measurement guidelines in the grid above? It seems way off - I would get a 2T without measuring but he is measuring at 18 months
Are the pants button and zipper or are they full elastic?
Is it machine washable?
Is this suit truly made in the USA?
It seems that most comments have been that the suit runs small. From the sizing chart provided my son would be a size 8. So do I buy a 10????
Is the shirt short sleeved or long sleeved?
About how much hem is there to be let out in the pants if needed?
does the pants have belt loops
Is the vest a full vest or a bib?
Is this true to the measurement guidelines in the grid above? It seems way off - I would get a 2T without measuring but he is measuring at 18 months
Are the pants button and zipper or are they full elastic?
Is it machine washable?
Is this suit truly made in the USA?
It seems that most comments have been that the suit runs small. From the sizing chart provided my son would be a size 8. So do I buy a 10????
Is the shirt short sleeved or long sleeved?
About how much hem is there to be let out in the pants if needed?
does the pants have belt loops
Is the vest a full vest or a bib?
Is this true to the measurement guidelines in the grid above? It seems way off - I would get a 2T without measuring but he is measuring at 18 months
Are the pants button and zipper or are they full elastic?
Is it machine washable?
Is this suit truly made in the USA?
It seems that most comments have been that the suit runs small. From the sizing chart provided my son would be a size 8. So do I buy a 10????
Is the shirt short sleeved or long sleeved?
About how much hem is there to be let out in the pants if needed?
does the pants have belt loops
Is the vest a full vest or a bib?
Is this true to the measurement guidelines in the grid above? It seems way off - I would get a 2T without measuring but he is measuring at 18 months
Are the pants button and zipper or are they full elastic?
Is it machine washable?
Is this suit truly made in the USA?
It seems that most comments have been that the suit runs small. From the sizing chart provided my son would be a size 8. So do I buy a 10????
Is the shirt short sleeved or long sleeved?
About how much hem is there to be let out in the pants if needed?
does the pants have belt loops
Is the vest a full vest or a bib?
Is this true to the measurement guidelines in the grid above? It seems way off - I would get a 2T without measuring but he is measuring at 18 months
Are the pants button and zipper or are they full elastic?
Is it machine washable?
Is this suit truly made in the USA?
It seems that most comments have been that the suit runs small. From the sizing chart provided my son would be a size 8. So do I buy a 10????
Is the shirt short sleeved or long sleeved?
About how much hem is there to be let out in the pants if needed?
does the pants have belt loops
Is the vest a full vest or a bib?
Is this true to the measurement guidelines in the grid above? It seems way off - I would get a 2T without measuring but he is measuring at 18 months
Are the pants button and zipper or are they full elastic?
Is it machine washable?
Is this suit truly made in the USA?
It seems that most comments have been that the suit runs small. From the sizing chart provided my son would be a size 8. So do I buy a 10????
Is the shirt short sleeved or long sleeved?
About how much hem is there to be let out in the pants if needed?
does the pants have belt loops
Is the vest a full vest or a bib?
Is this true to the measurement guidelines in the grid above? It seems way off - I would get a 2T without measuring but he is measuring at 18 months
Are the pants button and zipper or are they full elastic?
Is it machine washable?
Is this suit truly made in the USA?
It seems that most comments have been that the suit runs small. From the sizing chart provided my son would be a size 8. So do I buy a 10????
Is the shirt short sleeved or long sleeved?
About how much hem is there to be let out in the pants if needed?
does the pants have belt loops
Is the vest a full vest or a bib?
Is this true to the measurement guidelines in the grid above? It seems way off - I would get a 2T without measuring but he is measuring at 18 months
Are the pants button and zipper or are they full elastic?
Is it machine washable?
Is this suit truly made in the USA?
It seems that most comments have been that the suit runs small. From the sizing chart provided my son would be a size 8. So do I buy a 10????
Is the shirt short sleeved or long sleeved?
About how much hem is there to be let out in the pants if needed?
does the pants have belt loops
Is the vest a full vest or a bib?
How can we purchase just the base? we have this car seat already, but the base is broken.
What is the manufacture year?
Does this fit the Peg Perego Skate stroller system or do I need adapters?
This listing says the item is 22 lbs. However I looked up this model in other websites and they say 11 lbs. Why is that?
Hi, this includes the car base? thanks
Is the height on this model 25 or 36 inches? The product description seems to be wrong.
Is this strong enough to catch a runaway childs play car on a sloped driveway?
This product reads as "Kidkusion Retractable Driveway Guard, Black, 25'" (25 feet?) but the description says 18.' Which is it?
I want to know if the width is 18' or 25'??
Is this 25' long or 18' long? Is it 25" tall or 36" tall? Thank you.
Does this car seat adaptor work for the Britax chaperone car seat?
Does this adaptor work with the Baby Jogger City Elite double stroller with a Baby Trend Flex Loc car seat?
Can this particular adapter be used with a Maxi-Cosi carseat with my DOUBLE Baby Jogger 2014 city select stroller?
What is the adaptor for? Do i have to buy a Baby Jogger City Select Car Seat to fit?
Will this work with Chico key fit 30 and the baby jogger city series (I think I have a 2007 single)
Will this work for the Baby Trend Travel System Car Seats?
who bought this and it worked for baby jogger double summit x3 for chicco key fit 30?
Can I use this adaptor with the City Mini stroller?
Does this car seat adaptor work for the Britax chaperone car seat?
Does this adaptor work with the Baby Jogger City Elite double stroller with a Baby Trend Flex Loc car seat?
Can this particular adapter be used with a Maxi-Cosi carseat with my DOUBLE Baby Jogger 2014 city select stroller?
What is the adaptor for? Do i have to buy a Baby Jogger City Select Car Seat to fit?
Will this work with Chico key fit 30 and the baby jogger city series (I think I have a 2007 single)
Will this work for the Baby Trend Travel System Car Seats?
who bought this and it worked for baby jogger double summit x3 for chicco key fit 30?
Can I use this adaptor with the City Mini stroller?
How does it work for smaller, younger children? My 4 year old daughter is 39" and 37 pounds. I would like to buy a booster for occasional use in my husband's 4 door pick-up. It would be mostly short in-town trips, but I still want it to be safe.
How wide is the seat? I am trying to find a seat to fit between a Britax Frontier and a Britax B-Safe, in my 2013 Mitsubishi Outlander Sport.
I need a booster seat that is VERY narrow so it fits inbetween my other two baby seats. Is it 12" or 17" wide?
Can you wash the foam seat padding in a washing machine?
The arm rests look flimsy...are they? Thank you!
Is this seat FAA approved? I want to take it on the plane for my toddler.
Says it meets ECE 04 standards, I assume this means it has that sticker on it somewhere. Is that true?
what is the depth of the seat
Is it significantly higher than other boosters? I need one that has a high seat.
Is the spout interchangeable within phases? That is can the hard spout of phase2 can be used with phase 1 sippy cup?
Is the zippy cup spout made from plastic? Or is it silicone? Anyone know what that part of the cup is made out of?
How leak-proof is this cup? Can it be stowed on its side or upside-down without leaking? Thanks!
how long can it keep water warm
how long can it keep water warm
I'm interested in using this for smoothies (not water, juice, milk, etc.). Is the opening of the spout large enough for that?
Is there a cover to buy for this that will make it suitable for travel?
I bought this and why is there no cover for the spout?
Can the removable handles also work on the thermos foogo stainless steel STRAW bottle?
i'd like to know if this cup is good for cold seasons? will it keep the fluid warm long enough?
Possible to purchase just the straw top once your child outgrows the sippy spout? Haven't been able to find it on amazon.
Is this made of food grade stainless steel?I see one review mentioned chemical smell.
Is this made with food grade stainless steel?I see one review mentioned chemical smell.
Can I put warm milk in it? Will it stay warm for 1/2 hours?
Is this cup too heavy for a 1 year old? It looks quite bulky.
Is this a spill proof cup? My son tend to throw his cup-so tried of cleaning the floor every time the stay on their side for a few minutes and drip.
Is it possible to add the handles from their smaller soft spout cup to this larger one? We really like handles....
Does anyone know if this will fit in a graco car seat cup holder? It is 3" diameter.
I removed the yellow band to wash the cup. After replacing the band and screwing the top back on, it leaks. Any ideas?
I bought this and why is there no cover for the spout?
Does thermos sell replacement straws for the fooogo 11oz bottle
Do these straws have a valve to limit flow? I need a somewhat regular flow straw. Thanks
is it safe to heat this up in boiling water- i.e. fill with milk and put in pot to warm. thanks
Is it usable without the straw?
what is the length and circumference of this bottle?
Does it keep liquids like milk hot for a long time?
I just received my order today. is that normal to have the bottle without a top and straw?
Is this cup microwave-safe?
Does the lid on this fit the stainless cups? (We had a stainless cup that we lost the lid to, but still have the cup!)
Why would someone get this one over their metal cup?
Does this have a valve? How hard is it to suck vis-a-vis other straw cups like nuby?
Is there a volume indicator?
Are the parts inside removable so it can be cleaned well such as the straw detaching etc.?
Is it possible to order the upper straw separately? It has began to discolor but the rest of the cup is in great condition.
Are there replacement straw for this bottle? How much is the replacement straw, any shipping charges?
This is a plastic thermos? So you can put cold in hot drinks in here and it will keep milk cold and hot drinks hot?
Does this lid fit the 10 oz stainless steel straw bottle? From the pic, it looks like it would. Anybody has both? And using the tops interchangeably?
What is a good brush for cleaning the soft upper part of the straw?
Can it keep milk cold for 10hours?
good for smoothies?
What's the advantage of a bassinet vs the car seat for one w/an infant and a toddler? Seems like car seat would function longer for the infant? Thoughts?
Does the bassinet come with a handle? I want to be able to lift it with a sleeping baby in the bassinet and carry it. Is that possible?
I see that it connects on the sides but how does it stop from being tilted? How is it secured besides the side connectors?
Can you use the bassinet with the attachment parts for the single seat? This is my first baby, I am not planning on buying the second seat yet.
is the bassinet free standing when not on the stroller? could it be used as a bassinet in the house as a bassinet?
compatible with city mini
Would this one work for City Mini GT?
which citi minis does it work with?
can I put this on the city elite or the city mini GT?
Does this pram work with the City Mini Single stroller as well as the Select?
Is this product suitable for the elderly who have to drink half lying down?
Whether or not he with spare Straw
Is this spill/leak proof?
Can it keep the water warm?
Is the handle separate from the cap? I'm wondering if the handle could be combined with the straw lid that comes with the 10oz attachment?
do this cup have a sippy in it?
is the sippy spout made of plastic or silicone?
just wondering is this cup going to keep water warm?
It says soft spout on this, can the spout be pushed in completely or is it just a soft coating?
Why do liquids stay cold in this cup for 6 hours and the other foogo stainless steel cup is 10 hours?
Does this car seat adaptor work for the Britax chaperone car seat?
Does this adaptor work with the Baby Jogger City Elite double stroller with a Baby Trend Flex Loc car seat?
Can this particular adapter be used with a Maxi-Cosi carseat with my DOUBLE Baby Jogger 2014 city select stroller?
What is the adaptor for? Do i have to buy a Baby Jogger City Select Car Seat to fit?
Will this work with Chico key fit 30 and the baby jogger city series (I think I have a 2007 single)
Will this work for the Baby Trend Travel System Car Seats?
who bought this and it worked for baby jogger double summit x3 for chicco key fit 30?
Can I use this adaptor with the City Mini stroller?
What's the advantage of a bassinet vs the car seat for one w/an infant and a toddler? Seems like car seat would function longer for the infant? Thoughts?
Does the bassinet come with a handle? I want to be able to lift it with a sleeping baby in the bassinet and carry it. Is that possible?
I see that it connects on the sides but how does it stop from being tilted? How is it secured besides the side connectors?
Can you use the bassinet with the attachment parts for the single seat? This is my first baby, I am not planning on buying the second seat yet.
is the bassinet free standing when not on the stroller? could it be used as a bassinet in the house as a bassinet?
compatible with city mini
Would this one work for City Mini GT?
which citi minis does it work with?
can I put this on the city elite or the city mini GT?
Does this pram work with the City Mini Single stroller as well as the Select?
For those who use this pad in the Graco Travel Lite Crib, do you know how this bassinet pad compares to the Graco Dream on Me Foam mattress pad?
Does anyone know what this is made of? Vinyl? Foam? Is it better than using the Graco Travel Crib mattress on its own?
Does this fit the Carter's bassinet?
Does the mattress from the crib fit on this bed? Thanks, from a first time mom!
Does this bed fit a standard crib mattress?
Are you able to leave one of the side rails off?
does natural finish imply that it has a wood stain or no wood stain?
What is the mattress base like? Is it solid or slatted?
How much clearance is there between the floor and the bottom of the frame?
Can anyone tell me the distance from top of headboard to the slats? Mattress is 5 in, I need to make sure my sons head will clear the top when seated
What is the measurements of this bed?
is this bed manufactured in America?
I have an organic mattress, which weighs about 22 pounds and my little one is about 30. Is that too much weight for the toddler bed?
What is the weight limit on this bed?
Does this use a crib mattress?
Does this bed good for jumping kids??
Does this bed come with a mattress?
What is the height of the headboard on this bed? Mattress to top? I have a "head banger" and want to make sure his head clears the top when seated!
Do you need a drill for the little screws or how do you insert the small screws with no whole behind?
Does this bed come with the mattress or do you have to order it seperately?
How high is the bed off the floor?
Does anyone know if the wood is FSC certified or what the finishes are made of?
Hi. Could you bring me the shipping pack dimmensions please? Thanks a lot
Is there a wood foundation for the mattress to rest on? Is is sturdy?
In the 2 pictures of this product it shows one with a footboard and one without. What is the difference? We are confused.
Are there separate pieces to make it into a twin bed?
What is the height of the rails from the slats the mattress sits on? (In other words, how thick of a mattress can this bed accommodate?)
Please share what mattress you are using with this bed. We just got naturepedic crib mattress which is 27.5" x 52" x 6" will it fit? Thanks!
how high does the bed come off the floor?
does it come with a mattress
I like to store stuff under our beds, how many inches from the floor to the bottom of the bed is there?
Do the lenght is adjustable? What is the mininum lenght of the bed?
Is the bed wood?
How long is the side rail that keeps them from falling out of the bed?
What is the weight limit?
Which mattress fits the Orbelle 3-6T Toddler bed
Does it come with a mattress?
My son is almost four and average sized. Will this be too small for him soon?
Are the side rails removable?
Does the painting of the bed have any smell?
Does this fit a standard crib mattress? (I'm a first-time mom so I don't know basic things like this....)
Do you get one or two in a package?
Does it come with a protective case/cover for the top? If not how do you keep it clean?
Are they BPA free? Silicone?
Are these freezer-safe? Wouldn't want them to crack and break off in my baby's mouth!
my grandson loves these but he still chokes on them. Do you make any with the anti chock shield closer to tip?
Can these be put in the refrigerator to make cool?
Are Batteries included? How long do they last? What size battery is used?
Were Sticks made in USA?
It says that Anti-choke shield prevents over-insertion. Doesnt seem to prevent choking from the other end. Does it?
Are these BPA free?
how many OZ does it hold?
Does the straw have quick flow? My one year old gets frustrated easily with having to put in a lot of effort. Thanks!
Would this be good for a 7 month old learning to use a cup?
Does the straw have a valve? I am looking for a valve free sippy cup.
Is it microwave safe?
Hi, is it safe to sanitize all parts with a steaming sanitizer? Thanks
milk
Can you use the thin munchkin brand straw cleaners to clean this one or does the zoli use a different size?
This cup leaks like crazy and we only put milk and water in it, why does the liquid seep up through the straw?
Is this made in China?
I am concerned that the tension of the bars is extreme. If the ties give can it hurt the baby? Any reason for concern?
If the bird stops playing music, are you able to change the batteries or make it work again?
Is this BPA FREE? BPA can effect the brain, behavior &amp; prostate gland of fetuses, infants, &amp; children
Are the toys BPA free?
what's the cushion material on cherry/beige?
Has anyone used this glider for longer than six months and can comment on its durability? Or at least its durability relative to the cost?
How high is the back of the chair? Does head rest on it or does back stop at, or around shoulders shoulders?.
Does it rock? The description says it glides. But the "technical details", on the line where it says "additional product features" it says "rocking".
Please can you tell me the dimension of the box (or boxes) and the weight of each one. Tks
does the ottoman have a nursing stool?
How much assembly is required?!
how much weight will it hold. I am a heavier woman
how do you put the arm cushions on the chair
Do you sell the cushions separately? I had to throw mine out and need to replace them. Thank you.
Would you say this White/Beige combo is more of an off white wood? The pic looks more off white then white.
Just wanting to confirm if this glider does not have a locking mechanism?
what are the weight restrictions? can it hold a 250 lb. man?
What is the actual width of the seat? Is it big enough for a mom plus a feeding pillow (i.e. boppy pillow)? I'm 5'4 and 120 pre-pregnancy.
How do you wash the cushions? What do you recommend using?
Does it reclines or slightly reclined?
Is the white/ beige glider truly white or is the paint an off-white?
can you please let me know what are exact shipping measurements?
can anyone tell me exact measurements of the back piece of the chair? I am wondering where it will hit on my back.
My chair is beginning to squeak and clunk - any tips for fixing it? Are there simple parts that can be replaced?
People complained the back ht is too low. How tall is the back ht from seat to top? Thank you.
How do you clean stains off this glider and ottoman?
where can I find replacement cushions for this model?
Why does this glider squeak?
does this seat recline?
can anyone tell me the height of the seat from the floor? if its too low it will hurt my knees getting up &amp; down from it
Can some one confirm the color of the cushions for me? Are they light pink? Some one said they are more "peach". Is this true?
Does this chair recline?
I have bought this and am now concerned about whether I'm too heavy for it based on some of the reviews? It's still in transit. I'm over 200lbs....
The picture makes the wood look off white, is this the case or is it more of a standard bright white?
Is it white or antique white,I'm looking for conversion kit for status500
does that extension kit work with the Graco convertible cribs?
Hi, I have a white crib, somerset , Status, series 200 . Does this kit would be working ? I bought the crib 3 years ago please help. Thx
What does this kit include? Does it have the two side rails? And the slats for the middle? Hardware? Screws?
is this a full size convertion bed rail set hook on style ?
Will this conversion kit work with any crib that converts to a full size bed?
On the caterpillar does the pacifier detach?
Would this work for almost 1yr old? Seems like it would weigh the paci down and be harder for them to keep in mouth. Is this an issue?
What are the recommended age for these pacifiers?
Are these the 0-3 month size pacifiers or the 3+ months?
If I buy two things at your store and sent to one address. Will the shipping fee become one?
Is it white or antique white,I'm looking for conversion kit for status500
does that extension kit work with the Graco convertible cribs?
Hi, I have a white crib, somerset , Status, series 200 . Does this kit would be working ? I bought the crib 3 years ago please help. Thx
What does this kit include? Does it have the two side rails? And the slats for the middle? Hardware? Screws?
is this a full size convertion bed rail set hook on style ?
Will this conversion kit work with any crib that converts to a full size bed?
Is the small infant footmuff compatible with other brands of car seats?
Is it suitable for newborns? Can it be used with a head support. I'm thinking of using it with the head support from the uppababy infant snug seat.
Doe the foot muff work with the Orbit toddler stroller seat?
I am debating between the small and large. How much use will I get from the small? Should I just buy the large?
Farenheit or Celsius mode?
Farenheit or Celsius mode?
need instructions
are these unbleached? Untreated with chlroine?
Where are these wipes made?
Are these certified organic? Thanks
What are the dimensions of the individual cloths?
Will this fit in a Ford Fiesta hatchback in the rear-facing mode?
Would you recommend this seat for a 3 year old (close to 4)? I have twins who are on the smaller side; currently about 32 lbs.
is it suitable for newborns?
I have two of these seats and I have found it is extremely hard to tighten the straps on both seats, does anybody else have this issue? If so is there any fix?
Does this car seat recline?
Does this seat fit in the back seat of 2002 BMW 325ci convertible?
does any1 know if this is ok to use on airplane? thanks!
Product dimensions are 29.4 x 18.4 x 21.2 inches. I wonder the package dimensions.
We ordered this, but received no user manual, either in the box or attached to the car seat. Does this even come with a user manual?
How many years until expiration from date of manufacture? I know average is 6 years, but I've heard there are longer on the market. Thanks!
does this swing have an option to plug it in instead of use batteries?
Can this swing be packed for air-travel?
lots of noise from what seems to be the motor. how can I stop this? kind of like squeaking. defective product? not positive I set it up 100% correct
Are the outer edges flexible or rigid? Is the grid flexible at all?
Can this item be used to protect a full glass storm door from large breed dogs who insist on jumping up and scratching to come back in? I want to use velcro to secure it. I know I will need two for full coverage.The exposed glass area is 72 3/4" x 28...
Can this be attached to a metal storm door without having to drill holes in it?
Do you think this could be used on a solid wood door instead of a screen door. My dog scratches at the door when I leave and is ruining it.
what is the size of this screen
Can this be used on a RV door?
is this strong enough for squirrels?
How is this installed? Does it install behind the screen with screws or does it replace the screen?
Can this be used on a sliding patio door screen. It's twice our Standard Poodle has gone thru the screen now.
Is this product a true 36 inch or 35.5?
Is it possible to remove and assemble this gate on a regular basis? We want to use it to block the kitchen.
Does it open on the side or you have to go over it?
Does anyone know how to remove the fabric on this gate? My cat peed all over it and it reaks of pee, I can't figure out how to get it off to wash.
When you fold this gate down to the smallest size, will it fit in the average sized suitcase for travel?
how high (tall) is the gate
Springs
Wanting this to keep our infant from getting to our audio/video equipment. Anyone know if the screen will allow remote signals to pass through it?
can it fit a 32' door
i'm assuming if the doorway is 34 inches wide, this gate will not work as it will not snuggly fit. Only expands larger, not smaller....correct?
Will this gate fit a regular sized staircase opening? 32 3/4" specifically.. thanks!
Does it hold glass bottles?
What color is this one? The title says "winter grass" but the photo has green grass.
Dishwasher safe?
Could I cut this in half? Is the plastic soft enought to cut with scissors?
Would this hold a chopping board?
About how many bottles does this accommodate?
I am considering this for my coffee cups on my desk at work. Thoughts?
If we can use the dishwasher?
Would the "lawn" trap dust and dirt? How do you hand wash it?
What makes this better than a cheaper drying mat?
Would this set go good with black furniture?
Please help me. I'm not sure about the color. My baby boy's bedroom is white and light blue and has an sky dark blue with yellow stars. Do you think it will combine ? This set look like green, not light blue.
are there any drapes that match this set other than valance?
I would like to buy the wallpaper border. Has anyone been able to find it?
What are the sheets made from?
What's it made of?
Has anyone experienced a plastic odor and taste? If so, how did you get rid of it? Tastes so bad my granddaughter won't drink water from it.
is it leak proof even in any position?
How strong is the straw? My concern is that my daughter chews the straws usually. Would you recommend it for a 22 month old who is fond of chewing straws?
can it keep drinks hot
how much cost shipping to Poland or Norway?
Can it be used for hot / warm liquids too?
Are replacement straws available for purchase?
Does this bottle come with a box?
Does this thermos come with a long straw or only the straw visible on the outside?
Need matching wall border.
can you deliver to South Africa
Is there somewhere i can get one or two more sets of the sheets in the picture for extras?
Where can I get the mobile that is in the picture of the set I bought?
how big of a baby does the infant version fit? what about the toddler version?
Looking to purchase for my 2 1/2 yr old? We live in Michigan &amp; I need to start walking again even though it's COLD outside. Would he fit in it?
Is it kick proof? Is there some sort of zipper lock?
my 17 month old is quite tall, he is almost 36", what are the dimensions of the top part of the stroller cosey, am wondering if he would fit in it?
is it waterproof
does it fit maclaren triumph and baby jogger summit xc
Has anyone used this with a BOB jogging stroller? Does this fit?
Can this be used with uppababy g-luxe stroller?
can you use this for a car seat?
does it swing side to side or back and front?
Does the swing come apart and together for easy travel?
Does this swing lock into place when it vibrates?
Weight limit?
Can the swing and vibrate function be used simultaneously? Can it damage the swing if this is done?
Till what age can you use the swing comfortably?
what is the maximum age or weight ?
Can the swing be used for newborns?
Can you remove the plastic toy bar at the top?
Have much max weight the swing can carry?
What is the length of the strap?
What is the maximum age of the child?
Do they break easy?
Are these allowed to be carried on a plane once filled with breast milk?
Is this product BPA free
Does this cooler fit 4 oz Avent bottles and Medela bottles?
How many medela bottles can this bag hold with the ice packs in?
Are these bottle freezer safe?
Can I use the Medela Pump In Style Advanced with these collection bottles (meaning, will they screw into the Medela brand connector piece)? Thank you!
Does this product come with the 6 bottles?
How many storage bags will this hold if each bag is frozen with about 5 oz of breast milk in each? Thanks!
Are there nipples to go with this set?
Do these bottles fit into Madela hospital grade pump? Thanks.
What size is the mattress?
Hi, does this basket fit in the jolly jumper rocking basket stands?
What are the materials which this basket's inside is made of?
Could I just purchase the bumper and sheet? I already have a mattress and basket from my first baby?
Are there instructions on removing the cover and bedding for washing?
I'm a bit confused. Does the ecru come with an actual wicker basket or is it just the bumper, mattress, and sheet?
does it make crinkly noises when the baby moves?
what makes it portable? does it fold?
How firm is this mattress? I know the more firm, the more safe with crib mattresses.
Can this mattress be used with the eve foo suite 300 placard bassinets
Does anyone know what kind of packaging this arrives in from Amazon Prime? Does it come in Amazon packaging, or is it obvious it's a crib mattress?
Is the waterproof cover removable for washing?
Will this matress fit the inginuity playard?
Does this mattress work with the Angelcare Movement baby monitors?
Will this mattress fit the Delta Portable Folding Crib?
Could this be used instead of the pad that came with the pack n play? The kind that folds and has the board in it? Could this just replace that?
If this bag can also fit city versa?
Will the double stroller fit into this?
It's that bag will fit on baby jogger summet x3
Is there any padding to help protect in plane cargo? or just a bag? For those who didn't like this - what bag did you find for City select?
this mat is machine washable -- but as I read the laundry symbols, it is not machine dryable. Can that be??
What material is this mat made with?
What's on the other side of the mat?
how do you wash it?
Is the surface made of cotton?
Is the mat heavy enough to keep a 6 mo. old from pulling it up off the floor and over them like they would with a blanket?
Is this mat cushiony for use in hard wood floors?
Is this treated with fire retardant chemicals?
how many toys does this mat come with? How thick/dense is the padding?
can anybody tell me which part of this product is made from cotton? thanks!
Hi, I want to know which brand Infant carrier can bu use on this Peg Perego Skate Stroller System ?Thx
Why doesn't by bassinet lock in position
Hello, I did not see the second seat? Where can I buy it? How much does it costs? Thanks
Good nights did it want to know if the basket brings that this under the seat?
What is included for $567?
Does this come with the car seat adaptor?
Hi, I want to know which brand Infant carrier can bu use on this Peg Perego Skate Stroller System ?Thx
Why doesn't by bassinet lock in position
Hello, I did not see the second seat? Where can I buy it? How much does it costs? Thanks
Good nights did it want to know if the basket brings that this under the seat?
What is included for $567?
Does this come with the car seat adaptor?
Hi, I want to know which brand Infant carrier can bu use on this Peg Perego Skate Stroller System ?Thx
Why doesn't by bassinet lock in position
Hello, I did not see the second seat? Where can I buy it? How much does it costs? Thanks
Good nights did it want to know if the basket brings that this under the seat?
What is included for $567?
Does this come with the car seat adaptor?
Can anyone tell me how big is the box that it comes in?
Does anyone know how to convert the front wheel into a swivel wheel?
It shows the minimum weight as 5 pounds. Has anyone used it with an infant? I have a two month old.
how much does this stroller weigh and how difficult is it to get into car
What's the maximum height and maximum weight for a child to be able to fit into this comfortably?
Has anyone used this on the beach? I'm looking for a stroller that will push through sand.
too big for a newborn?
Can you adjust or move canopy completely forward...180 degrees....so if I am running against the wind/sun my LO will be protected?
car seat with jeep overland sport: Can a graco snug ride 35 be used with a jeep overland sport stroller?
Does the seat recline enough for a baby who can't support his head yet? we can use extra padding, but if the angle is wrong don't want him to scrunch
are these the original silicone (yellow nipple) pacis? my son only likes these and i cant find them
do these Pacifier have chain?
does the pack include a sterilizer box?
is this the latest 2013 model?? also how does it recline- do you need to use both hands or one??
Can a 41 inch 4 year old child fit in this buggy?
do taller parents5''10 and6''2 kick the brakes or back of stroller when u walk fast?
Is there an optional food tray attachment that I can purchase?
is there an optional food tray that can be purchased?
How is the sun canopy? I have heard other Maclaren models have a lousy sun shade that doesn't cover much. Thanks!
It's come with rain cover
Where is this manufactured?
The instructions say to hand wash. Has anyone successfully machine washed the comforter and bumper?
The instructions say to hand wash. Has anyone successfully machine washed the comforter and bumper?
Does this set come with the mobile? If not where can i get it?
Does the crib have different height levels?
Is the crib large enough for an 18 month old to sleep in? We are thinking of getting it for the whole summer (i.e. not just occasional use).
will it roll through a standard doorway without having to fold it down?
My baby hates the PNP mattress for sleeping overnight. Is this easy to fold and put in the back of an SUV for trip? Or is it too bulky w/the mattress?
Does this meet CPSC standards for Daycares?
What are the dimensions of this crib?
Is this easier to fold and put away then a pack and play?
How old a child for this crib to be used Can it be converted to be used as aplay pen How safe is it
How heavy a child will this bed suupport?
What size mattress does this take? Is it a mini crib?
is it microwave safe?
We dont have a dishwasher at home. Can we wash these cups in a steriliser (steriliser for milk bottles)? Thank You in advance!
Why two orange cups and not a blue?
how many ounces does this cup.hold?
What is the diameter of these across the top? Looking for something smaller than the Green Toy's cups.
My child is 8 months old. Can she try to use these cups now?
Would this crib be large enough to comfortably hold a 29lb 33" tall child?
What is the baby weight limit?
What's the difference between this crib and the lightweight one? Other than the more expensive one has no mattress and cheaper one comes w/ thin canr
can this crib be used for daycare?
Is this crib made out of pine or beechwood? The Dream of Me website lists beechwood, while other sites claim it's pine.
Exactly what size/brand mattress dd you get?
How high does the top of the mattress come? Looking to sidecar the crib to our bed.
What all these dimensions mean? Product Dimensions 40.8 x 29 x 6 inches???
I'm told that we need to wait to use the crib for several weeks to allow the finish to off-gas? That seems excessive to me.
Can it be converted to youth bed
Does the crib have different height levels?
Is the crib large enough for an 18 month old to sleep in? We are thinking of getting it for the whole summer (i.e. not just occasional use).
will it roll through a standard doorway without having to fold it down?
My baby hates the PNP mattress for sleeping overnight. Is this easy to fold and put in the back of an SUV for trip? Or is it too bulky w/the mattress?
Does this meet CPSC standards for Daycares?
What are the dimensions of this crib?
Is this easier to fold and put away then a pack and play?
How old a child for this crib to be used Can it be converted to be used as aplay pen How safe is it
How heavy a child will this bed suupport?
What size mattress does this take? Is it a mini crib?
What are the 2 mattress position heights? I'm trying to match the height close to the height of my bed to use the crib as an attached side sleeper.
Does this come with a certificate? I want one to use in childcare and must have the certificate with it.
Has anyone else had a problem with the mattress fitting the crib? Please advise if there is a non-standard mattress size. Thanks.
Does this have everything needed to convert it to a toddler bed? I don't want to have to order a seperate piece later.
Is the stationary side rail [non drop-down] a problem with anybody? Buying a crib for my daughter and wondering about this.
This crib shows wheels on the image, but is called a "stationary" crib. So the question is, does the final product have wheels to move it around ? thank you!
Is the crib really measures 54" D? Not 40" D? Thanks
What is the mattress support like for this crib? Is it a flat board or is it on springs?
Are the wheels removable? or optional?
Does it come with a mattress?
What are the 2 mattress position heights? I'm trying to match the height close to the height of my bed to use the crib as an attached side sleeper.
Does this come with a certificate? I want one to use in childcare and must have the certificate with it.
Has anyone else had a problem with the mattress fitting the crib? Please advise if there is a non-standard mattress size. Thanks.
Does this have everything needed to convert it to a toddler bed? I don't want to have to order a seperate piece later.
Is the stationary side rail [non drop-down] a problem with anybody? Buying a crib for my daughter and wondering about this.
This crib shows wheels on the image, but is called a "stationary" crib. So the question is, does the final product have wheels to move it around ? thank you!
Is the crib really measures 54" D? Not 40" D? Thanks
What is the mattress support like for this crib? Is it a flat board or is it on springs?
Are the wheels removable? or optional?
Does it come with a mattress?
What are the 2 mattress position heights? I'm trying to match the height close to the height of my bed to use the crib as an attached side sleeper.
Does this come with a certificate? I want one to use in childcare and must have the certificate with it.
Has anyone else had a problem with the mattress fitting the crib? Please advise if there is a non-standard mattress size. Thanks.
Does this have everything needed to convert it to a toddler bed? I don't want to have to order a seperate piece later.
Is the stationary side rail [non drop-down] a problem with anybody? Buying a crib for my daughter and wondering about this.
This crib shows wheels on the image, but is called a "stationary" crib. So the question is, does the final product have wheels to move it around ? thank you!
Is the crib really measures 54" D? Not 40" D? Thanks
What is the mattress support like for this crib? Is it a flat board or is it on springs?
Are the wheels removable? or optional?
Does it come with a mattress?
Would this crib be large enough to comfortably hold a 29lb 33" tall child?
What is the baby weight limit?
What's the difference between this crib and the lightweight one? Other than the more expensive one has no mattress and cheaper one comes w/ thin canr
can this crib be used for daycare?
Is this crib made out of pine or beechwood? The Dream of Me website lists beechwood, while other sites claim it's pine.
Exactly what size/brand mattress dd you get?
How high does the top of the mattress come? Looking to sidecar the crib to our bed.
What all these dimensions mean? Product Dimensions 40.8 x 29 x 6 inches???
I'm told that we need to wait to use the crib for several weeks to allow the finish to off-gas? That seems excessive to me.
Can it be converted to youth bed
Would this crib be large enough to comfortably hold a 29lb 33" tall child?
What is the baby weight limit?
What's the difference between this crib and the lightweight one? Other than the more expensive one has no mattress and cheaper one comes w/ thin canr
can this crib be used for daycare?
Is this crib made out of pine or beechwood? The Dream of Me website lists beechwood, while other sites claim it's pine.
Exactly what size/brand mattress dd you get?
How high does the top of the mattress come? Looking to sidecar the crib to our bed.
What all these dimensions mean? Product Dimensions 40.8 x 29 x 6 inches???
I'm told that we need to wait to use the crib for several weeks to allow the finish to off-gas? That seems excessive to me.
Can it be converted to youth bed
What are the 2 mattress position heights? I'm trying to match the height close to the height of my bed to use the crib as an attached side sleeper.
Does this come with a certificate? I want one to use in childcare and must have the certificate with it.
Has anyone else had a problem with the mattress fitting the crib? Please advise if there is a non-standard mattress size. Thanks.
Does this have everything needed to convert it to a toddler bed? I don't want to have to order a seperate piece later.
Is the stationary side rail [non drop-down] a problem with anybody? Buying a crib for my daughter and wondering about this.
This crib shows wheels on the image, but is called a "stationary" crib. So the question is, does the final product have wheels to move it around ? thank you!
Is the crib really measures 54" D? Not 40" D? Thanks
What is the mattress support like for this crib? Is it a flat board or is it on springs?
Are the wheels removable? or optional?
Does it come with a mattress?
Would this crib be large enough to comfortably hold a 29lb 33" tall child?
What is the baby weight limit?
What's the difference between this crib and the lightweight one? Other than the more expensive one has no mattress and cheaper one comes w/ thin canr
can this crib be used for daycare?
Is this crib made out of pine or beechwood? The Dream of Me website lists beechwood, while other sites claim it's pine.
Exactly what size/brand mattress dd you get?
How high does the top of the mattress come? Looking to sidecar the crib to our bed.
What all these dimensions mean? Product Dimensions 40.8 x 29 x 6 inches???
I'm told that we need to wait to use the crib for several weeks to allow the finish to off-gas? That seems excessive to me.
Can it be converted to youth bed
Would this crib be large enough to comfortably hold a 29lb 33" tall child?
What is the baby weight limit?
What's the difference between this crib and the lightweight one? Other than the more expensive one has no mattress and cheaper one comes w/ thin canr
can this crib be used for daycare?
Is this crib made out of pine or beechwood? The Dream of Me website lists beechwood, while other sites claim it's pine.
Exactly what size/brand mattress dd you get?
How high does the top of the mattress come? Looking to sidecar the crib to our bed.
What all these dimensions mean? Product Dimensions 40.8 x 29 x 6 inches???
I'm told that we need to wait to use the crib for several weeks to allow the finish to off-gas? That seems excessive to me.
Can it be converted to youth bed
Does the crib have different height levels?
Is the crib large enough for an 18 month old to sleep in? We are thinking of getting it for the whole summer (i.e. not just occasional use).
will it roll through a standard doorway without having to fold it down?
My baby hates the PNP mattress for sleeping overnight. Is this easy to fold and put in the back of an SUV for trip? Or is it too bulky w/the mattress?
Does this meet CPSC standards for Daycares?
What are the dimensions of this crib?
Is this easier to fold and put away then a pack and play?
How old a child for this crib to be used Can it be converted to be used as aplay pen How safe is it
How heavy a child will this bed suupport?
What size mattress does this take? Is it a mini crib?
What are the 2 mattress position heights? I'm trying to match the height close to the height of my bed to use the crib as an attached side sleeper.
Does this come with a certificate? I want one to use in childcare and must have the certificate with it.
Has anyone else had a problem with the mattress fitting the crib? Please advise if there is a non-standard mattress size. Thanks.
Does this have everything needed to convert it to a toddler bed? I don't want to have to order a seperate piece later.
Is the stationary side rail [non drop-down] a problem with anybody? Buying a crib for my daughter and wondering about this.
This crib shows wheels on the image, but is called a "stationary" crib. So the question is, does the final product have wheels to move it around ? thank you!
Is the crib really measures 54" D? Not 40" D? Thanks
What is the mattress support like for this crib? Is it a flat board or is it on springs?
Are the wheels removable? or optional?
Does it come with a mattress?
I'm new to this type of item. Is this for on top of the diaper or instead?
How do the sizes fit over cloth diapers? I'm reading that they run big, but I'm going to be using them over cloth diapers (thicker than disposables).
My daughter is small; 20 pounds at 2 years and about 34 inches tall. Wears size 12 months in Carters clothes. What size should I get?
do these work for swimming?
I am going to take my 9 month old to the pool for the first time. The pool requires a plastic over over the swim diaper. Could these work as a cover o
What's the best size for a 27 pounds boy? Thanks
Do you know if these work well with newborns... over a cloth diaper?
Are these good for nighttime? My son is fully potty trained during the day, I will just be using them at night and I have not really seen any reviews in regards to nighttime usage.
Is the fabric breathable?
Would these work as swim diapers if I use a disposable diaper inside?
why is so hard now to check out?
Do you know if these work well with newborns... over a cloth diaper?
Are these good for nighttime? My son is fully potty trained during the day, I will just be using them at night and I have not really seen any reviews in regards to nighttime usage.
Is the fabric breathable?
Would these work as swim diapers if I use a disposable diaper inside?
why is so hard now to check out?
Are these the older screw on models or the new "twist and click" models?
is this the old screw on model or the new "twist and click" model?
Is there a valve piece with this cup or is it just the lid and cup?
what type of spout does it have? straw/nipple hard/soft?
Is it safe for microwave sterilizer?
How long does it take to warm up 4 oz of milk?
does it fit with medela bottles?
Does it shut off automatically after time you selected has passed?
Is the bottle warmer portable?
Hello everyone! What is the power rating of this product (in watts)? Thank you!
Do the Playtex Vent Aire bottles fit!? Thank you ahead of time!
How do you warm up baby food? What containers do you use?
Does it work with avent natural bottles too?
is it portable
Does Dr.Brown's bottle warmer: Can I use this with avent bottles ?
would this work on a condo. we are fixing to sign a 1 year lease and I need to know if this would work, we cant do any modifications and our 3 year old grandson gets around any childproof locks.
Would this work for keeping my toddler in her room without entirely closing the door?
Does this work with folding doors? Like a bi-fold door?
Does this work on thick doors? Our door are 1.75 inches not standard size.
I have double front doors (only one is used regularly) - will this device: a) work on double doors? b) be strong enough for 8 year old "runner"?
Will this work on a front door that opens outward?
Can you disengage it from either side of the door?
Would this work on a front door?
Would this work on French doors?
Does this work on doors that swing out?
Is this actually made by Medela or is it just an adpater?
will a PISA car adapter work with Symphony?
Can I use any 12v car adapter with the Symphony pump, or does it have to be the Medela one?
What size is the plug the connects to pump? 2.1mm x 5.5mm? I have another use for it, but it needs to have this connector on the end. Thanks!
Does anyone else have a hard time keeping this connected to the pump? It falls out so easily on mine
What voltage is this adaptor?
do any of the dr. brown's nipples fit these bottles?
do these fit medela pumps?
Does these work with Medela slow flow nipples?
Do these include the little rubber piece for pumping?
Is it ok for microwave sterilization?
At the store, labels says made in china but amazon site say USA. Is it made in both places?
How to best clean such a fine and long spout, anyone??
My baby (12 months) gets really frustrated with most sippy cups because the flow is so slow. Does this one have a fairly fast flow?
I accidently threw away the instructions to this product. Do you have to sterilize all parts in boiling water for 5 minutes like you do with Dr. Brown bottles?
where is this made?
Can you remove the handles?
Does anyone know if the the bottom is interchangeable with a Dr. Browns bottle?
If assembled correctly, does this sippy cup prevent air bubbles from entering my baby's mouth just like the bottles do? Or is it just another cup?
Why is the item weight 3.7 ounces,but the shipping weight is 10 pounds&#xFF1F;
Blue or.neutral color?
Has anyone found an alternative product that does not have the "melting into the leather seat" issue?
Can this mat be kept up high in (like in the picture) for a rear facing car seat? I would like to use these when my son starts wearing shoes
Why were there so many complaints about the glue on the backing melting into leather?
What distinguishes the "Elite" DuoMat from the regular DuoMat?
I have a 2014 Honda Odyssey, can this product be placed at the second row center seat? I prefer the toddler convertible car seat in the middle.
Is this mat safe to use with a Graco SnugRide 30 car seat?
Will it work on a seat with no headrest?
will this fit a toyota prius? in the middle back?
Some reviews say that it's too small. What is the dimension of the seat area?
I have a Graco Snugride Classic Connect 30 and an Evenflo Symphony All in One. I can't find seat protectors by them. Will using Summer Infant void?
The website says you can not put this bag in the washing machine but has anyone tried this, or even hand washing?
How does the main compartment close? Zipper? Magent closure?
Is the bag stiff enough that it stays open, or does it flop all over when you are trying to get stuff out of it?
I noted one of the reviews saying Timi&amp;Leslie provides a 1 year warranty on this bag, is this also true if bought on Amazon? Thanks!
Do you ship to Belgium?
can this be worn as a backpack?
Do you ship to Cyprus?
Are these guaranteed to be authentic? Why is the informational photo written in a foreign language? Also, complaints of quality and smells...?
Does this really have a hood as stated? The same blanket in other patterns do not and I am looking for one without a hood but like the Abc's Update- thanks for all the responses!! We loved the a&amp;a swaddle blankets...I'm sure my son who loves the...
The product contains one piece of blanket or two pieces?
Is this blanket compact and portable for traveling and out and about? Ie. I have twins so will two of these fold up small enough to carry around?
Are these blanket warm enough for pretty cold nights? Doesn't your baby kick it off?
Has anyone had this problem? After washing it, the layers seemed to have separated. The top layer slides around, distorting the shape of the blanket.
The Star Bright dream blanket says it's a 2 pack. For $35.99? I'm assuming that's an error? Sold by Pro Store, fulfilled by Amazon.
How thick/warm is the fabric? Just worried about it getting hot for baby in the summer.
Can baby be placed in this carrier both inward facing and outward facing? From the photos it looks like only inward facing.
Does anyone know the length of the straps? I like a long tail :) Thanks!
Anyone know if these work with the delta Eclipse 4 in 1?? I have the black cherry delta ecplise and was wondering if these work with that crib as wel??
Does anyone know what the weight limit is for the bed when these are used to convert a crib into a full size bed?
Will these fit the Delta Bentley #7820?
Could this rail be used for other Delta crib models like Silverton ? Does it matter if the color of rail is different from crib itself ?
Has anyone tried these with the now discontinued Delta Silverton 4 in 1 crib?
Do these bed rails fit the Delta Canton 4 in 1 convertible crib Manufacture number 7888-6024?
Do you use bolts to attach the brackets to the headboard or do the brackets have hooks that hook onto the headboard?
Will these fit the Delta Eclipse Covert Crib?
Once you install these rails, do you need a box spring or can you place the mattress directly on top of the cross beams?
Are supports / cross rails for the mattress included or is this just the side rails? If not included, where can I locate mattress supports?
Anyone know if these work with the delta Eclipse 4 in 1?? I have the black cherry delta ecplise and was wondering if these work with that crib as wel??
Does anyone know what the weight limit is for the bed when these are used to convert a crib into a full size bed?
Will these fit the Delta Bentley #7820?
Could this rail be used for other Delta crib models like Silverton ? Does it matter if the color of rail is different from crib itself ?
Has anyone tried these with the now discontinued Delta Silverton 4 in 1 crib?
Do these bed rails fit the Delta Canton 4 in 1 convertible crib Manufacture number 7888-6024?
Do you use bolts to attach the brackets to the headboard or do the brackets have hooks that hook onto the headboard?
Will these fit the Delta Eclipse Covert Crib?
Once you install these rails, do you need a box spring or can you place the mattress directly on top of the cross beams?
Are supports / cross rails for the mattress included or is this just the side rails? If not included, where can I locate mattress supports?
How do you charge this? My daughter is looking for a night light that can't be unplugged for our 2 year old granddaughter.
Can you leave this charging and on all night, or do you have to remove it from the charging station to turn it on as a night light?
My son wants something he can read with at night without waking his sibling on the lower bunk with the big light. Is this bright enough to read by?
Is there an easy way to turn it on, in the middle of the night, for diapering and feeding?
How long is the battery time if leaving it on?
Is there a way to reset the night light? The Dino stopped working last night. No red light when charging doesn't turn on.
I'm looking for a red night light. Do you have to cycle through the different color settings every time you turn it on?
Blue light is bad to use because it stunts melatonin. Is there an option of yellow light? Can't imagine red wd be soothing.
Does the red charging light turn green when charging is complete? We've had ours charging for 12hrs and it's still red.
My question is in regards to batteries - are they included? What battery type does it take?
hi is it in scarlet red? the picture shows it to be of another colour.
Which colors do you have? thanks
Do you still have it in blue sky?
Is it just a pillow, or head support for an infant?
Does this work on the Maclaren Quest?
Do you ship to UK?
is it easily washable
Is it leather?
Is the blueprint style blanket included?
I was searching for this Product everywhere Online but i definitely cant find it in Europe. Would it be possible to ship it to Switzerlad? Please
Where are these spoons made?
where was this made? china?
Are the spoons coated with a lacquer or any other substance?
Does it go up and down with the window? As in, can I roll the window up and down and it automatically adjusts with it?
I have a Mini Cooper Clubman that has rectangle back windows (11' H x 26"W). What's the measurement of this product when NOT extended? Will it fit my window if installed vertically (i.e. opposite of how you show it in the picture)??
how many roller shades per package?
Does anyone know what the length of the pullout shade is when completely pulled out?
what is the width and length of the shade?
Could two of these be installed on one glass door, on top of each other? My dog could jump this 30 inch gate but if I could install two it might work
Can the glass sliding door be closed and locked while the gate is in place, or does the gate have to be removed first?
Can this be used outside on a porch
Will this gate fit a 24 inch wide doorway?
Can this be laundered in hot water and high heat dryer?
What kind of drawstring does this Kissa's Antibacterial Pail Liner come with? Is it a small elastic loop or a long cord or two cords or something else?
will this fit a 20 liter bucket?
Any tips to reduce odor? Now that my son is potty training, I am washing less frequently and his output is greater.
Is this the Version 2.0 of the Kissa's Antibacterial Pail Liner?
Original Ergo or Performance? Does anyone have any thoughts or advice?
Sport or Performance best for hot weather? We live in a very hot climate (India) and I'd love any input on which Ergo carrier is best for the heat?
LargeFrame ok? Any large parents out there with some feedback?
Why does it say Premmie in sizes? I want to buy it from this dealer but not sure because of the size info, Is this ergo the same size as others?
height restrictions for Ergo baby carrier: Will I be able to comfortably carry baby in this carrier or will it hang down too low on my frame?
Is this a genuine Ergo? Any proof?
Ergo weight limit? How come the ergo is strength and durability tested up to 90lb but their recommend only using it to 40lb?
Ergo Baby Carrier - Breastfeeding? Will the Ergo carrier allow me to do this?
Organic? How do I carry my robot baby? Seriously, they just made this for organic babies?
Would this work for a newborn?
Is this any different than the Kiddopotamus Snuzzler or the Summer Infant Snuzzler? Is it just for a carrier or can it be used in car seats?
Does this insert work with the BabyBjorn Original baby Carrier?
Has anyone reviewed the Performance model? Is is actually cooler than the other types?
What are the dimensions.?
I see many of you upgraded the hinges, what model/type did you buy? Where did you get them?
Is the top cover slatted? Im wondering if rain/moisture can get in?
Can the benches be removed so that the play area could be bigger?
How much sand?
overall size of sandbox
How many lbs. of sand did you use to fill the sandbox up? I know the spec say around 700 to fill the whole box, but i wouldn't fill it to the top.....
is there a bottom or a liner on this sandbox
how many bags are in one package?
About how many bags does each roll contain? I understand it's one continuous bag, but I'm curious how many full bags it equals.
can you use plastic grocery bags in it instead of the refills?
Can you use them for Adult Diapers like Depends or others?
Can you use them for Adult Diapers like Depends or others?
So this for 2 boxes of 2pack bags for diaper dekor plus?
Are these bags scented? Looking for an unscented option...
does it include the diaper pail?
Do these work with the older style Diaper Dekor?? we have the older style dekor...do they still make refills for that?
When ordering is there an option to buy the ultra soft version of the "vulli so pure tether" verse the soft version?
Is this made with food-grade paint like the original Sophie?
How soft is the product compared with 1) another sophie teether (Vulli Sophie the Giraffe Teether, Brown/White) 2) the banana brush teether ?
IS this a FAKE product? These are supposedly made in France yet the country of origin for this is China!
Can you clean it using bottle sterilizers?
is this teether BPA, pthalate, and PCV free?
Is this the same or different material as the original Sophie the Giraffe?
Are there any holes in this product where water may get inside and cause mold to grow?
How big is this item? (height &amp; width)
Which Sofie giraffe is better for a 6 month old?
Help with sizes on Kiddopotamus/Summer Infant Swaddleme: So do you know where to find it?
What is the difference between the small and small/medium?
Can this be used with arms out as well
Is the small going to fit my baby as soon as he's born?
Do you know if I can just purchase the bottle brush head? I don't need to buy the entire brush, just the head.
Does anyone know if this fits into Medela bottles? We're still using the 2 oz. storage bottles because my daughter doesn't eat much at once.
If water drips into the stand, does it stagnate in the stand or are there any holes for water to run out?
Is this BPA free?
how long is the whole brush, wanting to use for sports bottles
Do you know is it fits Dr.Brown's standard neck bottle? It seems quite large, no?
Are these appropriate for soup feeding for a toddler? Thanks!!!
Where are these made? I"m looking for spoons NOT made in China.
can i put this into a steaming sterilizer, if not, how can I sterilizing it?
Is it safe to put it in boiling water as I want to sterilize it before first use?
Amazon delays publishing negative reviews? Has this happened to any of you?
I see they are BPA free, but what is it made of? BPS, ABS, or true silicone, or another type of plastic/rubber?
Where are these made?
I am looking at the spoons from this set and the Gerber graduates kiddy cutlery. How do they compare in terms of width and depth?
Do you think an 11 mo old is too young for this set? He has 5 teeth!!! thanks
What is the length of these pieces?
Are these dishwasher safe?
Is this lead free?
Are these appropriate for soup feeding for a toddler? Thanks!!!
Where are these made? I"m looking for spoons NOT made in China.
can i put this into a steaming sterilizer, if not, how can I sterilizing it?
Is it safe to put it in boiling water as I want to sterilize it before first use?
Amazon delays publishing negative reviews? Has this happened to any of you?
Is this melamine free?
Do the bottoms of the bowl and plate have ridges or all they smooth?
can these bowls and the plate be sterilized in a sterilizer
Does the bowl really no slip?
Is this lead free?
Are these microwave safe?
Can you put them in the microwave?
Can I use these for smoothies?
Does it leak badly if it's tilted and the straw is still out? My toddler wont close it everytime. I cant find a straw sippy cup that doesnt leak!
Is there a valve on the straw?
What are the age requirement for straw cup?
this produce has two bowls or one bowl&#129;H
where are they made?
are they microwave safe?
Does it fit with AVENT natural bottles and AVENT manual pump?
Is it BPA free?
Does it fit Dr. Brown bottles, nipples?
Does it fit all size dishwashers, like an 18 inch GE bought in 2010 . Sorry I repeated this question because of a typing error
Does it fit all model sishwashers, I have an 18inch GE bought in 2010
Is this safe only for the top rack, or can it withstand the heat of the bottom rack? My top rack won't accommodate this size basket, I'm afraid.
What are the measurements? 8"x4"? Anyone? Thanks!
Does these fit Dr.Brown 4 and 8 oz glass bottles themselves?
Do the Dr. Brown Wide Neck bottle parts fit in this basket?
Can I put skinny plastic straws in this basket without them falling out in the dishwasher?
Do you know if I can just purchase the bottle brush head? I don't need to buy the entire brush, just the head.
Does anyone know if this fits into Medela bottles? We're still using the 2 oz. storage bottles because my daughter doesn't eat much at once.
If water drips into the stand, does it stagnate in the stand or are there any holes for water to run out?
Is this BPA free?
how long is the whole brush, wanting to use for sports bottles
Do you know is it fits Dr.Brown's standard neck bottle? It seems quite large, no?
Do you know if I can just purchase the bottle brush head? I don't need to buy the entire brush, just the head.
Does anyone know if this fits into Medela bottles? We're still using the 2 oz. storage bottles because my daughter doesn't eat much at once.
If water drips into the stand, does it stagnate in the stand or are there any holes for water to run out?
Is this BPA free?
how long is the whole brush, wanting to use for sports bottles
Do you know is it fits Dr.Brown's standard neck bottle? It seems quite large, no?
I see they are BPA free, but what is it made of? BPS, ABS, or true silicone, or another type of plastic/rubber?
Where are these made?
I am looking at the spoons from this set and the Gerber graduates kiddy cutlery. How do they compare in terms of width and depth?
Do you think an 11 mo old is too young for this set? He has 5 teeth!!! thanks
What is the length of these pieces?
Are these dishwasher safe?
Is this lead free?
Does the top rotate to close the holes for travel?
Are these the same size (and thus interchangeable) with the other sippy cups by oxo?
What material is the top made out of? Plastic (and type) or silicone?
Is this glass or plastic? I'm looking for glass cups.
Is it easy to take down/put up? We need it on occasion, but would take down and leave the plastic mounts on the wall often...easy? Durable?
Has anyone had luck purchasing parts for this gate? My son broke the plastic hinge on the door. I am trying to determine if I can just by the door.
How hard is it to remove from the hardware if you want to move the gate?
Is this gate expandable? In other words, are there separate gate segments that you can attach to this gate to have it expand even wider than 141"?
Would you have to buy two gates in order to use them as a circular "play pen" or to block off the corner of a room?
I have a 122 1/2" opening between my dining room and living room. Will it fit there?
Is there any way to mount this gate without making holes in the wall?
What is the width of the gate?
My space is 87". Will it fit in that space? Is it sturdy so if a child leans on it it will not tip over?
What is the diameter of the hexagonal play pen when using two units? In other words, what is the widest space it covers when set up as a play pen?
Will it work for kitchen sinks?
what size in inches id this product?
I lost my bathtub drain cover - Can this be used to substitute that?
Will it work if the top of the drain is domed?
Does it work with the Prince Lionheart Flexibath Foldable Bathtub?
Will this work in a smaller RV bathtub drain?
Some of the posted pictures make this item appear baby blue in color? Is it baby blue or more of a true aqua?
I have a prep sink where the opening is 2". Will this one work?
Does this seal well enough to keep water in a tub overnight? I've tried another product and after an hour or so the tub slowly drained.
My bathtub has a vertical drain fitting on the side of the tub which acts as an overflow safety feature - will the Oxo plug work in a vertical plane?
I see they are BPA free, but what is it made of? BPS, ABS, or true silicone, or another type of plastic/rubber?
Where are these made?
I am looking at the spoons from this set and the Gerber graduates kiddy cutlery. How do they compare in terms of width and depth?
Do you think an 11 mo old is too young for this set? He has 5 teeth!!! thanks
What is the length of these pieces?
Are these dishwasher safe?
Is this lead free?
BPA Free? Can someone let me know whether these are BPA free?
Is the tray made of silicone or plastic?
Is this dishwasher safe?
How many ounces fit within an individual space within the tray?
Does the size/dimensions of the frozen cube allow for breast milk to be frozen, and then fit to put in a standard baby bottle?
If you take the covers off, can several of these nest when not in use?
Can you sterilize it?
Does this seal tightly and keep out freezer odors? I see conflicting reviews...
Can you put breastmilk in it?
where is this item made?
I am seeing this item elsewhere on Amazon and I'm having trouble verifying if the are the same as the Organic Beco Butterfly II Brown Base?
would this work for a plus size individual?
Is this organic or not? The links pointing to this page say it is, but neither the name at the top of this page nor the product features mention it.
We received this gate with the top having about a 4 inch gap where it should clasp on top. Is there something we are not doing to get this to close?
which is the distance between each bar?
Will this gate fit a 33 1/2" opening (almost 34") and a 35 1/2" opening? Thanks so much for your help!
I've seen some reviews that say the walk-thru is small. How wide is the walk-thru?
Are the hinges plastic or metal?
can this gate be installed so it's rounded out like in the video clip?
If our doorway is 29" wide will this fit? The ad is confusing: "28" 31.5" wide". Is it 28 or 31.5 at it's narrowest?
Is there anything under the bottom rail that would protect the floor from being scratched?
Does it fit in a sliding glass door?
i lost the tool that you use to tighten the extensions what can i do
How wide is the actual gate opening to walk through?
How is this gate adjustable from 29.5" to 40.5"? Are the metal wings on either side of the wood frame removable? Thanks for any help!
Does the gate door open 180 degrees so it can be kept fully open if desired?
What is the opening mechanism? do you have to pull up on the door top open?
Did this require tools to install?
I'm wondering about the color - I have the Summer Infant Decorative Wood &amp; Metal 5 Foot Pressure Mounted Gate, Brown/Black - does it match?
Does anyone know the exact measurement of the space between all of the metal bars. I am planning on using it for a small 3 month old puppy.
QUESTION! I realize this takes some tweaking to get it just right, but should it open when pulled on without pushing the little button?
Is there a way to keep the gate from auto swinging shut? how easy is it to open?
I purchased the summer infant wood and metal gate today, Brown/Black I have round stair post any suggestions on how to secure to round post?
What is the difference between the pioneer 70, frontier 85 and frontier 90
Is this still appropriate for a 7 year old at 45 lbs?
appropriate for 15 month old?
Latch system VS Vehicle seat belt system: Can I install my car seat (Britax Frontier 85) using the vehicle seat belt system rather than LATCH system?
How is this for long drives?
Appropriate for a 4-year old at 28 lbs? Fits in '99 Honda Accord? I know the minimum requirements for this car seat is: at least 2 years old and 25 lbs, but just curious if anyone knows if there are any disadvantages to using this vs. a regular...
Is the car seat tight/secure enough with seatbelt? My other britax has a clamp to hold the seatbelt tight, does this one have something similar?
where can I find a seat cover for this booster? I have a chance to buy a seat w/o a cover
I can't decide between the frontier or Parkway SGL for my 44 lb 5.5 year old.....he still fits in his marathon but we need a third carseat..,
I want to know about manufacturing date (and expiration date), is it 2012 or 2013? Thank you!
I have the new frontier 90 and tightening my daughter is very difficult. Is the 85 easy to tighten like the boulevard or marathon?
Does anyone know if you can get a cover for this? I bought it in pink, but now want to use for a little boy. thanks!
Can I use this gor my 2.5 yr old daughter who is 28 lbs, 37"?
What is the difference between the pioneer 70, frontier 85 and frontier 90
Is this still appropriate for a 7 year old at 45 lbs?
appropriate for 15 month old?
Latch system VS Vehicle seat belt system: Can I install my car seat (Britax Frontier 85) using the vehicle seat belt system rather than LATCH system?
How is this for long drives?
Appropriate for a 4-year old at 28 lbs? Fits in '99 Honda Accord? I know the minimum requirements for this car seat is: at least 2 years old and 25 lbs, but just curious if anyone knows if there are any disadvantages to using this vs. a regular...
Is the car seat tight/secure enough with seatbelt? My other britax has a clamp to hold the seatbelt tight, does this one have something similar?
where can I find a seat cover for this booster? I have a chance to buy a seat w/o a cover
I can't decide between the frontier or Parkway SGL for my 44 lb 5.5 year old.....he still fits in his marathon but we need a third carseat..,
What is the difference between the pioneer 70, frontier 85 and frontier 90
Is this still appropriate for a 7 year old at 45 lbs?
appropriate for 15 month old?
Latch system VS Vehicle seat belt system: Can I install my car seat (Britax Frontier 85) using the vehicle seat belt system rather than LATCH system?
How is this for long drives?
Appropriate for a 4-year old at 28 lbs? Fits in '99 Honda Accord? I know the minimum requirements for this car seat is: at least 2 years old and 25 lbs, but just curious if anyone knows if there are any disadvantages to using this vs. a regular...
Is the car seat tight/secure enough with seatbelt? My other britax has a clamp to hold the seatbelt tight, does this one have something similar?
where can I find a seat cover for this booster? I have a chance to buy a seat w/o a cover
I can't decide between the frontier or Parkway SGL for my 44 lb 5.5 year old.....he still fits in his marathon but we need a third carseat..,
What is the difference between the pioneer 70, frontier 85 and frontier 90
Is this still appropriate for a 7 year old at 45 lbs?
appropriate for 15 month old?
Latch system VS Vehicle seat belt system: Can I install my car seat (Britax Frontier 85) using the vehicle seat belt system rather than LATCH system?
How is this for long drives?
Appropriate for a 4-year old at 28 lbs? Fits in '99 Honda Accord? I know the minimum requirements for this car seat is: at least 2 years old and 25 lbs, but just curious if anyone knows if there are any disadvantages to using this vs. a regular...
Is the car seat tight/secure enough with seatbelt? My other britax has a clamp to hold the seatbelt tight, does this one have something similar?
where can I find a seat cover for this booster? I have a chance to buy a seat w/o a cover
I can't decide between the frontier or Parkway SGL for my 44 lb 5.5 year old.....he still fits in his marathon but we need a third carseat..,
What is the weight capacity for this step stool? How many pounds can it hold? Thank you.
how much weight will the stool hold?
I need Stool that is only seven inches high. Will this work?
Does it come already assembled?
Is the "Growing Up Green" logo removeable (sticker) or is it permanently adhered (painted)?
Where is this made?
Is the top non skid?
What are all the actual measurements of this stool?
Is this long enough for two toddlers to stand side by side at the sink?
What kind of wood is it?
can you roll down the window with this installed?
can you still see out of the window
Could this be applied on top of factory tinted windows. Do you think it would harm the factory tint if pulled off later?
What kind of UV protections is offered with this product?
Does this product ship to the Dominican Republic?
Is it 13" in Height? Is it 20.5" in width? Thanks
Does it fit in a 2008 Jeep Wrangler Sahara?
Can you use them on the back window (not the rear passenger windows, but the back window)?
will it adhere/stay on a cold window?
Does this window cling have an even tint (same color all over) or is it the kind that has tiny black dots all over it?
Does this product prevent someone (a burglar) from using a crow bar to lift out the sliding door?
The description says no key but I see a small key? Does anyone have this "new" feature? Do you have to use the key everytime you want to lock the door
Is this lock really burglar proof?
Does this have a key lock to open from the outside? I want to burglarproof my door with the ability to lock from the outside.
We have sliders with miniblinds in between the glass. Will this work on that type of slider?
The shim is not thick enough to work on my doors. I am concerned if I make a custom thicker one, that then the regular patio door lock will not lock-?
Does this lock fit a Pella sliding glass door?
For a triple slider (3, 10' x 4' doors) do I need to buy one for each end or do they come in a pack of 2? Also, can't my middle slider be lifted?
how does it actually look on the door ? it appears in the pictures &amp; video to look very "clunky" large.
item does not state what color it is
would a fortune cookie print fit in the rectangular location at the bottom center?
Is the frame big enough to have prints from a an average 1 year old? (I know the ink pad won't be...)
My baby's foot is almost 4 inches, alhough it would not fit in the ink pad (since somebody said it's 2x3), would it fit in the paper of the frame?
Is this a desktop frame too?
What's the quality like of the paper? Is there any mention of it being acid free/archival?
what are the dimensions of the ink pad?
What size photos fits inside this frame?
Can this be hung on the wall?
What size photo does the frame support?
WHat is the maximum weight it should hold?
Is it hard to open the side by yourself after baby is already in it?
Can you unclip at side and insert baby front facing rather than putting baby in and out from the top? Reviews were contradictory on this.
Can you adjust the straps by yourself if you are already walking with the baby in it?
is this suitable to use for 8 weeks infant.?
Can you wear baby on your back?
Did any one wash this baby carrier? My one color faded when dip in water after awhile? Is this normal?
Can you sit baby towards you with the legs hanging down, rather than spread on the sides
Can I sit with baby in a front facing carrier? I like to play piano hands free with baby securely held on my 'lap.'
How long did size 1 work?
Should I boil them for 30 minutes and cold wash before use? What should I do before use? What kind of detergent do you recommend?Thanks
How many do i need for a newborn?
is this for newborns?
What heat setting for the dryer should you use?
Is this all I need to go with the Thirsties Duo Wrap Cover or is there something else? I am a little overwhelmed learning about cloth diapering!
I prepped those prefolders using warm washes, four times and dry between them. But I find them balling up. Is it normal? How to deal with it? Thanks!
does this come with snappi diaper fastners or do I need them?
Are these very bulky when pad-folded? Right now, I'm using 4x6 diapers, which are very trim, but I need more and these are cheaper.
Just switched from the size 1 for my 4 month old who is 15 lbs, but they are huge! Suggestion for how you made them fit?
I'm wondering the average size of the size 2's after shrinking...I have an up and coming chubbers! Could anyone share measurements after washing?
Is there a larger size than size 2
Are there tags on these? Oddly, to my 2 year old, a very important part of the burp cloth turned "binkie-blankie." Thanks! :)
How many layers are each of the two sizes?
Do you need to get diaper pins for these or are there snaps in them?
Has anyone found that the Size 2 diaper isn't wide enough? My little guy is only 18 pounds but it seems to be a really tight fit width-wise w/ Snappis
Read reviews still super confused. What all do I need to buy with this to start being able to use?
I purchased this cover and some thirsties duo inserts. They don't seem to go together. Does the duo insert just lay in the cover? No way to secure it
How many of these will I need to get me started. For example, how many will I need to get through 1 day with a newborn? Thank you !
Is this product machine washable?
How does this diaper work? Is it like Econobum or Flip, where you put a folded prefold/insert flat in, or diaper in a prefold and cover?
How many covers are needed if you want to do laundry every other day?
We're TTC #2 and I'm seriously considering cloth diapering this time around. Any known leakage issues or latex bands with this set?
Has anyone tried these with a newborn?
Can these covers be used while the cord stump is still healing? By folding down the top or something?
I've seen this same diaper with either 3 or 2 snaps in the front. Does this one have 2 or 3 snaps? Any pros to snaps vs velcro?
Read reviews still super confused. What all do I need to buy with this to start being able to use?
I purchased this cover and some thirsties duo inserts. They don't seem to go together. Does the duo insert just lay in the cover? No way to secure it
How many of these will I need to get me started. For example, how many will I need to get through 1 day with a newborn? Thank you !
Is this product machine washable?
How does this diaper work? Is it like Econobum or Flip, where you put a folded prefold/insert flat in, or diaper in a prefold and cover?
How many covers are needed if you want to do laundry every other day?
We're TTC #2 and I'm seriously considering cloth diapering this time around. Any known leakage issues or latex bands with this set?
Has anyone tried these with a newborn?
Can these covers be used while the cord stump is still healing? By folding down the top or something?
I've seen this same diaper with either 3 or 2 snaps in the front. Does this one have 2 or 3 snaps? Any pros to snaps vs velcro?
Read reviews still super confused. What all do I need to buy with this to start being able to use?
I purchased this cover and some thirsties duo inserts. They don't seem to go together. Does the duo insert just lay in the cover? No way to secure it
How many of these will I need to get me started. For example, how many will I need to get through 1 day with a newborn? Thank you !
Is this product machine washable?
How does this diaper work? Is it like Econobum or Flip, where you put a folded prefold/insert flat in, or diaper in a prefold and cover?
How many covers are needed if you want to do laundry every other day?
We're TTC #2 and I'm seriously considering cloth diapering this time around. Any known leakage issues or latex bands with this set?
Has anyone tried these with a newborn?
Can these covers be used while the cord stump is still healing? By folding down the top or something?
I've seen this same diaper with either 3 or 2 snaps in the front. Does this one have 2 or 3 snaps? Any pros to snaps vs velcro?
Read reviews still super confused. What all do I need to buy with this to start being able to use?
I purchased this cover and some thirsties duo inserts. They don't seem to go together. Does the duo insert just lay in the cover? No way to secure it
How many of these will I need to get me started. For example, how many will I need to get through 1 day with a newborn? Thank you !
Is this product machine washable?
How does this diaper work? Is it like Econobum or Flip, where you put a folded prefold/insert flat in, or diaper in a prefold and cover?
How many covers are needed if you want to do laundry every other day?
We're TTC #2 and I'm seriously considering cloth diapering this time around. Any known leakage issues or latex bands with this set?
Has anyone tried these with a newborn?
Can these covers be used while the cord stump is still healing? By folding down the top or something?
I've seen this same diaper with either 3 or 2 snaps in the front. Does this one have 2 or 3 snaps? Any pros to snaps vs velcro?
Read reviews still super confused. What all do I need to buy with this to start being able to use?
I purchased this cover and some thirsties duo inserts. They don't seem to go together. Does the duo insert just lay in the cover? No way to secure it
How many of these will I need to get me started. For example, how many will I need to get through 1 day with a newborn? Thank you !
Is this product machine washable?
How does this diaper work? Is it like Econobum or Flip, where you put a folded prefold/insert flat in, or diaper in a prefold and cover?
How many covers are needed if you want to do laundry every other day?
We're TTC #2 and I'm seriously considering cloth diapering this time around. Any known leakage issues or latex bands with this set?
Has anyone tried these with a newborn?
Can these covers be used while the cord stump is still healing? By folding down the top or something?
I've seen this same diaper with either 3 or 2 snaps in the front. Does this one have 2 or 3 snaps? Any pros to snaps vs velcro?
Read reviews still super confused. What all do I need to buy with this to start being able to use?
I purchased this cover and some thirsties duo inserts. They don't seem to go together. Does the duo insert just lay in the cover? No way to secure it
How many of these will I need to get me started. For example, how many will I need to get through 1 day with a newborn? Thank you !
Is this product machine washable?
How does this diaper work? Is it like Econobum or Flip, where you put a folded prefold/insert flat in, or diaper in a prefold and cover?
How many covers are needed if you want to do laundry every other day?
We're TTC #2 and I'm seriously considering cloth diapering this time around. Any known leakage issues or latex bands with this set?
Has anyone tried these with a newborn?
Can these covers be used while the cord stump is still healing? By folding down the top or something?
I've seen this same diaper with either 3 or 2 snaps in the front. Does this one have 2 or 3 snaps? Any pros to snaps vs velcro?
Read reviews still super confused. What all do I need to buy with this to start being able to use?
I purchased this cover and some thirsties duo inserts. They don't seem to go together. Does the duo insert just lay in the cover? No way to secure it
How many of these will I need to get me started. For example, how many will I need to get through 1 day with a newborn? Thank you !
Is this product machine washable?
How does this diaper work? Is it like Econobum or Flip, where you put a folded prefold/insert flat in, or diaper in a prefold and cover?
How many covers are needed if you want to do laundry every other day?
We're TTC #2 and I'm seriously considering cloth diapering this time around. Any known leakage issues or latex bands with this set?
Has anyone tried these with a newborn?
Can these covers be used while the cord stump is still healing? By folding down the top or something?
I've seen this same diaper with either 3 or 2 snaps in the front. Does this one have 2 or 3 snaps? Any pros to snaps vs velcro?
Read reviews still super confused. What all do I need to buy with this to start being able to use?
I purchased this cover and some thirsties duo inserts. They don't seem to go together. Does the duo insert just lay in the cover? No way to secure it
How many of these will I need to get me started. For example, how many will I need to get through 1 day with a newborn? Thank you !
Is this product machine washable?
How does this diaper work? Is it like Econobum or Flip, where you put a folded prefold/insert flat in, or diaper in a prefold and cover?
How many covers are needed if you want to do laundry every other day?
We're TTC #2 and I'm seriously considering cloth diapering this time around. Any known leakage issues or latex bands with this set?
Has anyone tried these with a newborn?
Can these covers be used while the cord stump is still healing? By folding down the top or something?
I've seen this same diaper with either 3 or 2 snaps in the front. Does this one have 2 or 3 snaps? Any pros to snaps vs velcro?
Read reviews still super confused. What all do I need to buy with this to start being able to use?
I purchased this cover and some thirsties duo inserts. They don't seem to go together. Does the duo insert just lay in the cover? No way to secure it
How many of these will I need to get me started. For example, how many will I need to get through 1 day with a newborn? Thank you !
Is this product machine washable?
How does this diaper work? Is it like Econobum or Flip, where you put a folded prefold/insert flat in, or diaper in a prefold and cover?
How many covers are needed if you want to do laundry every other day?
We're TTC #2 and I'm seriously considering cloth diapering this time around. Any known leakage issues or latex bands with this set?
Has anyone tried these with a newborn?
Can these covers be used while the cord stump is still healing? By folding down the top or something?
I've seen this same diaper with either 3 or 2 snaps in the front. Does this one have 2 or 3 snaps? Any pros to snaps vs velcro?
Read reviews still super confused. What all do I need to buy with this to start being able to use?
I purchased this cover and some thirsties duo inserts. They don't seem to go together. Does the duo insert just lay in the cover? No way to secure it
How many of these will I need to get me started. For example, how many will I need to get through 1 day with a newborn? Thank you !
Is this product machine washable?
How does this diaper work? Is it like Econobum or Flip, where you put a folded prefold/insert flat in, or diaper in a prefold and cover?
How many covers are needed if you want to do laundry every other day?
We're TTC #2 and I'm seriously considering cloth diapering this time around. Any known leakage issues or latex bands with this set?
Has anyone tried these with a newborn?
Can these covers be used while the cord stump is still healing? By folding down the top or something?
I've seen this same diaper with either 3 or 2 snaps in the front. Does this one have 2 or 3 snaps? Any pros to snaps vs velcro?
Read reviews still super confused. What all do I need to buy with this to start being able to use?
I purchased this cover and some thirsties duo inserts. They don't seem to go together. Does the duo insert just lay in the cover? No way to secure it
How many of these will I need to get me started. For example, how many will I need to get through 1 day with a newborn? Thank you !
Is this product machine washable?
How does this diaper work? Is it like Econobum or Flip, where you put a folded prefold/insert flat in, or diaper in a prefold and cover?
How many covers are needed if you want to do laundry every other day?
We're TTC #2 and I'm seriously considering cloth diapering this time around. Any known leakage issues or latex bands with this set?
Has anyone tried these with a newborn?
Can these covers be used while the cord stump is still healing? By folding down the top or something?
I've seen this same diaper with either 3 or 2 snaps in the front. Does this one have 2 or 3 snaps? Any pros to snaps vs velcro?
Read reviews still super confused. What all do I need to buy with this to start being able to use?
I purchased this cover and some thirsties duo inserts. They don't seem to go together. Does the duo insert just lay in the cover? No way to secure it
How many of these will I need to get me started. For example, how many will I need to get through 1 day with a newborn? Thank you !
Is this product machine washable?
How does this diaper work? Is it like Econobum or Flip, where you put a folded prefold/insert flat in, or diaper in a prefold and cover?
How many covers are needed if you want to do laundry every other day?
We're TTC #2 and I'm seriously considering cloth diapering this time around. Any known leakage issues or latex bands with this set?
Has anyone tried these with a newborn?
Can these covers be used while the cord stump is still healing? By folding down the top or something?
I've seen this same diaper with either 3 or 2 snaps in the front. Does this one have 2 or 3 snaps? Any pros to snaps vs velcro?
Read reviews still super confused. What all do I need to buy with this to start being able to use?
I purchased this cover and some thirsties duo inserts. They don't seem to go together. Does the duo insert just lay in the cover? No way to secure it
How many of these will I need to get me started. For example, how many will I need to get through 1 day with a newborn? Thank you !
Is this product machine washable?
How does this diaper work? Is it like Econobum or Flip, where you put a folded prefold/insert flat in, or diaper in a prefold and cover?
How many covers are needed if you want to do laundry every other day?
We're TTC #2 and I'm seriously considering cloth diapering this time around. Any known leakage issues or latex bands with this set?
Has anyone tried these with a newborn?
Can these covers be used while the cord stump is still healing? By folding down the top or something?
I've seen this same diaper with either 3 or 2 snaps in the front. Does this one have 2 or 3 snaps? Any pros to snaps vs velcro?
Read reviews still super confused. What all do I need to buy with this to start being able to use?
I purchased this cover and some thirsties duo inserts. They don't seem to go together. Does the duo insert just lay in the cover? No way to secure it
How many of these will I need to get me started. For example, how many will I need to get through 1 day with a newborn? Thank you !
Is this product machine washable?
How does this diaper work? Is it like Econobum or Flip, where you put a folded prefold/insert flat in, or diaper in a prefold and cover?
How many covers are needed if you want to do laundry every other day?
We're TTC #2 and I'm seriously considering cloth diapering this time around. Any known leakage issues or latex bands with this set?
Has anyone tried these with a newborn?
Can these covers be used while the cord stump is still healing? By folding down the top or something?
I've seen this same diaper with either 3 or 2 snaps in the front. Does this one have 2 or 3 snaps? Any pros to snaps vs velcro?
Does this work at counter height for toddler withou tray?
Can you remove and wash the straps?
What is the height of the chair on the lowest setting? I want to know if it will fit under my table with a leaf.
How big is the BOX that the chair is shipped in? Thanks!
anyone know if you can purchase replacement straps?
how can I dissemble it?
Tray height?
Does this chair recline?
Does the ' easy to open packaging' mean 'used or returned item' ?
is the center strap that comes out of the white center piece adjustable? seems too snug for my big 18month old. we can adjust other straps, not center
Does this work at counter height for toddler withou tray?
Can you remove and wash the straps?
What is the height of the chair on the lowest setting? I want to know if it will fit under my table with a leaf.
How big is the BOX that the chair is shipped in? Thanks!
anyone know if you can purchase replacement straps?
how can I dissemble it?
Tray height?
Does this chair recline?
Does the ' easy to open packaging' mean 'used or returned item' ?
is the center strap that comes out of the white center piece adjustable? seems too snug for my big 18month old. we can adjust other straps, not center
Does this work at counter height for toddler withou tray?
Can you remove and wash the straps?
What is the height of the chair on the lowest setting? I want to know if it will fit under my table with a leaf.
How big is the BOX that the chair is shipped in? Thanks!
anyone know if you can purchase replacement straps?
how can I dissemble it?
Tray height?
Does this chair recline?
Does the ' easy to open packaging' mean 'used or returned item' ?
is the center strap that comes out of the white center piece adjustable? seems too snug for my big 18month old. we can adjust other straps, not center
Carseat connection: Can this stroller be used w/ a Graco carseat?
What are the folded dimensions of this stroller?
Does it Require a Carseat?
Folded up size? Can anyone tell me the dimensions of this stroller when folded up?
how do i blow the air into it, how do i set up
Is there a tab or anyway to hang this tub up on a suction hook? The tub I have now has it and it's great for drying.
What's the max size (length/weight) baby that can fit into this comfortably?
Have anyone use it when travelling, like in hotel's tubs?
does it have a drain
Can two of these fit in a tub? Such as for twins to bathe separately yet at the same time (if that makes sense)?
Is there room for a 2 y.o. to sit in the large tub while this inflatable tub is in there? I bathe both kids at the same time.
Hi, what are the interior measurements please? Of the exact amount of room for child to sit in once it's inflated? Thanks!
Is the base of this tub flat or does it have anything coming up - wondering if this is good to air dry my baby where I can lay him flat without diaper
can it be permanently attached to the stroller?
Is it vented to allow air flow? If so, where is it vented?
Is it vented on the sides to allow airflow?
Will this work for 4 wheel britax b agile or bob motion (4 wheel)? Thanks
Will this work on a Baby Jogger FIT jogging stroller? Thanks!
Will this also work on an umbrella stroller?
can it work with a city mini 2012?
I am seeing this item elsewhere on Amazon and I'm having trouble verifying if the are the same as the Organic Beco Butterfly II Brown Base?
would this work for a plus size individual?
Is this organic or not? The links pointing to this page say it is, but neither the name at the top of this page nor the product features mention it.
I am seeing this item elsewhere on Amazon and I'm having trouble verifying if the are the same as the Organic Beco Butterfly II Brown Base?
would this work for a plus size individual?
Is this organic or not? The links pointing to this page say it is, but neither the name at the top of this page nor the product features mention it.
I am seeing this item elsewhere on Amazon and I'm having trouble verifying if the are the same as the Organic Beco Butterfly II Brown Base?
would this work for a plus size individual?
Is this organic or not? The links pointing to this page say it is, but neither the name at the top of this page nor the product features mention it.
I am seeing this item elsewhere on Amazon and I'm having trouble verifying if the are the same as the Organic Beco Butterfly II Brown Base?
would this work for a plus size individual?
Is this organic or not? The links pointing to this page say it is, but neither the name at the top of this page nor the product features mention it.
Are these bottles standard size? I want to use them with my meldela pump.
What number nipples come with these?
Do dr brown nipples work with these?
How much of a tint do these bottles have? I want a clear bottle but not glass.
Is this for 9 month olds
What is the best way to clean? Can they be cleaned with microwave or counter sterilizer?
Does these bottles fit with the Enfamil Standard Flow Nipples?
Do these come with a storage cap other than the nipple? I am looking for extra bottles for breastmilk storage when I travel.
Does this include the whole parts in the picture or is it just the part that fits over the breast on the end?
What size is it?
when this comes is it exactly what is pictured with the part that screws to the bottle or just the cone part that rests on you?
Do these come loose or in a box?
Is this sold as a pair or as a single?
Has anyone travelled internationlly with this stroller?did it fit in the overhead compartment? Would this work for a 12 month old?weight capacity?
does stroller come with rain cover? thanks
Will my tall toddlers feet drag on the ground?
I have a 43 inch, 38 pound toddler. Is this too small? We love our city mini, but it's heavy for travel. If not the chicco, any travel stroller ideas?
newborn
what is the weight capacity of this stroller?
Is this stroller comfortable to use for tall people? Like 6ft tall?
The item description says it weighs 12 lbs but a video I saw says it weighs 17 lbs. Which is correct?
does it have a cup holder
that car is fully baby lying in one of its positions????
Can the Chicco Liteway Surf accomodate a carseat
Is there a snack tray or belly bar that would be compatible with this stroller?
What is the childs maximum weight it can hold?
What are the wheels made of? Is the stroller good for tqll toddlers* 33"+
How to I get the wheels to roll? I have it packed up for travel but the wheels won't roll!
CAN IT HOLD UP TO 50 POUNDS
Please let me know the shipping dimension and shipping weight for this item. Thanks
Is there supposed to be a cover for the changing table? We just got ours and it is like a rubber material?
Can these bottles be used with liners (like the Nuk Seal'nGo)? Pump into the liners (held within bottle) and then freeze the liners later?
would these bottles fit with low flow medela nipples?
How tall are these bottles? Are they comfortable to use these with a breast pump?
this is a pack of two or just one bottle at this price? ... it is not clear from the title ,,, 2 each ?!
Will these bottles fit the Ameda pump?
What is the diameter of these bottles? I have a small storage area...
Will these fit in the Medela insulated cooler bag with ice pack?
does it come with a box? or, they are loosely packed in plastic bag only?
Are these glass bottles?
What kind of plastic are these? Are they polypropylene like other medela bottles?
Is this adaptor compatible with maxi cosi infant car seat?
wil this fit Phil and Teds Smart Buggy?
Will it work if it is classic primo viaggio, not SIP 30?
Will this work with the new Peg Perego Primo Viaggio 4-35 car seat that was just released?
Will this work with the new Peg Perego Primo Viaggio 4-35 car seat that was just released?
Has anyone compared this with the Guardian Sleeper baby sleep bag?
does it fit on mini crib mattress
Was the model of sleepwrap, indicated here as the model for sale, produced after October of 2012 and does it therefore have the extra Houdini strips?
Does the model being sold on Amazon have the third strap piece that comes up between the legs?
Will it work in a pack n play?
Can you swaddle a baby before using this?
Is the Velcro really noisy? I'm worried that it will wake the baby up.
Can you wrap baby's hand inside the Sleepwrap? Our baby moves her hands and startles herself awake...
Can you use this to keep an older baby on his tummy?
Does this come with the bottles shown in the picture? One reviewer said the bottles did not look like true Medela bottles.
I'm just learning about breastfeeding and everything. What is the tubing for? Where does this go? Sorry I'm a little naive when it comes to this.
Do the breast shields disconnect from the connector as shown in the picture? I need them to disconnect so it can be used with the pumping bra
Are the connectors in this set compatible for 27mm breast sheilds ?
Is this big enough for a 3 mo old baby who is 15 lb and 25"? How big of a baby is it good for?
Is this good for a newborn baby/ first bath? Is the mesh soft enough for newborn skin?
would this be good for a 6 month old? he slips n slides in the tub=/.
what is the fabric of this seat made of is it a natural or synthetic product, we are trying to get away from plastics
what is the product dimensions when folds. Can it fit in luggage for travel?
What is the footprint of this product? I'm trying to figure out whether it'll fit in my kitchen sink or not...
I have twins...can I fit two seats in one bath tub?
I have a 25+ lbs 5 month old and I am wondering how well this supports big babies?
Can you fill the tub with a little water while the baby is in this? Or would it start to float/tilt? Looking to bathe my 6 mo with my 2.5 yo safely!
Can anybody tell me if this chair is good for a 2-year regular weight child?
Will Eisenhower silver dollars fit in the slot?
Does it have a stopper to get the money out or will it need to be broken to get the money out?
Can you store bills easily in this bank (along with coins)?
what are the dimensions?
Do the kids heads flop forward when they fall asleep?
Do the seats recline?
What is the height? And is the handle adjustable?
How long does it take to switch between a stroller and a trailer? Can you do it without tools?
The brakes are loose...any ideas? We have put it together and tightened everything but it would still roll down a hill with my kids in it if I let go
Is the hand brake a gradual brake like on a bike or does it ONLY lock the brake?
does the rear window open to allow air to pass through
This brand does not make a single child stroller .. would one child sit in the center?
What's the height from the seat to the top of the trailer on the inside (trying to figure out how much space my son will have when he's sitting down)?
In Stroller mode, does the front wheel swivel?
Are the eyes soft or plastic?
Is the pacifier good for babies that breastfeed?
For what age is this pacifier? 0-3 month or 3+ month?
how do you sanitize it? can the pacifier be detached for cleaning?
breastfeed my 8 months. he takes no dummy, I would like to try this here. someone who has had a similar experience?
Is the binkie detachable from the giraffe?
I can't find a horse, deer or moose! Do they have those animals?
is it for newborn or there biger size
Is any part of the pacifier made of plastic?
Is this giraffe really pink? If it is exactly as the picture shows?
difference in product: What is the difference between Ameda Carry all and Ameda ultra lite?
Does this kit come with the AC adapter?
what is the size of nipples fit? i need 30.5 cm
as The product was Discontinued, where can I buy the accessories&iuml;&frac14;&#159;if the new one can still work on it&iuml;&frac14;&#159;how many different size of breast shields includ&iuml;&frac14;&#159;
What's the difference from Ameda Purely Yours Double Electric Breast pump
Do I need an adaptor if I'm to use it in Asia?
Is this a double electric breast pump as shown? Does it come with three sizes of flanges?
i cannot get this to work! the diaphragms don't expand after contracting and i get NO suction. please help!!
When first purchased, is the hygienikit marked "sterile" or must it be cleaned prior to use? Also, for those who have used the pump for a while, would you recommend purchasing a spare hygienikit (how durable are the valves, etc.)?
Does it come with ice packs, extra nipples, charger, storage bottles, and a cooler bag as pictured?
What is the actual size? The only size I can find is the packaging size. I would also like the size for small.
what is the size of the medium and about how many pocket diaper do you think it'll fit?
quantity: is this for 4 bags?
What is the actual size? The only size I can find is the packaging size. I would also like the size for small.
what is the size of the medium and about how many pocket diaper do you think it'll fit?
quantity: is this for 4 bags?
How is this better or different from the Carlson Vit D3 drops?
Hi, what's the expired date for this drop? I would like to buy more if it's fresh enough, thanks!
What is the difference between the 90 drops size and the 1 pack size?
use for toddlers?
At first I thought the packaging was missing a dropper, but am I supposed to just wait for a drop to come out of the tiny hole?
Whether this is made in Canada or America?
Why do I get sometimes 2 drops when I turn it completely upside down? I just followed the instruction.
hello.what is the expiration date?
Is the refined coconut oil of a high quality?
What's the difference between 6 pack and the pack of 6?
Hi--does it fit the Delta Portable Mini Crib? Thanks!
Does this fit the DaVinci Kalani mini crib?
graco pack n play
Sheets
Does this mattress fit a Cosco foldable mini crib?
Does this mattress fit a Cosco Funsport Play yard?? The inside measures 25X36"
does it make noise when baby moves around?
Is this a foam or spring mattress?
Is the cover on the mattres a zippered cover?
can this be used for a great dame
What dimension crib mattress will fit this crib? I checked couple of cribs mattress and all have smaller dimensions compared to crib.
Does this crib come with the toddler conversion rail?
does this have formelyde in it
What are the 4 levels for mattress?
what matress i shoul get so it feets?
What are height of 4 mattress levels?
Would anyone know the packing dimensions? We need to estimate shipping costs. Thank you!!
What is the height of the front rail?
Can anyone tell me how much space there is underneath the crib? I'm just considering under-bed storage and want to know if that's even possible :)
how long is the chain?
Is this acceptable for a boy?
how long is the chain?
Also is it bigger than 1/2" long by 3/8" wide ?
what are the exact length and width of this necklace?
How far apart are the crib slats?
Does the conversion kit for a full size bed come with crib?
Does the mattresses come with this?
Hello, can you confirm me the sheet size this crib uses? thanks!
What kind of wood is it made out of?
Does the crib have a fixed side?
Can you use a bed skirt with this crib?
Does this crib allow for different mattress positioning heights? A lot of cribs have 3 different mattress heights for as baby grows, so you're not bending over to put baby into the bottom all the time...Is this one of them?
Where can I buy the conversion rails? I can't seem to find it anywhere.
What does the mattress rest on? Wooden slats or wired base?
Is it nice for a 8 month old baby?
Is this nice for boys? I read one review had pink lining on inside of box.
Hello! Can you please confirm the length of the chain?
Would someone please verify the dimensions of just the cross? The ones that are given do not make sense.
Is the diamond real?
can someone confirm if the product if made out of gold? Should I understand is gold shower (sterling with gold shower) or it is 14K gold crucifix?
Does this item comes w/a chain and cross
Does it come with a chain
Is this smaller than Leachco Snoogle Total Body Pillow as the product dimension for that is 60 x 24.8 x 7.2 inches?
Hi, how firm is this pillow? I am 5'9'' and medium size. I am afraid if it's going to be short for me. What do you think?
Hi how big is the package it comes in? I am thinking about bringing it with me to my family abroad. Thanks!
Hello I bought this snoogle pregnancy pillow and love it. But can it also be used as a feeding pillow?
Has anyone used this in a Queen bed? Is it better for King?
What is the size of this pillow
Does this pillow come with a pillow case/cover?
How long have you been using the pillow? Has it gotten flat over time?
Can you use this pillow the other way so it doesn't block your husband from snuggling up behind you?
Hi, could I use the Snoogle Chic Jersey replacement cover on Leachco Snoogle Total Body Pillow? Thanks.
Does it fit baby trend jogger?
Does it fit a Graco FastAction Jogger?
Does it fit the schwinn turismo swivel single?
does this fit graco jogging strollers
Is it going to be fit on Britax B agile3?
does it fit baby trend expedition jogger?
Does it fit chicco activ3 jogging stroller?
will this fit an umbrella stroller
Does it fit the Baby Jogger F.I.T.?
fit the bob stroller
Will this fit three 8oz Comotomo bottles?
Would it keep my babys bottles warm?
Does this fit 8 oz Medela bottles and the Medela ice pack?
I want to use this to bring my manual breast pump (avent) and a 6onz bottle to work, would it fit in here?
My grand daughter weighs 17LBS and is 24 inches long Is this adorable cradle suitable for her right or what do you recommend?
I'm trying to figure out if this cradle is big enough for our daughter. She is 13 1/2lbs. and almost 24" long.
Does regular crib bumper fits?
Can it be fixed in order not to move when child will grow a little bit? My son stopped liking sliding after a while :)
how does it work??
would you recommend more than one bracelet for added benefits? also, do you leave it on during bathtime?
safety knotted like the description?
I bought two bracelets and a necklace over a year ago. The necklace broke almost immediately and the anklets are almost too small. What should I do?
My Son is 5mo, and 17lbs... would this bracelet work as a necklace until he gets a little more chunky to wear it as an anklet/bracelet?
what is the difference between the honey, lemon, and multi colored beads. Is the color the only difference?
Will this fit an adult?
What is the measurement for the bracelet?
Dangerous: Amber Teething Bracelets are a terrible invention! Did it occur to anyone that the first thing the baby will do is try to pull it off or bite it... then CHOKE on it???
How large, exactly, is the Baltic Amber bracelet? (inches please)
Does anyone know what size you would order for a child?
Has anyone tried this in older children with special needs, who have tantrums.? I am just wondering if this could be helpful for older kids?
so can you just put it under a sock on an ankle and it will have the same affect?
are the ambers raw or polished?
is this 100% real authentic certified Amber stone?
What is the size of this anklet? We lost our other one. My daughter is now 13 months and 20 pounds. I ordered another one &amp; it's too small.
Can this be used with strollers other than UPPAbaby? Specifically the Jeep Cherokee Sport Stroller?
Can I use this in the UppaBaby G-Luxe or G-Lite?
Can I use the snug seat instead of bassinett for my one month old?
Hiii, could i use this insert in the Britax B Ready stroller? thanks
Is this necessary to have (or put in registry) if I will also be already getting the Mesa carseat?
can you use the infant insert in the rumble seat? it's for my 5 month old that just needs a little support for naps.
How many hours does it take to thaw frozen breastmilk in the refrigerator stored in these bottles?
Are these standard or wide base cap collar rings? I want to purchase additional collars and bottle nipples, but unsure of the base size.
Are these bottles made by Medela?
can these bottles be connected directly to the breast pump, so i can pump into the bottle?
Can we freeze the bottles?
I see in the picture both the bottles and the lids are clear, do the lids not come yellow like the regular medela lids that are sold?
Do these bottles come with the corresponding lids, or is it just the bottles themselves?
Are these bottles compatible with collecting milk with medela pumps?
Are these the wider bottles or skinny ones?
can the bottles come in pack of 5 or 6?
will it fit for two high chairs? I have twins
Looking for a protective mat that my 4 year old niece can use on the carpet for playing with her Play Doh - will this work?
Why is this so much more expensive than the other splat mats on Amazon? Is it worth it?
Is that mat stiff? could I pick it up and spray it off in the kitchen sink?
Is this a non skid mat? Looking for something on slippery tile floor, underneath high chair that currently slides on tiles,
do you all machine wash the mat? does it hold up well?
what are the dimensions?
Will the Britax Boulevard "Click and Safe" fit on an airplane? Has anyone had experience using this carseat on airplanes?
carseats: what carseat should I buy for my 10 month old daughter?
when does this seat expire
Does this car seat fit in a Toyota Corolla?
Does head tilt forward sleeping in Britax Boulevard? Do the deep side wings prevent the child's head from tilting forward while sleeping?
These little containers are noted as 1 in x1 in, but what is the height of each?
Are the containers microwave safe?
Does the box say which country these are made in/come from?
will this leak? will the lid seal tight for liquid if I put lunch bag?
Is there a latch to keep this booster secure on the seat? Would you reccomend this seat? This exact model is not on the consumer reports for safety.
i can't find info on minimum child's weight and height?
Can you use this on an airplane?
How wide is this booster? I'm trying to find one that will fit in the middle space of my backseat between two other car seats.
What make and model is the high back booster car seat with the best overall ratings?
The product put together as shown is 4'7", what is the width of the tree assembled as shown?
It states it will apply on a slightly textured wall, but it also said it may not? We have textured walls and not sure if this will work?
I would like to use this above the molding on a wall, which leaves me with about 4.2 feet. Is it possible to angle the branches so they aren't so tall
After its assembled how big of an area on the wall is it and for buyers that have had it up for 3 months are you still satisfied?
Is it a matte look or gloss?
What is the packaging dimension of this decal?
Would this decal fit on a door?
are some of the fish small enough to fit on a tile, if you have tile walls?
How many stickers per page?
are these see-through so they can be put on a window or shower door (decorative on both sides?)
I want to put up on bathroom walls,which are painted drywall. Want option to remove in future. What needs to be done to remove decals from walls?
How well do these hold up in a humid bathroom environment? (I also have lightly textured walls.)
any idea if these would stick on wood paneling?....thanks!
Can these stick to the tiles on the bathtub wall? Thanks.
What is the best way to remove them from the mirror or bathroom tub?
Could I put these stickers on the outside of my glass aquarium for a background effect?
How many decals do you get on the sheet?
Does it have an outer lip/Edge to catch few crumbs and things and prevent food from going off the mat?
Would this be good to use at restaurants with baby?
How small is this?
How does fabric of hte seat compare against Grace Snugride 35 or 40?
Do you need any adapters to fit this Car Seat into Mia Moda stroller? If yes, where can I buy those? What is avg price?
Okay I have this carseat. Am I missing something or will this not fit in the front of a shopping cart?
I would like to simply findout is, do i have to buy the base separate or when i buy the car seat the base is included?
Does this have the lowered floor for the children's feet? Also, how much storage space does it have in the back?
How easy is it and how do you initially set it up, transition from trailer to stroller, and fold each time to put in the car?
I really like this trailer only one thing is holding me back from buying it. Is it really that heavy when using it as a trailer?
Does this one have a "sling" seat or is it more of stiff seat. Also what it the floor like, just fabric or does it have something more protective?
How does it do as far as protecting against the elements? Is it pretty good at keeping water out? etc? Also, how sturdy is the seat?
what is the weight limit for this?
how do you adjust the brakes for stroller use.
Is there a wheel lock that you can use when in stroller mode so you can stop the wheels from moving?
Does the front wheel swivel when use for a stroller?
Does the front and sides have both mesh and isinglass options?
Two monitors in same house? Can you use two of these monitors in the same house (different rooms), without any interference?
Input Voltage? What is the input voltage for the baby unit and parent unit?
Does anyone know if it is possible to have 2 monitors going at the same time in different rooms, or will they interfere with each other?
Can you turn off the "night light' in the baby's room?
Is it pretty light-weight and suitable for traveling to Europe?
Fahrenheit to Celsius Convertable? Is this product convertable fahrenheit tu Celsius?
Will this monitor work if I am in the basement and the baby is on the top level (of a 2-story house)?
Can you talk to the baby unit with the parent?
Can I use two angelcare monitors in my house at the same time? I need a sound monitor for my 2 year old and also want to use another for my infant?
Does this product support Asia 220V power socket?
is it microwave safe? i sterlilze everything thru there
What is the teether side filled with?
BPA free?
Is it BPA free and dishwasher save? Do I put it in the freezer before every use, if so how long it stays in the freezer? thanks
these storages work with the natural nipples?
I want to use Avent natural bottles for my upcoming newborn. If I use these for storage, will it be similar to the natural bottles if I add a nipple?
Is it compatible with medela pumps?
Does this set come with four of the blue rings that go into the bottle? I believe they're called adaptor rings.
Can you use these bottles with other brands of breast pumps (i.e. Medela)?
Has anyone used tiny bubbles on these shells? I emailed the company then found their "approved" detergent list but that one wasn't listed.
Do the newborn size Real Nappies diaper cover have a umbilical cord notch/cut-out?
Do these have a plastic-like wipe away interior or are they fabric lined?
Are theses latex free in the elastic?
Can I use these with any pre fold cloth diaper?
Has anyone used tiny bubbles on these shells? I emailed the company then found their "approved" detergent list but that one wasn't listed.
Do the newborn size Real Nappies diaper cover have a umbilical cord notch/cut-out?
Do these have a plastic-like wipe away interior or are they fabric lined?
Are theses latex free in the elastic?
Can I use these with any pre fold cloth diaper?
Has anyone used tiny bubbles on these shells? I emailed the company then found their "approved" detergent list but that one wasn't listed.
Do the newborn size Real Nappies diaper cover have a umbilical cord notch/cut-out?
Do these have a plastic-like wipe away interior or are they fabric lined?
Are theses latex free in the elastic?
Can I use these with any pre fold cloth diaper?
Has anyone used tiny bubbles on these shells? I emailed the company then found their "approved" detergent list but that one wasn't listed.
Do the newborn size Real Nappies diaper cover have a umbilical cord notch/cut-out?
Do these have a plastic-like wipe away interior or are they fabric lined?
Are theses latex free in the elastic?
Can I use these with any pre fold cloth diaper?
Anyone hear loud thumping or ticks while its going?
What kind of music or sounds does it play?
Can the remote be used to turn on mobile after being off all night? Otherwise, can I reach in the bedroom door in the morning and use the remote?
can it attach to a pack N play
Does music have to play while mobile is spinning?
Our crib has thick wood that rests on the top of all the rails. Would this be able to attach?
Anyone have problem with the remote? It is not working for me. No flash on the tip, no response of the machine. Checked carefully with the battery.
attach to crib
Would this attach to a bassinet?
What size battries are used for that?
Is it big enough for a 2.5 year old?
Does it enogh size for a 3 year old boy?
Is the splash guard removable?
Does it work as a step stool while the toilet seat is off? I want to know if we can use it as a step stool while using the seat on the big toilet.
can a 14 year old use it
it fit to any toilet seat ?
Does the removable seat have rubber or something underneath so it stays in place?
What is the packaging dimension?
How does the music go off? Is it a sensor in the seat, or 2 probes in the bowl?
Does it have a bag placement feature to remove the waste easily?
I used the device just a few time,then appeared an image in the receiver with the transmitter and one red "x" so I tried to pair it, and nothing?
i have problem with the camera. i turned off and now i cant turn back on. 2nd time it happens. now cant turn it on at all
does it work in the darkness?
Is the camera portion portable as well as the hand held monitor? I intend to take it camping and have no electiricty
I am thinking of buying this product to keep an eye on my elderly Grandmother who lives next door (approx 150 feet) and am wondering about the range.
Would this fit onto the side of a pack'n play?
Hi! About how many different songs does this play? Thank you.
Does this have voice activation if the baby cries or does a button have to be pushed to turn on?
Does it come with a remote?
Does the image on the ceiling rotate?
Does this have a setting where it plays the same song over and over, versus rotating through several different songs when on the music setting?
I saw some reviews saying there are better soothers out there that the baby can push the button on. Any suggestions? 9 mo old won't sleep!
can you see it if it daylight in the room?
Does the image on the mirror looks good or is like a distorted mirror image?
Does the image on the mirror looks good or is like a distorted mirror image?
How much does it vibrate? Is the vibration adjustable? (Current seat doesn't vibrate enough.)
Is it tris and bpa free?
What kind of battery does this take, and does one come with the bouncer?
Does this have a machine washable pad?
It seems this bouncer frame is easily moved by small touching. Is it normal? Or should i replace it?
Can you bottle feed in this bouncer?
We may have put it together incorrectly. There were no instructions for this chair. How can we take it apart, as the buttons locked in &amp; don't undo
Is it made in the USA?
has anybody noticed that the bouncer can cause the baby to get a flat head?
is the seat removable to wash?
If I buy a 2nd set of these(let's call the new purchase SET2, and the one we already own SET1)will the receivers from SET1 work with the SET2 monitor?
What is the voltage range for this product? I want to use it outside the USA with a 220-240 voltage.
Good afternoon! Friend can tell me if the battery charger is dual voltage? Can be charged in only 220 w or 110?
can you plug it in?
Can the baby unit operate off batteries too, or just the parent unit?
A lot of the reviews on other seats complain about a non skid sticky ness that leaves behind residue or else adheres to the seat. Does this have that?
Does it fit for Isofix car seat?
Will this work in the middle seat of a small sedan (Honda Civic)? Wondering if it's too wide for the middle.
will be buying it for the pouch, (extra storage) hence adults (not infant seats) will sit on it...how stable? how comfortable?
Does this get in the way of the LATCH system?
Does the back stay up when there is a rear-facing, convertible car seat in place? I don't want my two year old to mark up the seat with his shoes.
Wondering about content of material - is there PVC/vinyl in it?
What is the material in this product? Is any part of it vinyl/PVC?
does this meet the requirements for airplane travel
I saw a video on another site that showed a valve that you turn to fill the Buublebum automatically but the description and others here mention blowing into it. Which is it? Thanks.
Does the instructions provided seem to be clear and understanding for all who have purchased it?
can this be used with a ride safer or saferide carseat vest?
Youngest kid?
I bought two bubble bums in November 2012 and the air in one of them won't stay in. I can hear it escaping but I can't feel the air come out anywhere
Are the American ones the same as the European ones? I need a car seat that is UK approved...
is it safe to use for occasional use on travel with a toddler who is 2.5 years old and weighs 35lbs??/
Why does the black version say it is good for up to 100 lbs, but the purple says its only good to 80lbs?
Can it work with Bugaboo the new bee3? with maxi cosi? thanks!
does this work for Maxi-Cosi baby car seat Pebble?which item number is 63001-87508?
Does this adaptor works with the new Bugaboo Bee 3 latest version? thks
Does this work with the new bugaboo bee 3 and maxi cosi cabrio fix?
Does this adapter work well with the bugaboo bee 3 and cyber aton q car seat?
What is the best car seat for the Bugaboo bee3? Any particular must-have accessories?
Can it work with the new bugaboo bee 3 and the cybex aton 2?
I need to bugaboo bee 2009, DOES IT WORK????? thank you for your answer!
Does this work for Maxi Cosi Prezi with Bugaboo Bee?
Does anyone know if this adapter will work for the Maxi Cosi booster seat to the Bugaboo Stroller?
with If there is hot water/formula in the bottle does the outside get hot as well?
does it come with slow flow nipple and travel cap?
Is bottle compatible with "natural" Avent nipple
did the bottles hold any smell? I have stainless steel bottle for water and at times does have a slight smell...
Will it fit in a Corolla trunk? Has anyone put it in a Corolla or similar sedan?
Is the push handle adjustable for taller parents to push comfortably without being hunched over?
Is handle adjustable....Would tall parent kick the stroller while walking? Does this stroller have an adjustable handle?
Does it come with a rain cover?
Any idea if this will fit into the trunk of a 2011 Prius?
Toddler facing forward in the back? Has anyone found a safe way to face a toddler forward in the backseat?
Infant carrier in the back?? Has anyone tried to put the infant carrier in the back part?
Any tried to put the infant carrier in the back? There was no baby in it yet, however, so I was just wondering about the weight distribution if the front was empty - will it tip backwards??
Does the snack tray swivel open for easy access to the front seat,or does it have to be manually removed (i.e. taken completely off)?
Does this fit a chicco car seat?
Will it fit in a Corolla trunk? Has anyone put it in a Corolla or similar sedan?
Is the push handle adjustable for taller parents to push comfortably without being hunched over?
Is handle adjustable....Would tall parent kick the stroller while walking? Does this stroller have an adjustable handle?
Does it come with a rain cover?
Any idea if this will fit into the trunk of a 2011 Prius?
Toddler facing forward in the back? Has anyone found a safe way to face a toddler forward in the backseat?
Infant carrier in the back?? Has anyone tried to put the infant carrier in the back part?
Any tried to put the infant carrier in the back? There was no baby in it yet, however, so I was just wondering about the weight distribution if the front was empty - will it tip backwards??
Does the snack tray swivel open for easy access to the front seat,or does it have to be manually removed (i.e. taken completely off)?
Does this fit a chicco car seat?
Will it fit in a Corolla trunk? Has anyone put it in a Corolla or similar sedan?
Is the push handle adjustable for taller parents to push comfortably without being hunched over?
Is handle adjustable....Would tall parent kick the stroller while walking? Does this stroller have an adjustable handle?
Does it come with a rain cover?
Any idea if this will fit into the trunk of a 2011 Prius?
Toddler facing forward in the back? Has anyone found a safe way to face a toddler forward in the backseat?
Infant carrier in the back?? Has anyone tried to put the infant carrier in the back part?
Any tried to put the infant carrier in the back? There was no baby in it yet, however, so I was just wondering about the weight distribution if the front was empty - will it tip backwards??
Does the snack tray swivel open for easy access to the front seat,or does it have to be manually removed (i.e. taken completely off)?
Does this fit a chicco car seat?
How does this differ from the regular Safety 1st Air On Board 35 (non-SE) infant car seat?
it comes with the base or do I have to purchase separately?
Does this seat not have a visor? The picture doesn't show one.
is this easy to clean?
any recommendations for a walker for a dwarf?
Is there any way to get the seat out to be machine washed?
Is this walker good for tall babies
Hi my son is 7moths old is this good for him know ?
where it made?
Portable exersaucer for vacation? Does anyone have a portable/travel alternative that they can recommend?
Does it move on the carpet or rug?
is it compatible with graco car seats?
need connector snap, ours came broken. does anyone know where i might be able to get parts, this is a new stroller that was given to us.
Is there a list of what car seats this stroller is or is not compatible with?
Does this snap in easily with the Peg Perego car seat? Or does it require additional strapping, etc? Thanks!
maxi cosi
Does this fit chaperone britax
will this fit the maxi cosi mico car seat?
baby trend
Is this dress pure white? We are looking at it to go with the DaVinci Parker crib &amp; the reviews for the crib say it is more of a cream color.
Has anyone had a problem with paint peeling on the changing area, specifically where adult would be leaning in to change the baby's diaper?
What is the height from the ground to where the changing pad would lay? (Was curious as to how high I would actually have to lift baby)
Does this disassemble easily? We'll need to move in about 6 months and are looking for an item that comes apart and packs (relatively) flat.
Are the top "bumpers" removable? i.e. is it possible to change this into a regular dresser?
Does anyone have this dresser and have a white pottery barn crib? I am wondering if they whites match?
Is there room on top of the table to store wipes, etc. or does the changing pad fill the space completely?
What is the ground clearance of this item? Don't want to block the heat vents. Thanks.
Is the changing pad included? Is it standard size?
How big are the interiors of the drawers? Are all three drawers the same size?
I am thinking for getting this for my 7 month old daughter. Is it too late for these? She seems to be napping well on these at her daycare.
Can you place this on a bed? We have a king bed and thinking if this can be placed in the middle while still letting mom/dad to sleep on either side.
Love this product but now our son is too big, anyone have any luck getting their babies to sleep in the crib after using this? No luck here.
Does this come with original box?
What are the actual dimensions of this product? Would it work for plane travel? Can it be packed in a suitcase?
I would like to know how long an infant can stay this. I have a 4month old and wondering if it would be to small and should I go up to the Leachco Pillay Sling. What are the dimensions of this one?
Is this comfortable using while breast feeding as well?
Is the pillow itself machine washable?
How firm is the filling in this? I have heard the Boppy version is firmer thus better for baby's back/posture.
Does anyone know of a sewing pattern or tutorial to make a custom cover for this?
I just measured the base of my bassinet and it is 15 1/2 x 31 1/2. Do you recommend that I get the 16" x 32" mattress or the 15" x 31"?
Has anyone tried this on a Delta Travel Sleep Solution? Does it fit perfectly or would I have to get the next size up? Thanks!
Do you need a mattress protector for this or just fitted sheet? What are the best sheets for it?
Is this firm enough for an infant to sleep safely on it?
Is the material water proof (plastic-y)? Or foam (soft)?
Do you need a sheet for this or can you let baby sleep on it directly?
Will this fit a delta children bassinet? What is the surface material?
Can I use this for Kolcraft rocking bassinet?
Is this 'Urathane foam' treated or made with Flame Retardants? We need to avoid excess chemicals.
Was the size as stated?
what size sheet would fit this mattress and does it have to be oval?
Is the surface soft (plush) or is it plastic-y?
will this fit a standard new moses basket?
Im wondering what shape this mattress is? I need something a bit smaller then 13x29 so this would work out great, as long as its oval.
Does it fit on the Peg Perego Navetta Bassinet?
Does the box say anything about whether it was crash tested for safety on a carrier bar?
Where are the lights located and how bright are they?
What are the names of the songs it plays?
How many songs it can play?
How do I clean this toy?
what batteries are required?
What size and how many batteries needed
On Amazon it says this has small parts and is not for Children under age 3. What???? Is it for babies or not???
Are they medium flow ?
pic shows 5 oz bottles but add say 9oz?
the description states 9-count. does it come with 3 bottles or 9 bottles??
Do these come with those leak disk things or travel caps, and do they hold up well to repeated freezings?
Can you boil these?
what type of nipples do these bottles come with? slow/med/fast flow?
Are these BPA free?
The description says, 'silicone bottle' are the bottles silicone or plastic? It appears that the bottles are plastic and the nipples are silicone.
Will these fit an Evenflo Manual Pump?
Can you buy faster flow nipples that fit on the 5 ounce size and what kind
Can I use other gerber nipples on these bottles?
Are there 9 bottles per order?
Do these bottles fit a Medela pump?
Do they come with caps?
How many years is the Recaro good for, when does it expire?
How is the ProRide on an airplane?
Will this fit, rear-facing, in a 2003 Toyota Corolla?
Does this seat's fabric provide good air flow? My current britax makes my son sweat a lot.
is this good for infant baby
How does the Recaro Proride compare with Britax with respect to Britax's Integrated steel bars? Does this seat have something similar?
When you pull the strap to tighten the chest straps, is it very easy? I want it to be easy to pull and for the chest straps to be very snug.
Is the padding on seat intended for all ages' use or should it be removed for older kid?
Recaro ProRide Blue Opal: Does anyone have the blue opal?
does it support isofix?
Is the Quinny Senzz stroller compatible with the new Maxi-Cosi Prezi?
I got the stroller, but I am also looking for a travel bag. Has anyone found a bag that works with this stroller? It does not have to be a quinny made. Thanks!
Can this stroller be used for infant?
What is the height ot he seat and how deep is it ?
does it come with a car seat ??or it is stroller only for this price??
Can we set the car seat (GRACO) on this stroller?
What is the height of the unfolded stroller? it says 28 inches, but that seems low to me.
which year Model it is? and what's the actual weight? a bit confusing. product description says it's under 16 pounds while item weight under production information says 19.5 pounds. Which is correct? Thanks!
Does it require two people to get your baby in the carrier and fasten/tighten all the straps?
Up to what age can it be used? I'm in US and want to buy for my niece in Africa whose baby is three months
I'm overweight are the straps long enough to go around a larger waist?
dimenciones what the packaging for shipment?
Is this baby carrier one adjustable size for all?
Does this come with the wonder cover bib?
Is the stripe red or pink? I'd like to use this with my son.
can this carrier be used for a newborn?
Can this product be used with a cat?
Can I carry the baby facing out?
is the Infantino Twist and Fold Gym, Baby Animals gymini machine washable and is the tummy time pillow removable?
How thick is the cushion? Would you lay it on a hard floor?
How do I get the 4 legs to bend into arcs as shown? Mine are straight and baby keeps kicking them and getting frustrated.
How hard do you have to twist the knob at the top of the arch to collapse the legs? Not sure why I can't collapse the gym.
product box dimension: Hi, could you provide me product box dimension?
the animals are musicals?????
Is the material slippery?
what's the maximun weight of baby the Carrier can handle?
did its good for new born baby?
Can you wear the baby in the backpack position without having someone else available to put the baby in?
What is the weight limit??
I am pretty wide will it fit my waist or does it go higher up?
min age/weight?
Which season is it used for?
Is this carrier strong, comfortable, and cool enough for day hikes?
What is the maximum width the backpack will go around a person?
The part that flips over in the front, can you get in defferent colors?
Is this carrier washable?
is this suitable for summer months with a newborn?
Does this product include Slobber towel? From product description, it has slobber towel in multicolor stripe, but i received not include this.
i purchased this item on October 2, 2014. when can i get it?
This product can be back baby?
made in china&iuml;&frac14;&#159;
can we put baby on back as well ?
Can I use this baby carrier for a baby with 1month year old? Thanks
Is this the 'crotch dangle' type of carrier? Some people seem to think it's a terrible thing. Any tips?
When is the earliest age that one can use this? I see the weight minimum, and our baby is way but I'm not confident of putting her in it.
What size child will this harness fit?
How would you rate the security of this harness? I have a fuzzy backpack type harness and my daughter is able to escape easily.
What color is the harness?
How does the strap attach to the harness? Is it stitched together? A standard "O" ring?? I am trying to determine if I can attach a longer tether?
Need to know what is the difference between the 1 Count and the 2 Count. Thanks
Where does the strap clip on in relation to the child's body/back? Could a small backpack be worn over the top?
what is the difference between the the 1 count size and 2 count size ? is the the 2 count size longer? because im looking for something long
my baby is 1 year old,can i use this for her ?also how long is the string?
Hi, how long is the leash and the strap (so i can see if it will go around him and a coat). Thanks!!
Based on reviews, I'm concerned about the durability of this back pack. How long would you say it lasted for you?
What color is it? It looks grey on one page and lavender on the other. Thanks.
Does this bag fit on a large man?
Are they reusable if washed?
Are these reusable or disposable?
can they be heated in the microwave?
Do you have to wash your nipple off before breastfeeding after wearing these pads?
Is it hydrogel inside and if so, is it pure? It is actually the hydrogel that we need.
What are the ingredients in these?
A pack of one means 1 pad or a pair? Can anyone who bought from this vendor please qualify? Thanks.
I adjusted the length of the strap to fit my kitchen drawers can I cut the remaining plastic trap?
How can I remove these? They broke but now I can't get them off of my cabinets. Help please!
Would these work if I were to use them on my oven?
How many years is the Recaro good for, when does it expire?
How is the ProRide on an airplane?
Will this fit, rear-facing, in a 2003 Toyota Corolla?
Does this seat's fabric provide good air flow? My current britax makes my son sweat a lot.
is this good for infant baby
How does the Recaro Proride compare with Britax with respect to Britax's Integrated steel bars? Does this seat have something similar?
When you pull the strap to tighten the chest straps, is it very easy? I want it to be easy to pull and for the chest straps to be very snug.
Is the padding on seat intended for all ages' use or should it be removed for older kid?
Recaro ProRide Blue Opal: Does anyone have the blue opal?
does it support isofix?
Does it flush well? Would it flush well in Europe?
Do these have tape on them to keep the covers in place?
will these cover a regular size toilet or just a small potty?
Where are these covers manufactured?
Where are the seat covers manufactured?
There are 2 versions of this denim. This one is old or new? What are the main differences? Thanks for answer~
I've heard it can stink white clothes due to the fabric. is it true?
How is the basket on this stroller?
Is this stroller good on all terrain?
Is this stroller from 2013? And as Mrs.Allen has a picture of her stroller does the 2013 canopy opens much more?
How long does it take to dry when you wash the fabric? Does it he fabric get soaking wet when rain?
is this 2012 or 2013??
is head cushion and shoulder strap inculed for this stroller (Is it 2012 or 2013 edition?)
What is maximum tilting for seat? 170 degree ?
ls this stroller cover proof cotton?
GRACO TURBO BOOSTER SEAT: DOES ANY ONE KNOW HOW THIS WORKS IN THE MIDDLE OF THE BACK SEAT WHERE THERE IS NO SHOULDER HARNESS?
How do you keep a toddler from opening seat belt latches? Any ideas beside stapling him to the seat?
Cleaning this chair: Does the seat have a washable removable cover?
Graco Booster with high back fairy tale: is this seat acually safe if it does not strap to the vehicle?
GRACO TURBO BOOSTER SEAT: DOES ANY ONE KNOW HOW THIS WORKS IN THE MIDDLE OF THE BACK SEAT WHERE THERE IS NO SHOULDER HARNESS?
How do you keep a toddler from opening seat belt latches? Any ideas beside stapling him to the seat?
Cleaning this chair: Does the seat have a washable removable cover?
Graco Booster with high back fairy tale: is this seat acually safe if it does not strap to the vehicle?
can a britax bsafe fit in this stroller?
can you use a chicco infint car seat in this stroller?
how compact does it fold up?
How big are the rear and front wheels? I need something that will go over dirt roads.
I would like to have 18 month old son in front facing out, and infant car seat in back facing me-so I can see newborn-is this possible?
Does the child sitting in the back see very well? It looks like the second seat is elevated to allow a better view.
do both seats recline?
Does a Graco LiteRider car seat fit?
I have a saturn will it fit in my trunk?
will the graco click connect cars seats work with the sit n stand?
Does anyone know if this is stretchy enough to fit over a thermos fogos stainless steel bottle?
Would these handles work with eveflo glass bottles or are they designed for wider mouth ones?
Would it fit a wide neck born free bottle?
Would these work with Nuk Learner cups?
Does anyone know if these are compatible with avent classic bottles?
The description says a set of 4 24" pieces, the picture shows 2 24" pieces...what do we get?
Is the foam still treated with the fire retardant chemical? I don't see it on the company website?
Are these firm enough to put UNDER the mattress at the head of the bed to elevate a person's head with sinus issues?
will this work in a 5th wheel camper bunk bed? It would be for a 19 month old on the lower bunk
Do you think these can this be used to prevent an elderly person who weighs 175 lbs from rolling out of bed? He hates the confinment a bed rail gives.
are these fire retardant?
Will this work for a toddler size bed?
Will these work for a bunk bed? rails seem to need box springs and I need these for my almost 2 yr old.
can you put two sets of these on a bed under a full size sheet and they fit?
Are these flame retardant free?
how well do these fit under sheets?
I'm confused as to how many 24' bumpers are included in this product. Are there TWO 24" bumpers or FOUR?
Would they be high enough for elderly adult?
Can I make the bed and it look "normal" with a comforter as if there are no pads under it?
Is this a good SAFE replacement for a bed rail, or is this more for traveling etc.?
Can these fit on a crib that's been converted to a toddler bed and the child still have room to sleep? I only need it for one side.
Do I need to purchase a larger size fitted sheet for this?
will these work with a toddler bed/mattress?
is the both pieces 48 inches long or 2 pieces at 24 inches
Are the nipples of size 1, 2, 3 differing only in the size of the hole, or the width/height/diameter dimensions of the nipple also different?
Do these nipples fit Dr. Brown's natural flow GLASS bottles as well?
i have been using level one on my daughter she is now 7 months. should i skip to level 3 or gradually ease her to level 2 and then 3?
How often do you need to replace the nipples? can they be used for 3 months straight?
would there be any adverse effect if i sterilize these nipples by dipping it in boiling water?
I see that under "Origin" of the product, it has Germany. I am curious if the product was designed and manufactured in Germany or was it else where?
Will the Dr Brown nipples fit any other bottle brands?
will this nipple fit with Enfamil lid
Does this bassinet come with a canopy (hood)? Does this bassinet come with a canopy (hood)?
does it include the xplory chassis?
Hi,is it include rain cover for dark navy?thx
Is this just the bassinet or is it the full stroller? I'm so confused
Is this the V3 or V4?
what's the messure of the package box? please reply to me as soon as possible. Thanks
Can you please let me know if the bag, mosquito net, rain cover and cup holder come all together?
Do you do international delivery (Asia) of Stokke Xplory Stroller- color Beige? thanks
Is this the V3 or V4?
what's the messure of the package box? please reply to me as soon as possible. Thanks
Can you please let me know if the bag, mosquito net, rain cover and cup holder come all together?
Do you do international delivery (Asia) of Stokke Xplory Stroller- color Beige? thanks
Do you ship to BeiJing, China? If so, what's the shipping fee? thanks
Will I still need a light weight stroller if I purchase this? Is this heavy for 1-2 hour walks? Thanks.
Does the stroller comes with a car seat?
Are the cushions and zipper pouch machine washable?
Does it come with the shopping bag? Or do I have to buy it separately?
Is there a way to store stroller folded and standing up while it is in the house, or do you have to keep it fully open or sit flat? I have apartment.
Can I place this stroller in the back of my SUV without having to fold it?
what is the model, is it the latest one ?
What's the packing dimension for one Stokke Xplory Stroller? Are there two cartoons totally or just one cartoon?
Is this stroller 2014 V4?
Will this work on a stokke tripp Trapp chair?
How does this attach?
Does this strap workon Graco high chair with center crotch divider
WILL THIS WORK WITH A BABY TREND HIGHCHAIR?
I have a stokke high chair. Is it work for Stokke high chair?
Is this compatible with Chicco highchair?
How long and wide are each of the straps?
I have an older wooden highchair I am painting and fixing up. Would this work? Can I use screws to attach the harness to the seat?
I've been looking everywhere for replacement straps for a Fisher Price Space Saver high chair. Would these straps work with an older model?
Will this work with ikea blames higchair
how does the seat belt work? crazy but i can't seem to figure out how it goes around my daughter. thank you!
Is there a maximum height recommended for this seat?
Are mounting instructions available online? I am trying to understand whether this would mount on a woman's bike frame.
is anyone using this with a cruiser bike? i have a schwim cruiser. thank you!
Will this attach to a more squared tube mountain bike frame?
Would this be too small for a 5 year old
What is the age range and weight limit to this item ?
Would this mount to a beach cruiser?
does it come in parts and have to be put together...I want it to be able to fit in a bag without the box
Does this fit on this bike http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B006...
is this really just the price for one? Or did they forget to mention anywhere that it is a 3 or 5 pack?
Do you need to use cloth diaper safe detergent with these to maintain absorbency?
it says they are made in USA but why does it say the origin is china?
Are these for pocket diapers, or can they be used as the main insert in hybrids?
How do you know which side of the insert goes against baby's skin?
Is the hemp bottom layer the same hemp pad that you can buy alone? Can you can use the hemp alone in a pocket diaper?
Do you use these by themselves with the covers or do you have to use them with another type of insert? Don't know much about the new styles. Haven't used cloth diapers since my little sisters 15+ years ago. Thanks!
I really want to use cloth diapers when I have my baby but, I need to know how many of these inserts should I purchase to get started?
Has anyone used these with Snappis? Just laying a prefold in the cover like Thirsties recommends has not worked well for us.
How many of these prefolds do I need to get started with a newborn
What size cover do the sizes of the prefolds coordinate to?
do they work well with snapis?
how many packs of prefolds are necessary to get by?
What are the measurements on these? Both sizes are giving me the same measurement.
how many diapers per package?
Does this come with just one diaper? $8/one, correct?
Has anyone used these with Snappis? Just laying a prefold in the cover like Thirsties recommends has not worked well for us.
How many of these prefolds do I need to get started with a newborn
What size cover do the sizes of the prefolds coordinate to?
do they work well with snapis?
how many packs of prefolds are necessary to get by?
What are the measurements on these? Both sizes are giving me the same measurement.
how many diapers per package?
Does this come with just one diaper? $8/one, correct?
Is this the model which has been recalled? If so, why is it still being sold?
Is there still a call back on this toy?
what age can use this and has this model been recalled?
I have a 4.5 month old daughter. Baby Einstein musical motion jumper or fisher price rainforest jumperoo ? Why ?
What age did your baby start using this?
The description says "Quickly fold the entire unit for easy storage and portability" so does it fold or does it not?
may i know the packaging dimension when i received the item?
Is it the sun toy with the purple arm that has been recalled, or the sun toy with the red/green/orange arm that has been recalled?
Was this model 90564 really recalled and they are still selling?
baby einstein or fisher price rainforest jumperoo ?
Confused by the description. Do you have to use the side panels or can you choose to only use the gate plus one panel?
Is it 84" or 78".
How easy is it to open the latch to the gate? I have arthritis and I need a gate that has a button/latch that doesn't take a lot of force to use.
How easy is it to open the latch to the gate? I have arthritis and I need a gate that has a button/latch that doesn't take a lot of force to use.
The description says 84" but in the paragraph it says it will cover a 6.5' opening (which is 78"). Which is it?
i was wondering what 6 items it comes with the set names 9 items. it is not very clear on what it comes with?
what pieces is included in this Plum Dandy crib set??
Does this set have a bumper?
Is this item waterproof (can I wipe if off easily)? Or is it fabric that I have to wash after every feeding?
Are these made with BPA?
Is there a snap at the neck or is it Velcro?
Has anyone used this in really hard water?
What does 45/90 loads mean? How many loads can you typically get from this package?
Can this be used in an HE washer?
We have soft water, but i want a scented detergent?
Has anyone used this detergent just for baby clothes? I'm wondering if it is also good at getting out other organic stains (food, grass, etc.).
Can the classic rock be used with cloth diapers or does it have to be hard rock?
I bought this but can't find the scoop anywhere in the bag. How big is a 'scoop' by weight or tbsp/cup?
This product is labeled as "hard" for hard water and also says it's "smashing pumpkins" scent, but the picutre shows otherwise....Which is correct?
Has anyone use this on Charlie banana diapers? I have their detergent but it doesn't work all that well.
If we have naturally hard water that is softened, which formula should we use?
Has anyone used this in really hard water?
What does 45/90 loads mean? How many loads can you typically get from this package?
Can this be used in an HE washer?
We have soft water, but i want a scented detergent?
Has anyone used this detergent just for baby clothes? I'm wondering if it is also good at getting out other organic stains (food, grass, etc.).
Can the classic rock be used with cloth diapers or does it have to be hard rock?
I bought this but can't find the scoop anywhere in the bag. How big is a 'scoop' by weight or tbsp/cup?
This product is labeled as "hard" for hard water and also says it's "smashing pumpkins" scent, but the picutre shows otherwise....Which is correct?
Has anyone use this on Charlie banana diapers? I have their detergent but it doesn't work all that well.
If we have naturally hard water that is softened, which formula should we use?
Has anyone used this in really hard water?
What does 45/90 loads mean? How many loads can you typically get from this package?
Can this be used in an HE washer?
We have soft water, but i want a scented detergent?
Has anyone used this detergent just for baby clothes? I'm wondering if it is also good at getting out other organic stains (food, grass, etc.).
Can the classic rock be used with cloth diapers or does it have to be hard rock?
I bought this but can't find the scoop anywhere in the bag. How big is a 'scoop' by weight or tbsp/cup?
This product is labeled as "hard" for hard water and also says it's "smashing pumpkins" scent, but the picutre shows otherwise....Which is correct?
Has anyone use this on Charlie banana diapers? I have their detergent but it doesn't work all that well.
If we have naturally hard water that is softened, which formula should we use?
Has anyone used this in really hard water?
What does 45/90 loads mean? How many loads can you typically get from this package?
Can this be used in an HE washer?
We have soft water, but i want a scented detergent?
Has anyone used this detergent just for baby clothes? I'm wondering if it is also good at getting out other organic stains (food, grass, etc.).
Can the classic rock be used with cloth diapers or does it have to be hard rock?
I bought this but can't find the scoop anywhere in the bag. How big is a 'scoop' by weight or tbsp/cup?
This product is labeled as "hard" for hard water and also says it's "smashing pumpkins" scent, but the picutre shows otherwise....Which is correct?
Has anyone use this on Charlie banana diapers? I have their detergent but it doesn't work all that well.
If we have naturally hard water that is softened, which formula should we use?
Is this item waterproof (can I wipe if off easily)? Or is it fabric that I have to wash after every feeding?
Are these made with BPA?
Is there a snap at the neck or is it Velcro?
Does anyone sell replacement parts for the clear plastic top/straw that fits into the screw on lid? Mine have held up great, except for this part.
is there a cover for the straw
How many different parts are there to clean? Are disassembling and cleaning difficult? Thanks.
Neither me nor my wife can suck anything through this straw...are we doing something wrong?
None of these products have an age range, what is that??????
does it spill when upside down.
Does the little one have to bite the straw to get the liquid? My little guy is having trouble....
does anyone know if they sell a replacement hard inner straw?
Are these BPA free?
Is there a way to adapt the cup/lid/valve/straw in order to make the straw less difficult to suck from and more like a regular straw?
Will this fit a Graco fast action stroller with the infant car seat attached?
Does this fit the older model (i.e. 2007) bugaboo bee?
Will this work with Graco's Fast Action Sport Stroller (Joggers) without baby seat?
Has anyone tried using two of these in a Baby Jogger City Select 2-seat configuration?
does this fit to City Jogger mini stroller
Babt jogger city mini
Is this product PVC free?
will it fit uppababy g luxe stroller?
Does this fits Maclaren Quest?
Does this Fit the liteway plus stroller?
Can I boil it to sterilize?
has anyone tried putting these in the freezer? it doesn't seem they will explode. They really dont' stay cold enough otherwise.
I know that its says BPA free but is it also BPS free?
What does "3 months +/ BPA FREE" mean?
can I put this in the freezer?
Has anyone else encountered the rubber on the ring breaking apart, and how did you handle it?
What is the country of origin?
Unsafe for children under 3? Why should Amazon market a product for teething babies (i.e. very young babies) that has this warning: WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD -- Small parts.
where is it made
Is this compatible with Bugaboo Buffalo?
Is gate checking an issue for international flights?
Do you know if this travel bag is good to use with the baby jogger city select with 2 seats?
Will this bag hold the Bugaboo Donkey?
How big are they?
how do you massage your scalp? I don't see a handle to turn.
Are they individually wrapped?
How long does it take to receive?
I want to order it now but It says it'll take 17-28 days, so will I get it after Christmas?
Do they really take 20 business days to arrive?
Hello what year is the 2nd seat? Also was there significant differences between 2012 and later years?
Is the city select good for taking on walks in hilly areas on a regular basis? I've heard some even jog with it.
Does the maxi cosi carseat fits on it?
The seats seem kind of small. Any idea how tall a kid would be when they out grow this (and how old that might make them)?
What are the dimensions of the folded stroller? Same dimensions with 1 and 2 seats? Concerned it won't fit in the back of a 2013 Ford Escape. Thanks!
Does this stroller take a specific type of car seat or will the adaptor work with all car seats?
I don't see where it says which year model this is. Is it the new 2014 model? I'd like to order one ASAP, so please let me know! Thanks!! =]
Is there a travel stroller bag that fits this stroller?
How wide is it when in use? I'm trying to compare it to the side-by-side kind as far as fitting through doorways.
What year is this stroller? Is it a 2014 version? If not, any difference with the 2014 model?
Does this work with the BOB Revolution SE Single Stroller with BOB Infant Car Seat Adapter for Britax ?
have ordered two b ready bassinets and neither one came with the safety strap as advertised. has anyone else had this problem
Can the it be used to carry the child(i.e. is there a handle) or is it strictly meant for use when attached to the stroller or sitting on a stand?
Is there a universal stand that fits the bassinet for sleeping?
Can a second child sit comfortable in the second seat when the bassinet is attached?
Can Britax Bassinet be attached to the Britax B Agile double stroller?
What size of the sheet should I buy for it?
I've got one of these bassinets. Does anyone know where I could buy replacement pads or pad covers for it?
dimensions
can you use a bassinet sheet in it?
Travel bag for Britax B Ready: Does anyone know of a travel bag that will fit the b ready?
I just got this stroller and am testing it. I'm struggling with the recline function. I got it to recline, but can't get it up anymore?
Infant in toddler seat? Just curious-- has anyone used the "toddler seat" in a fully reclined position for an infant under 6 months?
The front wheels appear to be stuck on swivel. It will be a pain for me to return so I'm thinking about just keeping it. Why do I need it locked?
What is the width of the stroller when folded at its widest point (from one end of the rear wheel to the other)
Using this stroller with other Britax Car Seats: Is this stroller compatible with the Britax Boulevard car seat?
This stroller made in USA?
Is it possible to fold this stroller when the seat is rear-facing?
Will this stroller work with a 4 year old and a newborn? I don't want to have to buy 2 strollers.
also does this come with the deattached car seats?
Travel bag for Britax B Ready: Does anyone know of a travel bag that will fit the b ready?
I just got this stroller and am testing it. I'm struggling with the recline function. I got it to recline, but can't get it up anymore?
Infant in toddler seat? Just curious-- has anyone used the "toddler seat" in a fully reclined position for an infant under 6 months?
The front wheels appear to be stuck on swivel. It will be a pain for me to return so I'm thinking about just keeping it. Why do I need it locked?
What is the width of the stroller when folded at its widest point (from one end of the rear wheel to the other)
Using this stroller with other Britax Car Seats: Is this stroller compatible with the Britax Boulevard car seat?
This stroller made in USA?
Is it possible to fold this stroller when the seat is rear-facing?
Will this stroller work with a 4 year old and a newborn? I don't want to have to buy 2 strollers.
also does this come with the deattached car seats?
Travel bag for Britax B Ready: Does anyone know of a travel bag that will fit the b ready?
I just got this stroller and am testing it. I'm struggling with the recline function. I got it to recline, but can't get it up anymore?
Infant in toddler seat? Just curious-- has anyone used the "toddler seat" in a fully reclined position for an infant under 6 months?
The front wheels appear to be stuck on swivel. It will be a pain for me to return so I'm thinking about just keeping it. Why do I need it locked?
What is the width of the stroller when folded at its widest point (from one end of the rear wheel to the other)
Using this stroller with other Britax Car Seats: Is this stroller compatible with the Britax Boulevard car seat?
This stroller made in USA?
Is it possible to fold this stroller when the seat is rear-facing?
Will this stroller work with a 4 year old and a newborn? I don't want to have to buy 2 strollers.
also does this come with the deattached car seats?
Does the second seat attachment work on the older model of the B-Ready Stroller?
Do you have to buy the adapter also? or just the second seat?
Hi, could you tell me the dimensions of the shipping box? Thanks!
Can this be used with the B- Agile stroller as well?
I have this second seat, but I'm wondering what the best configuration is for newborn and toddler (2.5)? Should I also get the adapter to put car seat low?
Is there a use for the main seat that comes with the stroller originally?
is that a good stroller for a 2 1/2 year old and a 6 months old?
Can a child sit in the bottom seat without another child in the top? I want to make sure it won't tip over i the weight distribution changes.
what is the size of the b-ready stroller folded with the second seat attached? Many double strollers will not fit in my trunk...
Would the second seat connect to the b-agile stroller?
I have a B-Ready stroller. I am going to buy the second/lower seat. Do I also need to buy this adapter? Or is this only for attaching non-Britax seats? Thnx
chicco
I have a b-agile. Will this work with that?
Can you use this to hold the upper seat down below, and then attach the carseat up top?
Does anyone find themselves kicking or hitting the infant carrier with their feet/legs when they push the stroller due to the positioning?(I'm 5'10'')
Will this work with a Graco Classic Connect car seat?
Does it fits to the maxicosi seats?
Does it work with the bassinet?
Does the B-Safe carseat "click" right into this, or just the Chaperone? Thank you!
will it work with baby trend and do you have to get both adapters to put the infant seat at the lower level?
Does this work with the britax double stroller and child tray and chicco carseat? The reviews make me think it might not.
Does this adapter come with a strap to snap across the top of the car seat? Do the car seats actually snap into this adapter, or just rest on top?
Has anyone tried using this adapter with a maxi cosi carseat?
Hi I just purchased this adapter to use with my chicco keyfit seat and my b-agile stroller. It doesn't seem to fit the stroller though. Any ideas?
Does this adapter work with the Graco Snugride 30? I see 32 and 35 are listed, but checking on the 30.
Does this adapter fit Chicco KeyFit 30 Magic?
Does the part of the adapter that hangs down go towards the infant's head or their feet? It fits my stroller both ways.
I have seen reviews that the adapter works with the b-agile stroller but I bought it and it only seems to work with the baby facing forward. Am I miss
i just bought the Britax b-agile double stroller as well as this apater. Will my Britax b-agile car seat fit?
IS this compatible with the Bob motion? I have a chicco keyfit 30 car seat.
Anyone used the Britax Roundabout with a newborn? I'm wondering if anyone has used this (or any other convertible) car seat from day one?
Does anyone have Britax Roundabout 50 in your Honda Civic?
can the straps be removed to wash? Any help would be appreciated. also how easy is the latch system to install in vehicle?
Two Britax car seats: Has anyone installed two (2) Britax Roundabout 55 car seats in a Mazda 3?
recline in foward facing? does the seat recline in the forward facing?
recline: does this seat recline?
moving car seat: How easy is it to move this seat between two cars?
Britax Roundabout 55 for plane: Has anyone used this seat in an airplane?
Anyone used the Britax Roundabout with a newborn? I'm wondering if anyone has used this (or any other convertible) car seat from day one?
Does anyone have Britax Roundabout 50 in your Honda Civic?
can the straps be removed to wash? Any help would be appreciated. also how easy is the latch system to install in vehicle?
Two Britax car seats: Has anyone installed two (2) Britax Roundabout 55 car seats in a Mazda 3?
recline in foward facing? does the seat recline in the forward facing?
recline: does this seat recline?
moving car seat: How easy is it to move this seat between two cars?
Britax Roundabout 55 for plane: Has anyone used this seat in an airplane?
Why is there an Onyx I and Onyx II (or old and new)? Anyone know what that means?
my kid is using this model 70-CS. I am thinking of buying another advocate to put in another car. Is the latest variant G4? what is the difference ?
Advocate 70 vs Frontier 85 for short toddler
will this fit rear facing in a 2014 ford focus
Any one knows the size of the box that was used to ship this car seat?
subaru
Click &amp; Safe Snug Harness doesn't seem to work... Is this car seat broken?
Anyone use it instead of an infant car seat? Has anyone done this and what has your experience been?
Do new Britax carseats (August 2010 models) fit on airplanes? Has anyone tried installing any of the new Britax carseats (Marathon 70, Boulevard 70, or Boulevard 70 CS) on an airplane, rear-facing or front-facing?
will this fit rear-facing in a 2002 vw jetta? anyone know?
How is the Britax Blvd 70 for newborns?
Will Britax Boulevard fit in a Mini Cooper?
Fitting carseats into our car for 20 hour drive. What carseat(s) would be best in order to fit the three youngest in one row of seat?
Infant seat vs convertible seat: Would appreciate any feedback on if this is a good choice for 0-6 months or not.
Does Britax Marathon fits in your Honda Civic? Does anyone has Marathon in your Civic?
Is Cowmooflage cover too hot for the South?
Harness adjustment on Britax Marathon 70 Convertible Car Seat: Can anyone tell me how the harness straps are re-adjusted for this carseat.
Is it small
Reclining Rear facing: Does anyone know if this seat reclines well in the rear facing position?
2009 Honda Civic Si fit? Does this fit in a Honda Civic Si?
What is the manufacturing date please?
Is it easy to move this car seat between two vehicles?
how much does the car seat weigh without the base?
What color is this? It could be yellow and black or beige and black, from the pictures??
Does Britax Marathon fits in your Honda Civic? Does anyone has Marathon in your Civic?
Is Cowmooflage cover too hot for the South?
Harness adjustment on Britax Marathon 70 Convertible Car Seat: Can anyone tell me how the harness straps are re-adjusted for this carseat.
Is it small
Reclining Rear facing: Does anyone know if this seat reclines well in the rear facing position?
2009 Honda Civic Si fit? Does this fit in a Honda Civic Si?
What is the manufacturing date please?
Is it easy to move this car seat between two vehicles?
how much does the car seat weigh without the base?
What color is this? It could be yellow and black or beige and black, from the pictures??
Do new Britax carseats (August 2010 models) fit on airplanes? Has anyone tried installing any of the new Britax carseats (Marathon 70, Boulevard 70, or Boulevard 70 CS) on an airplane, rear-facing or front-facing?
will this fit rear-facing in a 2002 vw jetta? anyone know?
How is the Britax Blvd 70 for newborns?
Will Britax Boulevard fit in a Mini Cooper?
Fitting carseats into our car for 20 hour drive. What carseat(s) would be best in order to fit the three youngest in one row of seat?
Infant seat vs convertible seat: Would appreciate any feedback on if this is a good choice for 0-6 months or not.
Does Britax Marathon fits in your Honda Civic? Does anyone has Marathon in your Civic?
Is Cowmooflage cover too hot for the South?
Harness adjustment on Britax Marathon 70 Convertible Car Seat: Can anyone tell me how the harness straps are re-adjusted for this carseat.
Is it small
Reclining Rear facing: Does anyone know if this seat reclines well in the rear facing position?
2009 Honda Civic Si fit? Does this fit in a Honda Civic Si?
What is the manufacturing date please?
Is it easy to move this car seat between two vehicles?
how much does the car seat weigh without the base?
What color is this? It could be yellow and black or beige and black, from the pictures??
Does Britax Marathon fits in your Honda Civic? Does anyone has Marathon in your Civic?
Is Cowmooflage cover too hot for the South?
Harness adjustment on Britax Marathon 70 Convertible Car Seat: Can anyone tell me how the harness straps are re-adjusted for this carseat.
Is it small
Reclining Rear facing: Does anyone know if this seat reclines well in the rear facing position?
2009 Honda Civic Si fit? Does this fit in a Honda Civic Si?
What is the manufacturing date please?
Is it easy to move this car seat between two vehicles?
how much does the car seat weigh without the base?
What color is this? It could be yellow and black or beige and black, from the pictures??
Does Britax Marathon fits in your Honda Civic? Does anyone has Marathon in your Civic?
Is Cowmooflage cover too hot for the South?
Harness adjustment on Britax Marathon 70 Convertible Car Seat: Can anyone tell me how the harness straps are re-adjusted for this carseat.
Is it small
Reclining Rear facing: Does anyone know if this seat reclines well in the rear facing position?
2009 Honda Civic Si fit? Does this fit in a Honda Civic Si?
What is the manufacturing date please?
Is it easy to move this car seat between two vehicles?
how much does the car seat weigh without the base?
What color is this? It could be yellow and black or beige and black, from the pictures??
Do new Britax carseats (August 2010 models) fit on airplanes? Has anyone tried installing any of the new Britax carseats (Marathon 70, Boulevard 70, or Boulevard 70 CS) on an airplane, rear-facing or front-facing?
will this fit rear-facing in a 2002 vw jetta? anyone know?
How is the Britax Blvd 70 for newborns?
Will Britax Boulevard fit in a Mini Cooper?
Fitting carseats into our car for 20 hour drive. What carseat(s) would be best in order to fit the three youngest in one row of seat?
Infant seat vs convertible seat: Would appreciate any feedback on if this is a good choice for 0-6 months or not.
Why is there an Onyx I and Onyx II (or old and new)? Anyone know what that means?
my kid is using this model 70-CS. I am thinking of buying another advocate to put in another car. Is the latest variant G4? what is the difference ?
Advocate 70 vs Frontier 85 for short toddler
will this fit rear facing in a 2014 ford focus
Any one knows the size of the box that was used to ship this car seat?
subaru
Click &amp; Safe Snug Harness doesn't seem to work... Is this car seat broken?
Anyone use it instead of an infant car seat? Has anyone done this and what has your experience been?
Do new Britax carseats (August 2010 models) fit on airplanes? Has anyone tried installing any of the new Britax carseats (Marathon 70, Boulevard 70, or Boulevard 70 CS) on an airplane, rear-facing or front-facing?
will this fit rear-facing in a 2002 vw jetta? anyone know?
How is the Britax Blvd 70 for newborns?
Will Britax Boulevard fit in a Mini Cooper?
Fitting carseats into our car for 20 hour drive. What carseat(s) would be best in order to fit the three youngest in one row of seat?
Infant seat vs convertible seat: Would appreciate any feedback on if this is a good choice for 0-6 months or not.
Why is there an Onyx I and Onyx II (or old and new)? Anyone know what that means?
my kid is using this model 70-CS. I am thinking of buying another advocate to put in another car. Is the latest variant G4? what is the difference ?
Advocate 70 vs Frontier 85 for short toddler
will this fit rear facing in a 2014 ford focus
Any one knows the size of the box that was used to ship this car seat?
subaru
Click &amp; Safe Snug Harness doesn't seem to work... Is this car seat broken?
Anyone use it instead of an infant car seat? Has anyone done this and what has your experience been?
Why is there an Onyx I and Onyx II (or old and new)? Anyone know what that means?
my kid is using this model 70-CS. I am thinking of buying another advocate to put in another car. Is the latest variant G4? what is the difference ?
Advocate 70 vs Frontier 85 for short toddler
will this fit rear facing in a 2014 ford focus
Any one knows the size of the box that was used to ship this car seat?
subaru
Click &amp; Safe Snug Harness doesn't seem to work... Is this car seat broken?
Anyone use it instead of an infant car seat? Has anyone done this and what has your experience been?
Does Britax Marathon fits in your Honda Civic? Does anyone has Marathon in your Civic?
Is Cowmooflage cover too hot for the South?
Harness adjustment on Britax Marathon 70 Convertible Car Seat: Can anyone tell me how the harness straps are re-adjusted for this carseat.
Is it small
Reclining Rear facing: Does anyone know if this seat reclines well in the rear facing position?
2009 Honda Civic Si fit? Does this fit in a Honda Civic Si?
What is the manufacturing date please?
Is it easy to move this car seat between two vehicles?
how much does the car seat weigh without the base?
What color is this? It could be yellow and black or beige and black, from the pictures??
Anyone used the Britax Roundabout with a newborn? I'm wondering if anyone has used this (or any other convertible) car seat from day one?
Does anyone have Britax Roundabout 50 in your Honda Civic?
can the straps be removed to wash? Any help would be appreciated. also how easy is the latch system to install in vehicle?
Two Britax car seats: Has anyone installed two (2) Britax Roundabout 55 car seats in a Mazda 3?
recline in foward facing? does the seat recline in the forward facing?
recline: does this seat recline?
moving car seat: How easy is it to move this seat between two cars?
Britax Roundabout 55 for plane: Has anyone used this seat in an airplane?
What are the approximate measurements when it's folded up and deflated? I'd like to use this for travel and want to know how much room it will take.
Can this be used for an adult (a senior who might roll out of bed)?
How does this stay in place if you don't put it under a sheet? It seems like it would move/fall off easily since it's just inflatable.
Can it be pumped up with a bicycle pump or anything else one might have already? Don't want to have to pack a pump.
Can it be used at the head of a bed to keep the pillow from slipping between the headboard and mattress?
Hello, is it possible to buy a beige removable safety rail to my Xplory (only the textile or all the piece)? Thanks
does the complete kit , comes with the full carseat piece ?
Is this with frame(with footrest) or only textile?
Is this the 2012 or 2013 model? Also are the brackets included for the second seat or do I need to purchase them separately?
It comes with the second seat adaptor?
it comes with 2 seats right? but nothing else like no rain cover
Does the seat convert into a bassinet? Or is this an additional purchase?
Ok so what I think I have from the previous questions is this. It comes with 2 seats, but the adapter for the car seat is separate, do you remove the 2nd seat and add the car seat adapter till the baby is bigger? That may be a stupid question lol Also,...
can you change one of the seats from seating position to flat? so I can use it with my 2 months old daughter.
does it fit the Chicco keyfit 30 carseat? What is the maximum height? My 2 year-old is 37" tall.
Is it a good jogging stroller? I owned the bob revolution with my first child but want to know if this will be a good jogging stroller for two kids.
In what configurations with both seats attached, can you lay one seat flat, and both seats flat?
Do you delivery free shipping in Italy , how many days arrive there?
Would the Phil and Ted 'S stroller work for someone who is 6'4"? Meaning can the push bar be extended?
Does it come with carseat? and is their a cushion inside the bassinet? because it looks difficult hard for baby to sleep in.
Any comments on the wheels... Are they soft enough for uneven sidewalks?
Is there any way to attach my Maxi Cosi mico car seat to the Smart Buggy??
Is this for the Bee plus or the older Bee? Thanks!!
Is this the Bugaboo Bee 3? The newest version?
What's the shipping weight? The completed stroller is only 27 lb, while the base stroller showed 44 lb in details? Is it an error?
Is this the black base version of the bee stroller?
Is this the 2009's or 2010's style &#xFF1F;Is it a bee or bee plus?
Does the base stroller come with the inserts for the canopy that you have to buy separate?
Is this the latest version of the bee? Is there a 2014 model?
Does the bugaboo bee plus/2010 includes a wrist strap on the handlebar?
How does this stroller maneuver on grass, gravel, in snow etc?
You are selling this bee prom with the yellow hood?
Our daycare requires that whatever we bring in is able to close/be closed on three sides, is there Velcro on the bottom and side?
How thick is this mat?
How compactly can you fold/roll it up? Basically, how much space would it take up in a suitcase?
Will this nap be good for 22 months old to sleep on plane?
My son is 4 year old and he is 43 inches. Will Lambs &amp; Ivy Nap Mat fit or will be too small?
Does this mattress fit the Arms reach mini clear-vue co-sleeper model?
Did the fitted sheet that came with the co sleeper fit this mattress or did you have to buy an additional sheet for the mattress. IF so, which sheet?
What country is this made in?
Is this mattress firm enough for newborn and small babies?
What are the total dimensions of the crib AND changing table connected once assembled? I have limited space in my house and need to know if it'll fit
How many mattress levels do this crib have? Is it high enough to pick up a 4 months old baby without having to bend too much?
I was wondering if the changing table was removable from the crib?
How do I attach the safety straps to the changing table? I can't see any slots on the pad or where to connect to the structure itself :(
Does this bed come with Wheels?
How sturdy is the bed when u remove 1 side of the crib 4 toddler? When the mattress is on highest setting w/ side off what does it Measures, floor up?
Does this crib come with a full and firm mattress?
does a mattress come with the crib
Is WHITE changing table different from other colors? (number of shelves)
how many mattress levels?
What are the total dimensions of the crib AND changing table connected once assembled? I have limited space in my house and need to know if it'll fit
How many mattress levels do this crib have? Is it high enough to pick up a 4 months old baby without having to bend too much?
I was wondering if the changing table was removable from the crib?
How do I attach the safety straps to the changing table? I can't see any slots on the pad or where to connect to the structure itself :(
Does this bed come with Wheels?
How sturdy is the bed when u remove 1 side of the crib 4 toddler? When the mattress is on highest setting w/ side off what does it Measures, floor up?
Does this crib come with a full and firm mattress?
does a mattress come with the crib
Is WHITE changing table different from other colors? (number of shelves)
how many mattress levels?
What are the measurements of this mattress?!
Is it normal for this mattress to be covered in tiny black pills and dots right out of the packaging?
Does this fit into Arm's Reach Concepts Cambria Co-Sleeper Bassinet?
Do you have a support under this mattress, or is the co-sleeper fabric sturdy enough? We like a firm mattress for baby to sleep on.
Will this fit the ARC Ideal Co Sleeper? I noticed this is for the Concepts Original.
This matress does not sem to fit my Arm's Reach Concepts Mini Arc Co-Sleeper Bassinet, Turquoise Geo - the matress of the bassinet is 27 x 17.5
Did you see a noticeable difference in the amount of time baby would sleep in this with the one that came with the co-sleeper vs. this mattress?
Can you use 12x12 pieces with 24x24 pieces together?
how many would you recommend to cover a 9 x 10 floor?
where are these mats manufactured in?
Does the mat have a good non-slip grip on a hard floor? My baby tends to push things around the floor.
Does this mat leave a slippery residue on a hardwood floor?
The mats have a smooth side and a textured side, which side should be facing up?
Does this mat come with the edge pieces or do they have to be ordered separately?
Are they good to use in a bedroom as the flooring instead of carpet?
are these mats good for going over hard wood floors?
Is this BPA and Phthalate free?
Do these sleeves fit Evenflo 4 oz bottles?
Are these sleeves only for glass bottles? Looking for sleeve to use with 4oz plastic wide neck bottles.
do they feet the avent bottles?
For all those who hate it, why, why didn't you send it back? Amazon has a great return policy.
We have had this thing for a couple of years now, how does it dispense soap???
Is it pack of 3?
Would this adapter work with the Mico Nxt?
ok so this is the stroller and you have to buy an adapter for the maxi cosi mico?? or is this just an adapter piece for the stroller?
Does this work for the maxi cosi mico ap?
Does this work with the Maxi Cosi Prezi infant car seat?
Do these work with the standard size AVENT pumps? I tried to order other valves on here but all i got was the ones for the comfort pumps.
will these work on a medela harmony manual breast pump? if so, how do you get them to fit?
Are these name brand Ameda valves in Ameda packaging?
compatibility
Are these the old white valves or the new clear ones?
Do these work with a Medela pump, specifically the PISA or Advanced Personal Double pump? Do the adapters fit the same way as theMedela Pump and Save?
Did the box come with instructions on how to use the adapters? Mine did not.
does this come with two flange adapters (i.e. for double pumping), or only one?
Does anyone know if you can use medela swing breast pump with this bottle?
Can you warm up the milk directly with the bottle?
How do I label these bottles with a date?
How many hours does it take to thaw frozen breastmilk in the refrigerator stored in these bottles?
Is this product a pack of 4 bottles?
Do these fit medela pump in style advanced pump?
Do you sell bottles without the pop out lids? I find that they don't keep the milk fresh.
Can you screw these onto the Ameda Purely Yours pump and pump into them?
Are the covers to these bottles 2 pieces or just 1 piece?
will these fit a lansinoh pump?
Does it fit in quinny buzz
how easily does this detach?
do you ship anywhere else besides usa?
Does this fit on a Chicco Keyfit carseat?
Can you take the baby in and out of the seat without removing the cover?
does it get hot inside the car seat with this cover in the summer?
Does this fit over a Britax B-safe car seat? Do I need to remove the existing shade to get it to fit?
Will this fit a Baby Trend carseat?
Does this fit over a Graco stroller, or only the car seat?
Does this cover the baby's body (arms, legs, etc.) or just protection like a sunshade? I want something to cover the legs too not just head. Also is it breathable? Texas heat can get bad!
does it protect against rain?
Does this product work on portable infant swings?
I have a chicco key kit 30, will it fit
is the bottom of this car seat more of a rounded shape? or is it pointy and ridgid? will it cut into my leather seat?
would my 15 month old 23 pound baby be able to sit in this seat?
Does it recline or stay firmly upright? (For long trips with a sleeping kid, is it going to keep their head back, or make head flop forward?)
Is it part of the design that doesn't allow the backrest to stay firm unless in the car? The backrest flops back when out of the car.
Will this booster fit into bucket seat of a Toyota Celica?
Does this seat secure via latch system?
Are the height (33" min) and weight (33 lb min) guidelines the same for backless or highback modes? This does convert between the two right?
Does the headrest adjust up and down for height like the Britax Parkway?
Does this seat buckle into the LATCH system?
Has anyone bought this combi booster and a radian 5 pt harness and can tell me how they compare in size? I have the radian and want to move to booster up t
I'd like to get a different mattress/pad than the one it comes with, what are the measurements of the original mattress?
what is the height of the mattress when it's set up? We have a low platform bed so I'm not sure if this is too high.
What is the maximum baby's weight this item is rated for?
is this sturdy on carpet with the raisers that make it taller? I have a pretty tall bed &amp; need something tall also
What are its dimensions when folded up for storage?
Would this work for twins for a short time?
Is the mattress organic?
does it come with a mattress?
does this item look like the picture?
What about sheets for mattress pad? Does it come with any?
Is this pillow more on the firm or soft side? Would you want to sleep on it?!
dust mites
What size pillow case do you you for this pillow?
do the seats recline for nap time?
Anyone know the dimensions of this stroller when collapsed? TIA
Does anyone use a rain cover with this stroller? If so, what brand? Thanks!
Ell this stroller fit in a small such such as a Prius with 2 small suitcases?
Can I gate check this stroller and do they make a separate double stroller UV sun shade?
Are the wheels substantial and do the roll straight?
Do the seats recline? Description states there are two reclining positions but reviewers are saying it oes not recline. Thanks.
would this be practical for a 3 mo old
Does this stroller fold up pretty compact for travel?
Other than the raincover, are there any other accessories that are a must-have or work well with this stroller?
I have a five and a three year old and they are tall. We need a stroller for Disney. Would this work?
Does the Seats recline?
The gray/green option is the only one not pictured with a back that goes all the way to the canopy- does the back of it not extend that far up?
Does this umbrella stroller feature independent reclining seats?
How much do the seats recline? Enough to put tiny babies in them? We had premature twins.
Do you have to take the sunshade off to fold it up?
Does this stroller fold up pretty compact for travel?
Can this go on an escalator (with kids removed of course) easily without folding?
does anybody knows if I can travel (going to Europe) whit this stroller?
from what age babies?
Formamide levels? Does anyone know how these mats fare in terms of Formamide levels?
Also which side up? -- I purchased one set and just received it. I noticed that one side is very smooth, the other side is rough.
Are there borders to go around the edges that I can buy so my babies don't take/lift them apart?
Can the 24x24 set also interlock with the 12x12 mat set?
Does this give directions on what you can clean it with?
Will these stain vinyl floors?
can these be used along with the 12x12 tiles?
Could this be used outdoors on my cement patio?
How many would you recommend to cover a 9 x 10 floor? And to cover the side of the wall with one layer, like the last picture?
can i use this for my 4 month baby?
Do they fit with bugaboo cameleon 2?
Do they fit with bugaboo bee?
Are these air filled for models made before 2007?
Do They fit with bugaboo frog?
Is this stroller good for a tall person? 5'11"
Are there any mesh pockets for storage?
so is it grey or brown?
are the seats adjustable and suitable for 2 month old infants?
It states"Maximum weight recommendation:34 Pounds". Is this per seat or total for both seats?
Does this stroller fit through doorways?
exactly what color stroller is this?
Is the 34 lb weight max for one side or the entire double stroller?
does it recline
Can this attach to a changing table, and would it be high enough away from baby's head on a changing table?
What size batteries does it take?
Can this be attached to the Rock N Play sleeper?
Would this attach to arms reach co sleeper ?
Anyone know what the "switch" on the arm which attaches to the crib is for? On the Animal mobile it's green.
Can it attach to a pack n play?
I identified 2 of the songs: Cielito Lindo and Mozart's Piano Concerto #21. What are the other pieces?
does it attach to crib
mobile quit spinning: Anyone know how to fix it?
Mine will not turn off. Switch is in the off position and it is still going! Will it shut off.....before the batteries run down
where can I buy extra nipples for these bottles? thanks
Where are these bottles made?
Can you get replacement nipples for those?
do these bottles fit with medela pumps?
what level of nipple flow are these bottles (level 1, 2 or 3?)
Will other nipple fit this bottle?
Is there a manual breast pump that you recommend that will fit these glass bottles?
Is the tray removable?
Does this chair tilt back, I have a 4 month old and he wants to be sitting high up
What is the distance between the seat back and the tray?
Will this last till 3 yrs?
Is there too much space between baby and tray compared to standard high chair?
Is the height of the high chair adjustable?
Can you wash the straps?
What is the dimension once folded?
does it come assembled?
what is the tallest height of tray (measured from floor to top of tray - wondering if it could be tall enough to be level with my kitchen island)?
Is the tray removable?
Does this chair tilt back, I have a 4 month old and he wants to be sitting high up
What is the distance between the seat back and the tray?
Will this last till 3 yrs?
Is there too much space between baby and tray compared to standard high chair?
Is the height of the high chair adjustable?
Can you wash the straps?
What is the dimension once folded?
does it come assembled?
what is the tallest height of tray (measured from floor to top of tray - wondering if it could be tall enough to be level with my kitchen island)?
Is the tray removable?
Does this chair tilt back, I have a 4 month old and he wants to be sitting high up
What is the distance between the seat back and the tray?
Will this last till 3 yrs?
Is there too much space between baby and tray compared to standard high chair?
Is the height of the high chair adjustable?
Can you wash the straps?
What is the dimension once folded?
does it come assembled?
what is the tallest height of tray (measured from floor to top of tray - wondering if it could be tall enough to be level with my kitchen island)?
How big are the bottle pockets? Can they fit a Camelbak water bottle?
Are the backpack straps removable if desired?
Can you wear this bag messenger style?
Is amazon selling the new version of Ju Ju Be BFF? The old version had a flaw when carried as a back pack.
can it be attached to a stroller, in other words do the straps click open easily?
How big are the bottle pockets? Can they fit a Camelbak water bottle?
Are the backpack straps removable if desired?
Can you wear this bag messenger style?
Is amazon selling the new version of Ju Ju Be BFF? The old version had a flaw when carried as a back pack.
can it be attached to a stroller, in other words do the straps click open easily?
How big are the bottle pockets? Can they fit a Camelbak water bottle?
Are the backpack straps removable if desired?
Can you wear this bag messenger style?
Is amazon selling the new version of Ju Ju Be BFF? The old version had a flaw when carried as a back pack.
can it be attached to a stroller, in other words do the straps click open easily?
How big are the bottle pockets? Can they fit a Camelbak water bottle?
Are the backpack straps removable if desired?
Can you wear this bag messenger style?
Is amazon selling the new version of Ju Ju Be BFF? The old version had a flaw when carried as a back pack.
can it be attached to a stroller, in other words do the straps click open easily?
How big are the bottle pockets? Can they fit a Camelbak water bottle?
Are the backpack straps removable if desired?
Can you wear this bag messenger style?
Is amazon selling the new version of Ju Ju Be BFF? The old version had a flaw when carried as a back pack.
can it be attached to a stroller, in other words do the straps click open easily?
Large enough to pack for 2 under 2?
The pictures shows the backpack straps as being sewn on. Is this the 2nd generation version with detachable backpack straps or is the 1st version?
Can this handle quick outings for 3 in diapers? I'm looking for something *just* big enough to take essentials yet not be bulky.
I'm concerned with where the buckles fall when in backpack mode and how that relates to it being comfortable when fully packed. Any insight?
how big are the internal pockets? I have a Be Prepared and 2 of the pockets are super small. Will the external bottle pockets hold a Klean Kanteen?
can the backpack handles be completely removed or do they have to be stored in a pocket?
How big are the bottle pockets? Can they fit a Camelbak water bottle?
Are the backpack straps removable if desired?
Can you wear this bag messenger style?
Is amazon selling the new version of Ju Ju Be BFF? The old version had a flaw when carried as a back pack.
can it be attached to a stroller, in other words do the straps click open easily?
How big are the bottle pockets? Can they fit a Camelbak water bottle?
Are the backpack straps removable if desired?
Can you wear this bag messenger style?
Is amazon selling the new version of Ju Ju Be BFF? The old version had a flaw when carried as a back pack.
can it be attached to a stroller, in other words do the straps click open easily?
I have the sorelle princeton 4 in 1 crib w/ attached changer,want to covert it into a toddler bed.Do I HAVE to buy the rail or can you convert w/o it?
Does this come with two rails? the one on babies r us' site is only one rail so i want to make sure
Is this the same bed rail for the Sorrell Princeton model? I think the company change the name of the model to Tuscany, but I want to make sure.
what is the precise length of the rail?
Are these listed dimensions correct? 3 x 18.6 x 10 inches. They are unclear and make it appear to be 18 inch long. The others you see are 33 inc long.
Will this work for a 3-way convertible crib that has only a DRAWER underneath (not another mattress)?
Can someone tell me how exactly it is assembled. We don't have a spring base, it is wooden. Will it work?
Is it strong enough to support a rough toddler?
How thick is the rail? my crib mattress is only 3" thick as it's a speciality gel kind. will she be able to feel the bar easily?
Will it work with bunkbed?
Will this work on a toddler crib mattress that is on the floor?
Has anybody used it with a Sorelle Princeton Crib? Does it work well?
does the matress comes with it
Has any one tried this rail on a Babi Italia convertible crib? If so, did this rail work?
I would like to know how well this anchors to the wall. What, if any, products will hold up to the weight while not damaging the wall?
what are the product dimensions?
I noticed the shipping weight says "1.8 lbs". Is this accurate. Does it fold very small? i'm concerned about its portability
Has anyone tried hanging this from the side of a pack n play? Would it work for that?
Has anyone used this on the side of a pack n play?
Anybody use this with cloth diapers? Does it have enough space to store a couple days' worth?
Is anyone know if the wipe warmer space is big enough for Munchkin 10049 (Dimensions: 7.25" x 5" x 10")?
Does it include the wipes tub or is its just a shelve for you to put your own tub?
Is this made of plastic?
Can anyone let me know the package dimensions this item? I am interested to send it to my family.
Are these bottles good for freezing?
are these actually medela or are they imitation? and does it have a way of identifying the amount of milk???
Do you deliver to Mexico?
can they be sterilized by boiling in water? if yes, how long it takes to get them sterilized? 3min? 5min?
Is just every ounce marked on these bottles or every 1/2 ounce, every 1/4 ounce, etc.?
What kind of plastic are they made of? #?
can these bottles be used directly in a bottle warmer
So you have to but lids/caps and nipples seperate for these? Right
Can I use these bottles to pump into them? Do they connect to the pump?
What does "Memory Free" mean in the description?
Is this battery pack 3 aaa's?
What is the difference in this battery and the original battery that my fisher price monitor had in it which was a 350mAh 3.6V? Will these work too?
Is the embroidery real or just a print?
Does it come in a box so that it can be stored in to preserve the condition over the years?
Does this book have a spot about pregnancy milestones also?? A couple of C.R Gibson baby books I have looked at also include Pregnancy milestones like when you found out you were pregnant, first felt baby kick, first sono...etc! We are not finding out...
is it unisex?
How many pages?
Where is the memory book made?
Does this have a spot for the baby's footprints?
Does the the month to month sections 1-12 ask specific question for each month like date, weight, feeding and sleeping patterns?
Will this nipple fit the 2.5 oz bottle used with breast pumps for premies and newborns?
Is there expiration date for these? Thanks!
this is 0- 12 month nipple
for 9 months old? Is this good for the similac 8oz ready to feed bottles?
do the bottles come with nipples as well? doesn't quite make sense that you are getting 8 bottles and only 1 nipple
I know the packaging says to wash in warm water and let dry but is it safe to sterlize (i.e. put in water steamer)?
Do these nipples work on Enfamil nursettes?
Original Ergo or Performance? Does anyone have any thoughts or advice?
Sport or Performance best for hot weather? We live in a very hot climate (India) and I'd love any input on which Ergo carrier is best for the heat?
LargeFrame ok? Any large parents out there with some feedback?
Why does it say Premmie in sizes? I want to buy it from this dealer but not sure because of the size info, Is this ergo the same size as others?
height restrictions for Ergo baby carrier: Will I be able to comfortably carry baby in this carrier or will it hang down too low on my frame?
Is this a genuine Ergo? Any proof?
Ergo weight limit? How come the ergo is strength and durability tested up to 90lb but their recommend only using it to 40lb?
Ergo Baby Carrier - Breastfeeding? Will the Ergo carrier allow me to do this?
Organic? How do I carry my robot baby? Seriously, they just made this for organic babies?
Would this work for a newborn?
What is the actual size? The only size I can find is the packaging size. I would also like the size for small.
what is the size of the medium and about how many pocket diaper do you think it'll fit?
quantity: is this for 4 bags?
Which mobile is being sold? With the octopus on the top with the fish attached or the other?
There are different pictures on your advertisement. Which one is it?
How far away does the remote work? Does it work from another room?
How long does the music play for and can it be set for different intervals?
does the mobile rotate
Does this play the same music as the Fisher Price ocean wonders seahorse? My daughter loves it.
Does this have a mesh top (is it fully enclosed when zipped)? I looking for something that keeps the mosquitos out.
Will this product work for a two year old?
How much does this product weigh?
Would you use this for a 3-4 month old baby
What are the dimensions of the whole crib once fully inflated?
is it free standing on carpet? i want to use this as barrier gate like an arch, does this product serve its purpose?fall when pushed by kids?
can you put two of them together to make a bigger play area?
If setting it up like the picture shown with the fire place, is there another way to mount it besides it being permanent?
We are looking for something like this for a church nursery. If 2 were bought would there be enough room for about 10 children and toys?
How much space is in BETWEEN the rungs? Worried that my tiny dog might get her head stuck, so I need accurate measurements. Thank you in advance.
What color is this product? White, off-white or tan?
How tall is this gate?
will it handle chilren shaking the fence
Has anyone used this for a medium size dog?
easy to open
Do your kids ever try to climb this? I'm concerned about the horizontal bar, my daughter likes to climb.
is this metal or plastic?
would it work if installed on a wall on one side and the side of a couch on the other?
I kno the gate is 24" tall, but what is the height to the top of the bumpers? thanks!
How big is the space between the slats?
Can I use for top of stairs
Banister hardware for both sides? Does this have the banister hardware for both sides or just one?
What is the height, from the floor to the top rail of gate, after the gate has been installed?
How does it attach to the wall? I need to attach to wall and banister?
How can I attach this to narrow spindles? My wide banister post is surrounded by narrow spindles, and I can't attach the brackets to the banister.
I have a metal spiral staircase that I need to block my 2 yr old from decending. Will this attache effectively to a metal banister?
How long is the Velcro strap to go around a banister? I have thick posts, 4 inches at the middle, 6 inches at the bottom. Thanks!
Can this be installed with banister-wall without screwing into wall side?
Would this product be recommended for a stair way that the wall and banister don't aline, gate would be at an angel. My wall ends two feet before my banister does.
Can this be mounted between two 1" metal banisters (no wall)? if not, what can?
I have a huge banister (6" x 6"). Do you think it will fit around? Or, if not, is it possible to rig it with extra velcro? Thanks!
our doorway is 60 in. is it 58in when using all the extensions? or is it 58in before using any of the extensions? thanks!
What is the spacing between the bars? I would like this for a small dog.
Is this strong if my doorway is 55in and my baby 1.5 years old to shake/pull this gate?
will it fit smaller 55 inch opening
Can you purchase and extension kit? Our opening is 72 inches
How wide is the gate opening?
If using for top of the stairs, will the bottom of it be a trip hazard?
will it work with a 47.5 opening?
Our door way is 45inch, is it ok to use this gate?
Will this fit 46.5" or 47.5". I've read where other Regalo do not fit certain sizes. Need it to prevent 7 month old from going in the kitchen.
Can it adjust each pressure point (all 4) where they touch the wall. Would each of the rubber stoppers be adjustable?
I am confused. Is the spacing between bars 2 5/8" or 4"- 4.5". I have a 48" wide door and a cat I want to limit her access.
what kind of extensions can I use with this?
My daughter has a 9 pound shih-tzu dog. Would he be likely to either get stuck in the bars of the gate or get through the gate?
Wiil the gates height prevent a cat from jumping over it, and will a cat be able to fit through the bars?
My opening is 52 inches....do I need to get and extension to add to this ?
My opening is about 43.5". Will this gate fit my opening, or will the extensions only fit very specific widths?
If this gate measures 39"x 30"x 6" does this mean total width is 36" wide and if so, with wheel adjustments will it fit into a tight 36" doorway?
If this product is 39" x 30" x 6" does this mean gate total is 36" wide and if so will it fit with adjustment wheels into a tight 36" doorway
How wide is the walk thru opening?
velcro
How many wall mounts are included in the box? Want to use at the top of basement stairs which have no banisters but oversize baseboard? Thx!
Our post is 5 1/2" on each side for a total of 22" around. Will this gate attach around that?
Does this come ready to attach to 2 banisters?
Do you have to put screws in the banister when hanging?
does it swing open and closed
what is the size of the space between the floor and the bottom of the gate? I'm concerned my grandson could squeeze under it.
Can the locking mechanism be put on the banister post side. We want to keep the gate open against the wall when our grandchildren aren't here,
Would this attach at an angle? My newel is a step down from the top stair (so a spindle is at the top- not sturdy enough to attach it to).
How easy is this to install/unintall? We only need it when the grandbaby comes to visit.
Can you use the Peg Perego Jumper Seat with other strollers? Like a graco jogging stroller?
Does this product come as shown in the picture, or do you have to buy the seats separately?
Does the jumper seat have any type of harness?
One description states it holds children 3-10 years old and 30-100 lbs. The other says 15-30 lbs. Anyone know which is correct?
This second seat is appropriated for chilren uo to what age?
Is it possible to ship this as a gift, like I would with a typical Prime purchase?
can the jumper seat hold a 2 year old boy. cause i have twins
I wonder what is the size of the package. And I wonder if this seat is foldable?
Could you specify that comes with the purchase?
can you place two car seats in it?
what is the maximum weight limit for this walker
carpet?
what is the maximum weight limit for this walker
Can the walker move easily on wooden floors? I'm reading a lot of reviews that say that the walker is very hard to move because of the back wheels.
Will it fit in the regular checked baggage? I wish to take it to my home country on Christmas for my girl.
Can this be locked in place as a stationary toy?
what is the maximum weight limit for this walker
what is the minimum height for this walker? my son is 27" and couldn't use a different walker that had a min. height of 32" . any other suggestions?
Can this walker move easily on carpet floor?
What to do if it is broken
How is it for running?
my questions is to the users that can really tell me if I can run or I can&uml;&acute;t at all ?
I would like to know if I can run or jogg with it in the park ? I read the comments that said...it is not for runnig but still I want to know if it i
Does this have a bassinet or basket?
flight
What to do if it is broken
How is it for running?
my questions is to the users that can really tell me if I can run or I can&uml;&acute;t at all ?
I would like to know if I can run or jogg with it in the park ? I read the comments that said...it is not for runnig but still I want to know if it i
Does this have a bassinet or basket?
flight
What to do if it is broken
How is it for running?
my questions is to the users that can really tell me if I can run or I can&uml;&acute;t at all ?
I would like to know if I can run or jogg with it in the park ? I read the comments that said...it is not for runnig but still I want to know if it i
Does this have a bassinet or basket?
flight
What to do if it is broken
How is it for running?
my questions is to the users that can really tell me if I can run or I can&uml;&acute;t at all ?
I would like to know if I can run or jogg with it in the park ? I read the comments that said...it is not for runnig but still I want to know if it i
Does this have a bassinet or basket?
flight
What to do if it is broken
How is it for running?
my questions is to the users that can really tell me if I can run or I can&uml;&acute;t at all ?
I would like to know if I can run or jogg with it in the park ? I read the comments that said...it is not for runnig but still I want to know if it i
Does this have a bassinet or basket?
flight
Does the sound play continuously or does it stop after a specific period of time?
Does this run on electric or battery?
Do you know what all sounds it has? Does it have a rain sound (with no thunder)?
What voltage does it work with? 120 V? 220 V? Does it work with MP3?
Some people complained about the sounds, are the Mozart melodies okay?
If I choose Mozart Melodies will it cycle through all 6 songs?
IF I choose the Mozart button will it cycle through all six songs?
Will it cycle through the songs or sounds, or only play one continuously?
Does this model able to play MP3 music?
Does the Sound machine have Dual Voltage?
does this have a guard for boys
Can anyone compare this to the OXO potty seat? Have you tried both?
Does the liner/bag cover the seat completely? Can you use this with ANY bag, or you must use the brand bags?
Does this come with a bag to carry it in?
Can you use this potette for the toiletseat and as a potty? Because of the price i am afraid to buy the wrong one..
What is the difference between this one and Kalencom Potette Plus?
what color is this seat? (obviously it's white in the photo, but I have only seen it sold as blue, green, red, or pink)
Can the Chicco Liteway Surf accomodate a carseat
Is there a snack tray or belly bar that would be compatible with this stroller?
What is the childs maximum weight it can hold?
What are the wheels made of? Is the stroller good for tqll toddlers* 33"+
What is the largest neck measurement? Would this fit a larger child who wears a size 4T? Thanks!
Is there a snap in the back or Velcro? I can't tell from the picture.
Are these bibs long enough to cover the lap? My 10mo old has started wiping his hands on his lap and am looking for something that will cover it.
Can I clean these in the sink after use by using dish soap and just ringing them out to line dry? Is dish soap okay to use on these?
Does the velcro in the back go all the way down? Or do you have to take it off over the head?
The picture says set of 6 but the description says two bibs..which is it?
whats the measurments of the bib?
waterproof
What size
Can the bib be used as a painting smock?
How many connectors include?
Can the strollers be folded up and stored while connected? Or do you need to disconnect to fold them up?
Can I connect a regular stroller and an umbrella stroller?
Can you use these to two carseats (when they are placed on wheeled go go base)?
Anybody tried them with two Jeep Cherokee Sport strollers?
Could these connectors be used to attach a stroller to a wheelchair?
Does it works on Kiddy stollers?
can you use them on identical peg perago strollers?
Would this work on a tandem Baby Trend double stroller &amp; a regular umbrella stroller?
can you still fit through doorways when you connect two umbrella strollers? the gap in the advertised photo makes it look like it wouldn't fit.
does the bassinet fold? how small?
Will this bassinet fit Baby Jogger Mini GT stroller?
Is the bassinet complete with shade, frame, ect or does it require parts from an existing seat?
Does Britax have a bassinet frame to this? Or is it compatible with any other brand"s frame?
What size/weight (approximate age of) baby does this accomodate?
Is it suitable for air travel?
Is it compatible with the Britax B-Agile Stroller?
Does this have a handle to carry it with? ie how do you remove it off the stroller and carry it to another room?
Is there a weight limitation on this cradle ?
Does this come with wheels?
What size mattress shall I use or is the mattress pad enough for a newborn?
Is the mattress saggy by the time?
Does this mattress fit Ikea cribs? Ikea says to use a 27.5x52" mattress so it seems like it should fit, but wondering if anyone has tried it.
So people say the cover is waterproof. Is it a separate cover? I'm trying to figure out if I need to buy a waterproof mattress cover as well.
I tried to use the Naturepedic Waterproof Fitted Crib Pad with this mattress. It is not snug, has anyone had this same issue or which do you use?
Anyone been using the Toddler side for a while and has it held up well? Still recommend this mattress?
I am looking for a mattress that does not contain harmful ingredients for the baby to breathe. I find myself very confused! Is this choice best?
Does the mattress fits AFG Nadia crib 3 in 1 ?
Does this mattress fit well with the Westwood Waverly Cottage Crib?
At what age did you flip the mattress to the firm side, from extra firm?
does anyone know how to clean this mattress? Anyone ever cleaned it before? just use water or require some other steps?
Does this combo come with the car base? It is pictured in the ad, but then Amazon recommends you buy the base????
What is the size of the packaging for shipment? and weight?
What is the expiration date on this carseat?
does the car seat require an insert for a newborn, or is what is there adequate?
How much does the stroller weigh by itself?
Does this come in any other colors besides grey/red/black? It says there are more color options, but Amazon is not showing them to me
Would the car seat fit in a small car, like a Toyota, Corolla?
Hi, can the stroller be folded to put in the car trunk?
Is this system newborn friendly?
Does the car seat base from this combo fit 2011 Honda CR-V?
How long is this necklace? I need a replacement for my now 2-year old (molars are horrible!) and afraid this may be too tight.
This says it's the "Large Bean" beads. How big are the beads? approximately how long is an individual bead?
Would this fit my 9yr old? She lovessss it;)
my son is only 4 months his dr said his upper teeth are coming down first and strong his upper gums are red dumb question but is there a age limit to start letting him wear this?
is it 6 in long??
length?
do the dark beads color baby's neck?
Is this bowl big enough for a 15 months old or I should get the bigger size? Thanks
Is this small enough to be used to feed a 4 month old?
Where is it made? Is it melamine?
Has anyone had issues with their display going bad after a while? We can barely read ours after 2 years. Is it a battery issue?
How long is the warranty? I couldn't find it anywhere on the descriptions. Thanks.
Can the temperature alert be adjusted to a certain temperature or turned off?
Is there a battery back up on the monitor that stays in baby's room?
Is there a baby back up on the monitor that stays in the baby's room?
Is there a baby back up on the monitor that stays in the baby's room?
Can the parent unit be charged without the charging base (i.e. using an AC adapter as in the cheaper unit)?
Can you remotely control/activate the night light and lullabies from thi unit? The philips website says this is only available on the Canadian units.
What is the input voltage for the device? 110v or 240v or both?
Hello! Im from Argentina and I need to know if this monitor works with 220V... ? Looking forward to your answer. Thank you very much.
Can you get a extra eye for this monitor for two rooms????
Does this work on the DECT frequency?
Can the camera run on batteries only or does it have to be plugged in - I will be using the unit on a camp site and will not have access to electricit
I own this, but it stopped working 12 mo. It seems like a battery issue cause it "faded." Where can I buy the rechargable battery that goes in it?
I plan to use this phone outside the US and was wondering if the power supply units are 110V only or international voltage compatible (110-240V)? I plan to use this phone outside the US and was wondering if the power supply units are 110V only or...
Are the blanket and bunny one piece?
How should I wash and dry this?
How tall is the bunny?
Unable to get these to open at all to even install them, tried using screwdrivers to pry the tabs, top and bottom still will not separate, help!?
Will this work for a plug that is sideways and located about an inch to inch 1/2 from the floor?
Is the cord hole on the bottom large enough for a power strip cord to pass through?
Is this easy for an adult to get into say if I have to occasionally plug in the vacuum from it?
How do these install? We have a dog who is unplugging our power cords!
Are the product dimensions accurate (6x5x4)? The Motorola Plug N Go baby monitor unit itself plugs into the wall &amp; I need to cover it.
We have old wiring with only 2 pronged plugs. We use adapters for 3 pronged plugs. These protrude quite a bit from the wall. Will thesefit under this?
Does this work with plugs that are "sideways"? By that, I mean that the cord from the plug is set at 90 degrees from what I think of as normal.
Can this be installed upside down so the cord comes out the top instead of the bottom?
Will this cover a larger plug that is like a small box (like one for a baby monitor)?
I want these sheets for a full size mattress. Is this for full or twin?
Would the set fit a stranded twin size
do the sheets fit a standard size crib mattress ?
will these sheets fit a twin bed
What's the diameter of the handle tubing please? Just the metal part, not the rubber grip.
how to fold it up
Does the seat lay completely flat?
how tall do the handles go? my husband is six feet, looking for something comfortable for both of us to push.
Do it connect with greco baby carrier?
how do you lock the front wheels?
Are the Baby Trend Elixir sent by one box or two boxes?
does this stroller work with any baby trend car seat
To start using this turtlemeter, do we simply unpack and put in water?
can the battery be replaced? I can't find a place to take the battery out
is this product BPA free? and how long do the batteries last ?
Is this able to switch to celsius?
What is the temperature range? We need a thermometer in our jacuzzi bathtub, so the water temperature is 104 or so -- does it go that high?
read in Celsius too?
is this made of pvc? if not, what type of plastic is it? thanks! :)
can i use this canopy for cBugaboo Cameleon 2?
Can this be used with the fleece canopy instead of the breezy canopy?
The description says "silver", however the picture is red. Please confirm that this Bugaboo Cameleon shade is indeed silver and not red. Thank you.
Can you use this classic sippy cup spout with the natural bottle parts?
Can this be used as a cereal feeder cup?
Do I need to sterilize this before first use?
can i use this for a 7.5 month baby, he already uses avent glass bottles for pumped milk,
Would you recommend this cup for breastfeeding babies? The description only talks about transitioning bottle-fed babies.
My 6 month old drinks with the Avent 9oz bottles, will this work with his 9oz bottle?
Is the flow the same with a reg sippy cup? Having trouble getting 14mo to drink cow's milk and want to try this but worried the flow will be too slow.
What color is the nipple itself? Is it one piece or does it have the flow dics on the back?
Where is this cup manufactured?
Hi, can you get these for the new shape bottle as well? Thanks
Does this one have a peek abo window?
will this fit graco snugride 30?
Is there enough room for a 7 month old to kick her feet at the botton? Or will it come off?
Does this fit Chico Key Fit 30 magic ?
Does this fit the Britax car seat?
Will this fit a Graco stroller(not the infant carseat)? LO is 18 mths old and I wanted something for the stroller when we take her for a walk outside
Can you use this cover and still use the sun canopy on the the carrier still?
will it fit a Britax B-safe Infant car seat?
Is the outer fabric waterproof?
does this fit Graco My Ride 65 DLX Convertible Car Seat, Empire?
Does this one have a peek abo window?
will this fit graco snugride 30?
Is there enough room for a 7 month old to kick her feet at the botton? Or will it come off?
Does this fit Chico Key Fit 30 magic ?
Does this fit the Britax car seat?
Will this fit a Graco stroller(not the infant carseat)? LO is 18 mths old and I wanted something for the stroller when we take her for a walk outside
Can you use this cover and still use the sun canopy on the the carrier still?
will it fit a Britax B-safe Infant car seat?
Is the outer fabric waterproof?
does this fit Graco My Ride 65 DLX Convertible Car Seat, Empire?
is the mat removable for cleaning once it is assembled, and how do you clean it.
We have a hard floor. Is the mat thick enough to protect the baby's head in case he rolls over?
Is this portable and/or can it be broken down and reset up easily?
How does this have small parts, rating a "not for children under 3" warning from Amazon?
What is the diameter of the assembled play yard?
Are any of the panels a "door" or do you have to lift baby over side? If no door, is that annoying or not a big deal?
Does it come with the infant insert?
I have a two week old newborn. The leg part on this carrier just doesn't seem comfortable for him. Does anyone use this with their newborns?
Does this come with a hood?
Is there a difference between this carrier and the Infantino Mei Tai Sash? The only thing I can see is the reversible design panel.
how many ounces do the cups hold?
Can you put these in the microwave?
What colors come in this set? Is it the standard blue, purple, pink, orange and green or its it just pink, orange and green as shown?
is the product made in the USA?
What size are the plates?
How big are the bowls?
do the plates have non slip, or do they slip?
what are the dimensions of this mattress?
is it good for infants?
Does this mattress fit the Ikea SUNDVIK Crib? The Crib size is 27 1/2x52".
Will this mattress fit the Davinci Kalini 4 in 1 crib ?
I have a Great Dane an am looking at this as a dog bed. She weighs 165 lbs. do you think this would work for her or would it not hold the weight?
Is this good for a new born? Looking for a safe mattress that will last awhile.
Is this mattress noisy? Does it make a crinkly sound?
What would be better? This mattress or a soybean organic one?
Is there a chemical odor?
Is there any type of manufacturer's warranty for this product?
Does the baby sit reclined enough in this seat that his head won't hang?
Is there a stroller that works with this car seat?
The description says "Item Weight: 20lbs" Just the carseat is 20 lbs?! Or is this with base?
How does this car seat fit in smaller cars?
How easy is it to loosen and tighten the straps? (like for baby wearing a coat)
I'm looking to buy another cover for this car seat. Where can I obtain one?
Can this car seat be used without the base in another car?
easy
Does a base come with this car seat?
Does a base come with this car seat?
Is the strap adjustable? Can it be lengthened to wear as a cross-body bag?
Does this bag get dirty easily? How do you clean it?
Does the cream links bag have brown accents or black?
Would this work as a gym bag? Could you fit sneakers in it? Thanks!
Is the strap padded? Wide?
Are there spaces to securely store filled baby bottles?
What are the dimensions of it zipped up (smaller) versus unzipped (bigger)? Does it even make much of a difference in lugging it around?
Is this bag big/good for an 18 month old and newborn? I'm expecting my second in March and need a bigger diaper than what I have.
Does it fit over the larger carts from Target and Costco?
Does the cover have its own stap, or does it use the belt from the shopping cart?
Does this include a sippy cup strap, tether with strap, and extra strap for additional toy?
Is this cover easy carry? Easy to pack up and easy to place in cart? This is my only concern.
Is it machine washable?
Does it hold up after washing multiple times?
Does this fit on a park swing?
Can I use bleach on this product?
is it a 2 pack of 3 inserts a total of 6 or is just 1 pack of 3?.
It says they don't fit the cb one size? which reusable cbs do these fit? and which liners are compatible with the os?
What are the dimensions (length/width) of the med/lg inserts?
so am I better off ordering the small size reusable inserts for the one size CB?
Can you open it while it remains installed?
would this work for this gate I bought (it keeps coming off the wall) Regalo Extra Tall Top of Stair Gate, White
Are the baby gate dimmensions right? It's show 4x4x0.5 in.Could you please clarify? Thank you in advance!
Does this include the bolts as well? Or is it just the wall saver?
Will this work with the Munchkin Easy Close gate?
What is the actual outside diameter of these Wall Savers? Also how thick are they (by what amount is the opening reduced where gate is installed)?
Can you use these safely for the top of the stairs?
If I purchase these, I don't have to put any holes in my walls, is that correct?
Does this come with two gates?
does this fit regalo easy step model 1158
I would like to order this item but where do I enter the baby's name baby's name is Emily
Can the year be changed? Or is it for 2013 only
want to pers0onlize
does it hang off a doorway or how does it attach?
Do you think 3 year olds are too big for it?
Can this swing be hung on an outdoor playset and left outside permanently without getting ruined?
does it contain flame retardants
How does it hang?
Does this swing function as a jumper as well, or is it strictly a swing?
what colors are on this swing? I don't trust my monitor.
Does this swing bounces as well as swing? Also, what age range would this work for? Website says "0-12 months."
What does it hang from?
Will a camelback kids water bottle fit in this?
will this fit on the Britax Advocate Clicktight model? If not, which cupholder will?
Does it fit the Britax Boulevard G4?
Does it fit advocate 70-G3?
Will it fit a Britax Pavillion?
Do I need to buy the clip separately? Mine just arrived, but the clip isn't included.
I need a cupholder that fits the Britax Marathon Classic version...does this exist?!
Does it fit Britax Roundabout G4.1 convertible car seat?
Does this fit britax pavilion 70-G3?
Why is it that the instructions show to attach this product to the car seat it shows 2 pieces but the box only contains one piece?
Does this seat fit on elongated toilets?
What do you do with it when an adult wants to use the toilet? Does it fold up, or do you just lean it against the wall?
Does this toilet seat/step work for raised toilets (i.e. toilets that are taller than the standard)?
Will my 21 month old b able to climb on herself? How far is the step from e top?
Is this sold in a 2 pack or do you only get one for $16.50?
Would this work in an Audi A4?
Does this fit Toyota Sequoia seatbelts? Bought one type already and returned them because they wont fit the buckle.
Could you get this off in an emergency if you didn't have a key or other slim item to push the button through the grates?
Is the guard breakable? My son has had a number of buckle guards and he just snaps them and breaks them off.
Does this fit the 2014 Nissan Sentra ?
Does this product work with a Toyota Sienna van?
Has anyone used this successfully in a 2011 Honda Odyssey?
Does this stay on even when the seat belt is unbuckled? Or do you have to take it on/off each time your child is in/out of the car?
We have a 2010 Lexus GX 460 SUV, will this fit properly on our seat belts? I need one to keep our 72# lab safely buckled.
Is there a weight limit on the joey toddler seat? All I can find is "for children of all ages".
Is the Joey seat compatible with the City Mini double stroller?
Anyone tried jogging with this stroller? How did it handle? Thanks!!
Can a car seat for newborn fit in the stroller while the joey seat attachment is on?
Is this the new model of the seat with the higher back?
Does the stroller fold with the Joey seat attached?
valco jump seat: Can this seat fit any double jogging stroller brand or does it only fit Valco.
Can you use this toddler seat on the valco twin run about model year 2006?
Has anyone used this with the Euro Bath tub by Primo?
What are the dimensiones (height, width and depth) of the stand when opened?
the bottom of my shower is plastic. would i be able to put the stand with the tub one it in this shower and the stand not slip or calapse?
Can I use this stand with my Fisher-Price tub that is 3"H x 3"W x 3" D?
Does this stand also includes any drain hose?
would a fisher price tub fit in this stand?
Does this support forward facing?
Up to what height child does this work well for?
How many grams of EVA foam does this "ERGObaby Organic Baby Carrier" contain? Is it made with any other non-organic components?
Will this fit into my trunk easily? I have a 4 door sedan.
does the seat allow the baby to sit straight upright?
I have this stroller, and it worked fine up until tonight. We tried to fold it up to put it in our trunk, and the stroller will not budge. Have you ha
do car seats other than Mia Moda Certo work with this?
Does the peek-a-boo part of the canopy have a cover over it? It does not look like there's a cover in the picture. If no cover, problems?
Will this fit into my trunk easily? I have a 4 door sedan.
does the seat allow the baby to sit straight upright?
I have this stroller, and it worked fine up until tonight. We tried to fold it up to put it in our trunk, and the stroller will not budge. Have you ha
do car seats other than Mia Moda Certo work with this?
Does the peek-a-boo part of the canopy have a cover over it? It does not look like there's a cover in the picture. If no cover, problems?
Will this fit into my trunk easily? I have a 4 door sedan.
does the seat allow the baby to sit straight upright?
I have this stroller, and it worked fine up until tonight. We tried to fold it up to put it in our trunk, and the stroller will not budge. Have you ha
do car seats other than Mia Moda Certo work with this?
Does the peek-a-boo part of the canopy have a cover over it? It does not look like there's a cover in the picture. If no cover, problems?
this accessory serves to britax affinity?
Will this fit a 22 month old? For how long?
Will it fit a 4 year old?
Wondering if I should get this for my B-Ready stroller or a bundle me toddler by J.J. Cole?
Would this fit the City Mini?
Will I be able to fold the stroller with the foot muff still attached?
this supports up to what age or weight?
Does this go farther up or is it able to fold down to cover or not cover the arms?
Does this footmuff fit the Britax B-Agile too? It says it fits the B-Nimble, but i'm looking for a footmuff for the B-Agile... anybody know if this one works?
I got this and on the last step of the install instructions it says you can "fold down and secure with toggles". I don't see any toggles anywhere?
this accessory serves to britax affinity?
Will this fit a 22 month old? For how long?
Will it fit a 4 year old?
Wondering if I should get this for my B-Ready stroller or a bundle me toddler by J.J. Cole?
Would this fit the City Mini?
Will I be able to fold the stroller with the foot muff still attached?
this supports up to what age or weight?
Does this go farther up or is it able to fold down to cover or not cover the arms?
Does this footmuff fit the Britax B-Agile too? It says it fits the B-Nimble, but i'm looking for a footmuff for the B-Agile... anybody know if this one works?
I got this and on the last step of the install instructions it says you can "fold down and secure with toggles". I don't see any toggles anywhere?
this accessory serves to britax affinity?
Will this fit a 22 month old? For how long?
Will it fit a 4 year old?
Wondering if I should get this for my B-Ready stroller or a bundle me toddler by J.J. Cole?
Would this fit the City Mini?
Will I be able to fold the stroller with the foot muff still attached?
this supports up to what age or weight?
Does this go farther up or is it able to fold down to cover or not cover the arms?
Does this footmuff fit the Britax B-Agile too? It says it fits the B-Nimble, but i'm looking for a footmuff for the B-Agile... anybody know if this one works?
I got this and on the last step of the install instructions it says you can "fold down and secure with toggles". I don't see any toggles anywhere?
what are the songs ? and , is just the melody or it's somebody singing.because my 2 y/o only likes when someone is singing the lyrics. tks
After it times out and you click the music button, does it always play song #1 or does it go to song #2. The butterfly goes to the next song.
Does this frog have music also? Does it have red, green, and blue light options? I am looking for the same one my older daughter has.
How long will the music and lights stay on?
The lights and sound quit working at the same time.
music+stopped
Help! My 19 month daughter was playing with her frog and now the star button is jammed. Has this happened to anyone else and how do I fix it?
Does the elephant attach to the crib? In the description it doesn't say the elephant does, but the frog description says it attaches to the side.
Do the stars move at all on the ceiling?
What materials are the tub and inserts made out of? Is it BPA-Free plastic?
I have the newer version, that has a sling and no insert, and its supposed to also be used for when the baby sits upright, is it sturdy?
Does your Right Height Bath Center has a plastic insert or a sling insert for newborn
will the tub part fit in a single kitchen sink?
I'd like to know what is the distance that can be coverd by the baby monitor?
Is this 110V or 220V?
We already own this set and are considering purchasing another. Will having 2 baby monitors in the same house cause interference?
what batteries does it take?
We have a sound machine in baby's room. Does this monitor block out ambient noise and detect variable noise (baby cries) in the room
I keep asking the same thing - does each unit pictured come with its own 110 volt power supply?. if so PUT EVERYTHING INCLUDED IN THE PICTURE.
Can you push your child all the way up to the table with this, if the "armrests" hit the table and don't go under? Or is there a gap?
Is this made of hard plastic or a hard rubber similar to that of the bumbo?
What are the dimensions of the base of this seat? Also is it a solid bottom or open (like a cup)?
What is the height of the chair from the bottom of the seat to the top of the shortest part of the "arm rests"?
How tall is the back of this? From the top to where the butt would be?
I've read that some boosters (that are hard plastic) are dishwasher safe. Is this one? I was thinking it would be a great way to wash the straps....
My grandson is a big 2-year-old (35 lbs and tall). Will he be comfortable in the frog booster?
Is there any age specifics for this product? My son is 10 months old.
How many inches up is the actual boost?
Is there a weight limit on this booster?
Do I need to buy a bouncer, a sleeper and a swing? or if i bought one of those will replace the other? if so, wich?
What is the weight limit for a baby to sit in this?
Does the Snugabunny come with or have the option to buy a plug in adapter so you don't have to keep buying batteries ?
I'm planning to buy this and take it with me to Australia. Does it come in a relatively small box? (I'm probably going to have it checked-in)
What kind of batteries does this use? AA? AAA? D? Also, does it come with a battery charger?
Has anyone used this for your newborn to sleep in overnight?
Is it too hot to use this product for summer with 80+ degree temperature?
any idea of the shipping box dimensions?
is this foldable??
Hi, i would like to know, how many batteries need the seat and what kind of batteries are? (AAA or AA)
what are the weight and age limits for the cradle and swing?
Is this swing sturdy &amp; safe enough to put a infant in it that moves around a lot? Or will the swing end up flipping over?
Where and how much to get a replacement tray for this swing?
What are song titles of the eight lullabies?
swing doesnt swing
what is weight limit
is the cradle and swing luv u zoo as comfortable as say the snugabunny swing?
When swing is at highest point how far off the ground is the swing? Thanks
Does the adapter come with it for plug in?
Does it have a 5 point restraint system or a 3 point?
how should the feet be, while they are using it? using only the toes or using the complete foot?
What does "require baby to be able to sit upright unassisted" mean? My baby can sit up but leaning on cushions.
does it have to be assembled &amp; does it require batteries?
What is the product&acute;s shipping weight?
Does it fit a big tall baby? My boby is 4.5 month. He is 27.6 inches(70cm) now.
When I have the setting on the single music note, it plays for a few seconds and stops. Does it play when something is moved or hit?
I just put this together for my Lil girl but it was purchased back at time of my baby shower..there is something wrong with the noise part of it
Is the seat padded at all? Does it appear to be comfortable?
age of baby?
Hi, I'm really interesting, but i have to ship it to a P.O Box because I'm in colombia, can you give me the sizes of the box and the weight please?
how much floor space does this chair take?
does it work for 1year old?
What are the rough dimensions of the base when unfolded?
At the highest height adjustment, how far is the top of the tray from the floor?
How is this highchair to move around from kitchen to family room. Does the wheels move it or do you have to pick it up?
Can replacement covers be purchased?
Does it have a height that allows it to be at the same level as a regular kitchen table? i want to pull it up to the table so it is the same height.
Is the croch post thing screwed in place or molded in place can it be removed with out cutting it out?
We want to use this at our kitchen island which is counter height at 36.5 inches, does anyone know if this can be raised up to this height?
Does it go low enough for coffee table setting or close? Inches tray is from ground at lowest setting? Thanks!
does this come with an ac adaptor?
How portable is this swing? Would I be able to move it around the house?
does it come with a removable tray??
weight limit?
What is the difference between this Snugabunny swing and the snugabunny swing with smart swing technology?
Up to what weight resists?
The motorized mobile in my Brand New Swing does not rotate even when I press the mobile button. Am I missing some steps or its a bad unit?
Does this swing come with an ac adapter?
need battery?
Has anyone else had trouble with the multiple speeds? No matter which we select it seems to be swinging at the same rate...
Most of the bouncy seats can take upto 40 lbs but this one says 96 lbs? Am I reading the weight limits right?
Does it have vibrating feature? also does it recline?? can I put my baby in it for a nap?
Is this easy for baby to bounce on his own by normal kicking of feet?
Can this bouncer fold and be stored away?
Can a baby reach the toys with her hands? Or just kick them?
Can the seat be taken off to launder?
are the toys removable?
Is there a minimum weight that baby must reach before using the bouncer?
what is the shipping weight of this product?
does this require special tools to assemble? Is it easy to assemble?
What is the actual size? The only size I can find is the packaging size. I would also like the size for small.
what is the size of the medium and about how many pocket diaper do you think it'll fit?
quantity: is this for 4 bags?
What is the actual size? The only size I can find is the packaging size. I would also like the size for small.
what is the size of the medium and about how many pocket diaper do you think it'll fit?
quantity: is this for 4 bags?
What is the actual size? The only size I can find is the packaging size. I would also like the size for small.
what is the size of the medium and about how many pocket diaper do you think it'll fit?
quantity: is this for 4 bags?
What does "Safety Knotted" mean exactly? I ordered one these and it does seem to work but the clasp screws together so I don't let her sleep in it.
How long is the necklace? The one I have now is too long for my 6 month old.
How do I know what the length is? I need a 14 inch necklace.
Is this plastic or actual amber? How can I tell?
Is this genuine baltic amber?
Does these lose their effectiveness over time? My son's worked great when we first got it and now not so much.
Can it just be worn at night?
Is this long enough for an 18 month old?
What is the difference between this darker amber necklace vs. the lighter colored amber necklace by the same seller?
is this the raw or polished amber? thanks
Will this fit a 6 month old?
Is the safety clip twist on or snap on? Meaning will the necklace open when snagged to prevent strangulation?
will it fit a 12 month old
How long is this? 11 inches or 13 inches?
does anyone know for sure if it contains flame retardants. Including the animals.
How difficult is it to wash the attached toys?
What country is this made in?
Do you know if this is organic ?
Is this activity gym collapsable/foldable?
How does this compare to the other Skip Hop Activity Gyms? Why would you choose one above the other? Thx
Do any of the toys make noise or have music?
Can you wash the hoops ?
how long can a baby use this- how old would be too old for the baby to play in this?
what is an open box purchase?? is it used and does it come with a box. would it be tacky to give it as a gift or would it be better just to buy "new"
Can anyone tell me what comes with the set exactly?? I didn't see it anywhere, but maybe I'm just missing it.
Does the lamp shade fit a regular light bulb or a mini night light bulb?
Where do I email to get the embrodery done on the pillow
Does this set come in Pink? Ive seen it when doing an image search but I can not seem to find it.
Do I get the wallpaper border as well with the 15 items?
I am interested in this set but the room has three windows. can i buy an extra valance?
Does this come with one window valence or two?
Who sews the name on the baby pillow?? I don't see an option at checkout.
Can anyone tell me the thickness of the mat?
Does this mat fold up or roll up? Our preschool prefers ones that fold, looks like it could fold to me but not sure.
Tag says wash in large front load or commercial machine only! Has anyone washed in a regular top load machine with agitator?
Is this long enough to last throughout preschool for tall child? the dimensions seem to be on the short side but all the reviews are great...
Is this compact when rolled? Does it have straps for rolling?
Does this mat come with a pillow?
Is the blanket attached to the mat?
Can you roll up this mat?
Do you still need to pin close the prefolds or do the covers hold them in place on their own?
Do these diapers have a pocket for inserts?
Do these come with inserts?
do you get to choose the colors?
are these one size or size 1?
What's the packaging that your cloth book came in? My tale of sir prance a lot came in just a plastic wrap and I suspect it is a fake!
How many pages in Sir Prance A Lot?
How is Sir Prance a lot?
There is a choking hazard listed on this Peek a Boo Forest but I think it might be a mistake? Please advise.
I have this book but have not tried washing it yet. Has anyone tried, either by hand or machine? If you did, how did the book handle being washed?
How many "pages" are there?
Is the book for 18month olds?
BPA free?
What does Lamaze mean? Is that the brand name?
The book I received was sent directly from China, and is of poor quality. Is there a way to ensure the product is authentic if purchase on Amazon?
is the book "Lamaze Peek-A-Boo forest Cloth Book " original lamaze factory ? dose it com in an original packing ? thanks for our information.
Does anybody know what material this and the other lamaze cloth books are made out of?
does the peek a boo forest book have pigs in it?
So, why do the different colors cost different? It's just a different color, right?
our vehicle does not have a Latch system to attach a car seat to. Will this work with a regular seat belt?
What are safety ratings on this car seat.
Anyone used the Safety 1st Alpha Omega Elite Convertible Car Seat on an airplane? We were wondering if anyone has any expeirence with this car seat on an airplane?
I installed this car seat rear facing and it tilts forward towards the back does not seem safe am I installing wrong?
Is the cup holder removable?
When in the expiration date for the safety 1st nitron car seat?
Does this car seat help when baby falls asleep and head falls forward? Or does anyone have sggestions for that?
Is it safe to buy the discontinued one? Is only the color discontinued or the model itself?
Will this car seat fit in my 2014 honda civic? i want to put it in the middle because it's safest but i'm not sure if it will fit. please help!
How do you charge this? My daughter is looking for a night light that can't be unplugged for our 2 year old granddaughter.
Can you leave this charging and on all night, or do you have to remove it from the charging station to turn it on as a night light?
My son wants something he can read with at night without waking his sibling on the lower bunk with the big light. Is this bright enough to read by?
Is there an easy way to turn it on, in the middle of the night, for diapering and feeding?
How long is the battery time if leaving it on?
Is there a way to reset the night light? The Dino stopped working last night. No red light when charging doesn't turn on.
I'm looking for a red night light. Do you have to cycle through the different color settings every time you turn it on?
Blue light is bad to use because it stunts melatonin. Is there an option of yellow light? Can't imagine red wd be soothing.
Does the red charging light turn green when charging is complete? We've had ours charging for 12hrs and it's still red.
My question is in regards to batteries - are they included? What battery type does it take?
How do you charge this? My daughter is looking for a night light that can't be unplugged for our 2 year old granddaughter.
Can you leave this charging and on all night, or do you have to remove it from the charging station to turn it on as a night light?
My son wants something he can read with at night without waking his sibling on the lower bunk with the big light. Is this bright enough to read by?
Is there an easy way to turn it on, in the middle of the night, for diapering and feeding?
How long is the battery time if leaving it on?
Is there a way to reset the night light? The Dino stopped working last night. No red light when charging doesn't turn on.
I'm looking for a red night light. Do you have to cycle through the different color settings every time you turn it on?
Blue light is bad to use because it stunts melatonin. Is there an option of yellow light? Can't imagine red wd be soothing.
Does the red charging light turn green when charging is complete? We've had ours charging for 12hrs and it's still red.
My question is in regards to batteries - are they included? What battery type does it take?
How do you charge this? My daughter is looking for a night light that can't be unplugged for our 2 year old granddaughter.
Can you leave this charging and on all night, or do you have to remove it from the charging station to turn it on as a night light?
My son wants something he can read with at night without waking his sibling on the lower bunk with the big light. Is this bright enough to read by?
Is there an easy way to turn it on, in the middle of the night, for diapering and feeding?
How long is the battery time if leaving it on?
Is there a way to reset the night light? The Dino stopped working last night. No red light when charging doesn't turn on.
I'm looking for a red night light. Do you have to cycle through the different color settings every time you turn it on?
Blue light is bad to use because it stunts melatonin. Is there an option of yellow light? Can't imagine red wd be soothing.
Does the red charging light turn green when charging is complete? We've had ours charging for 12hrs and it's still red.
My question is in regards to batteries - are they included? What battery type does it take?
How do you charge this? My daughter is looking for a night light that can't be unplugged for our 2 year old granddaughter.
Can you leave this charging and on all night, or do you have to remove it from the charging station to turn it on as a night light?
My son wants something he can read with at night without waking his sibling on the lower bunk with the big light. Is this bright enough to read by?
Is there an easy way to turn it on, in the middle of the night, for diapering and feeding?
How long is the battery time if leaving it on?
Is there a way to reset the night light? The Dino stopped working last night. No red light when charging doesn't turn on.
I'm looking for a red night light. Do you have to cycle through the different color settings every time you turn it on?
Blue light is bad to use because it stunts melatonin. Is there an option of yellow light? Can't imagine red wd be soothing.
Does the red charging light turn green when charging is complete? We've had ours charging for 12hrs and it's still red.
My question is in regards to batteries - are they included? What battery type does it take?
Has anyone used this fan on a jogging stroller?
Will this clip on a BOB or City Jogger? Does it work well and really cool off?
no way this will clip on my Chicco nextfit zip carseat!?
Did anyone have a hard time trying to unscrew the batteries compartment? I'm afraid I might strip mine if I put anymore force.
Does this fan actually keep the baby cool (in the summer)?
Could you clip this fan onto an Upperbaby Cruise stroller?
can it easily clip to a stroller that doesn't have a front bar across? like a mcclaren umbrella? thanks!
What type of foam are the blades made of?
how many batteries does it require? wht type??
How big is the clamp on this fan? What's the largest it can clamp onto?
Will a clip on drink/snack tray accessory fit on the bar or on the side of the stroller?
How compactly does it fold?
Does the front adapter bar come off?
Can you use a car seat with this stroller and/or does it take an adapter?
Is the Jovvy Ergo trail worthy and airport useful?
Trying to decide between this and greyco ready to grow sit&amp; stand does any one have a comparison? Is a britax b safe carseat compatible with either?
Trying to decide between ergo caboose &amp; caboose too ultralight stroller. I have a chicco keyfit22 carseat. Which one will be a better choice?
Can I convert this stroller into a single stroller, if I would like? Not always I have my two son with me.
I will have a newborn and tall (40") 3.5 yr old...Will the front seat fit a taller child? Most of the ones I have looked at will not...
can i add a seat in the back if my 2nd child wants to sit?
Is it possible to by a replacement shade for the part of the stroller where the toddler stands?
Super confused on joovy ergo and contours double stroller? I am targeting for compact stroller between. Which one requires less space opened?Compact.
super confused on ergo and contours double stroller? I am targeting for compact stroller between. Which one requires less space en opened? Compact.
what infant car seats are compatible with the ergo joovy?
What size are the straws for this product?
What is the diameter of the cup? I'm trying to determine if it will fit in my son's small cup holder. Thanks!
clean
Does anyone else find it strange that the grips on the cup are not on the sides where you typically hold a cup but on the front and back?
What size trash can does this fit?
Can the bag be dried in the dryer? Or does it need to be hung to dry?
will this work for adult incontinence underware
I can't seem to find where this mentions the size. I need a smaller than full 13 gallon size bag. Help please!
Does this bag "sweat"?
Can someone please post what the spacing is between the uprights? We have a tiny dogs we want to contain with this gate. Thank you.
Are the optional extensions included? looking for something that will cover 64 inches
What is the height and does it swing both ways?
hoe does this mount? my deck has a steel rail. thx!
Hello, I'm thinking about purchasing this item for my 4 yr old, he has autism and needs to be in a strapped down high chair/booster or he won't eat. My question is he is big for his age I have been told he is 51lbs and his height is 48in. would my son...
How does the wood hold hold up after many time of cleaning?
There is so little thigh space, I can't imagine fitting my 7 month old daughter for much longer. How does everyone deal this?
Are the waist straps removable for easy cleaning?
Do I need to purchase the one with the infant insert or will a 6 month old fit in this ok?
Does the chair fold?? to sit up against the wall...
How high is the chair?
Does it have a lap belt? What is belt size limit?
Can you slide this right up to the table with the tray attached? So the tray would rest on the table?
Until what age can you use the tray? Doesn't look like a lot of space for thighs between tray and seat. Thanks!
Can I adjust this for a 4-5 year old to use in the kitchen as a helper?
How can you be sure the foot and seat plates don't slide out? Is there something that holds the plates firmly in place?
can a preschooler 2-3 year old sit in this chair at a COUNTER HEIGHT island to eat?
How heigh does it go.. Could a child use it at a counter level to eat ?
How much does this chair weigh? is it easy to move around the house?
Has anyone else noticed a difference in the wood grain and color of the seat and foot plates compared to the rest of the chair?
is tray included?
Is this chair stable enough for an almost-3-year-old to climb into it herself or will it tip over?
Does this work for an extremely petite little one? (1 year old weighing 11lbs &amp; 25")
Does this chair fold?
How many inches from the floor to the tray? thanks!
Can the chair + infant insert be used at a table without the tray?
What is the estimated time of delivery for Washington, DC?
Can this chair be adjusted high enough to allow a child to sit up to a bar-height table?
The description says "made in USA" but Amazon lists the country of origin as Taiwan. Which is it for real??
Is there a 5-point restraint with the infant insert?
Is the chair foldable?
Thinking of buying one off Craigslist, it has the wood tray but not the plastic tray topper, can you purchase the plastic tray separately? Thanks!
Does the chair with the infant insert also come with the toddler cushion or do you buy something else for that?
Do you take the tray on and off for convenience? Can you just slide the kid in with the tray in place?
Can you take the bar off between the legs and still use the tray?
Do you need to have the infant insert to use this with a 6 month old?
What is the maximum seat height? We need a chair high enough to scoot up to the kitchen island.
Is it appropriate for a growing 6 yr old? Will the tray adjust to for use with a growing 6 yr old?
Could a toddler climb up and sit themselves in this chair?
Anybody know if you can buy replacement straps?
Can you remove the padding on the chair to wash it?
How many inches from the floor to the tray? thanks!
What is the max height/weight that one can use the tray with their child. Looking for my 3.5 year old who is 36 inches and 29 pounds
does this high chair fold easily for storage....grandma's useage
Can you remove the top changer? Or is it one piece?
assembly instructions
What size changing pad works with it? Can I use a standard size changing pad or is it smaller?
What is the height/depth of the shelf?
Hello! Can you please tell me the packaging dimensions and weight? Thank you.
Are there any fire retardants used in this chair?
Is there a smaller permanent tray under the large removable tray?
Hi! I just wanted to know what color is the dishwasher safe removable tray? Thanks!
Do the wheels have breaks?
Hi! I just wanna know the mesures W x L X D of the product, not the product box the mesures of the high chair. Thanks in advance.
My baby is 6 months old and he is a little chunky, for how long will the baby be comfortable in this chair? Any help from moms with chubby babies?
for what age is it made?
Could you tell me the cover is made of cloth or nylon?
Hi, what's the difference between your Rainforest Healthy Care High Chair and Precious Planet Sky Blue High Chair?
The rainforest high chair has a seatbelt like a carset for infant I want to use it for my 4 month old baby please reply.Thanks,
What makes the DRIA cover different from other nursing covers?
what are the measurements?
is this 100% organic
I only received one as well - although the picture shows two! There is nothing specific in the description, but what else are we supposed to go of?
Was I supposed to get one feeder or two? so I only received one...not what is pictured!!!!!!
is this for one or two of the feeders?
I only received one as well - although the picture shows two! There is nothing specific in the description, but what else are we supposed to go of?
Was I supposed to get one feeder or two? so I only received one...not what is pictured!!!!!!
is this for one or two of the feeders?
Can the cameleon 12 in foam wheels be used to replace the frog 12 in air wheels?
I need wheel to muy bugaboo frog can i buy Cameleon 12in Foam Back Wheel
Am I able to use the foam tire to replace a deflated tire and keep the other tire the same or do I need to purchase two foam tires?
I need a wheel for a bugaboo chameleon purchased in 2006. Is this one compatible?
This is indicated for the Bugaboo Frog? Comes the pair (02)?
is it include inner tube?
Will it fit the Bugaboo Frog?
I have the orig. Cameleon and am looking for a replacement wheel AND axel (metallic rod from wheel that attaches to the frame). Does this have both?
I need two? You have them&iexcl;
do these wheels fit a cameleon from 2006?
Do you really need this with a Chicco Keyfit carseat or is the support that comes with the seat enough?
It states each side is made of different material. Can you tell me what material is offerd on each side?
Would this work with a bob stroller to provide more support?
Will this work in a bob jogging stroller?
Would it work for a 2-year old? Our maclaren mark ii has no back or head support, so I am not sure whether to get a padded liner with a pillow or this
Can it hold an older child 's (of 2,3, or 4) head from bobbing or falling forward when sleeping in a car seat?
Will this work for a preemie baby (4-5 lbs) or 7lb infant in the Britax Marathon carseat?
Could this be used in a baby bath tub as a nice support pillow for infants that can be machine or air dried?
Does it fit in the 4Moms Mamaroo?
Is the head rest detachable?
Do you think this sidekick would work on a non-Orbit stroller? I have a Bob, and I love it dearly, so I am not looking to replace the whole stroller.
Hi! Do you think I could make this product work with a non-Orbit stroller? I have a Graco and would love to be able to use this. Thank you!
Would this work on a Baby Jogger Elite model?
Is this compatible with the Orbit Baby Helix Plus Upgrade Kit?
I putchased a recent sidekick &amp; wanted to know if the black plastic molding piece that holds the clip folds down like on the older model kickboard?
Will this kickboard fit the Orbit stroller 2009 model? I think it is the G1 model.
Would this work on a G3 Orbit stroller? I can't find one that says exclusively for G3.....
will it fit on other strollers other than orbit?
Has anyone figured out a way to rig this to another stroller with similar wheel size? Can it be done (with some creativity?)
does it fix any stroller or just orbit
it says that the dimensions are: 35.5 x 33 x 67. I'm a bit confused. It can't be that tall nor that wide. can someone please guide me? thank you!
Would this be suitable for an elderly woman who wants a soft snuggley chair for her bedroom. A not too large chair to put by her window. She wouldn't be sleeping in it. She can't have something so low that she has difficulty getting back on her feet...
We have narrow doorways (29 inches wide) - does this chair come apart or did anyone with similar width doorways find another solution that worked?
Is the ivory chenille closer to white or tan?
How many inches from floor to top of seat cushion?
Has anyone recently ordered? Is this really the extra wide ribbed corduroy like in the picture?Mine showed up thinner ribbed. Very uncomfy
I'm trying to replace the very first one i had. got a new one but it glides instead of rock. super uncomfortable. doe this glide too?
Does this chair rock or glide?
What is the height of the chair from the floor to it's highest point the numbers that are posted seem wrong, could someone help me with that?
Does this chair come fully assembled ?
does it rock ok
why can't someone just measure the chair from side to side and top to bottom and answer this question? why is it so hard to get a direct answer?
will this chair be ideal for an avg height/weight 2yr old girl and will I get at least a couple of years out of it before she outgrows it .
do the rockers come off?
Which dimension is the width (from outside of left arm to outside of right arm)? I have to fit this into a tight spot. Thanks
What is the height from the ground to the top of the cushion? My 8 month old is too big for his bouncer and am looking for something low to the ground
How do you clean this?
how big is it side to side and front to back? meaning how many inches
Has anyone tried this on a Baby Jogger City Mini?
Does it affect how the stroller folds up? Do you have to uninstall it everytime you need to fold it up?
Citimini double stroller
bob
Does this work on the Britax B Ready?
Will this work with a contour tandem stroller?
Does this buggy board fold up when you don't want to use it?
Does this work with the UPPA stroller? Sorry if it's here somewhere already...
How high can the axel be and still have the board level? In other words, when it's at the highest setting... how high is it?
does this work with the joovy single stroller?
can the changing table be used separate from the crib
Does this set come with the dresser from the photos?
Would this crib fit through a standard doorway? I am reading mixed information on the actual dimensions of width. My doorway is 28in
Do any pads for the changing table come with this? If not what size pad do I need?
At what age does a child outgrow this crib?
Can the changing table be on either side of the crib?
Where can I buy the stuff to convert this crib to a toddler/full bed?
How many positions cant the matress be lowered to?
please suggest the dimensions of mattress or send me a link of the one that fits
In the picture looks that the matress is quite high to the upper border. Can it be lower to the bottom of the crib?
Is there an option to turn off the sound of the foot piano?
Will this item come with the name in English or with the Asian letters/characters?
Is the foot piano a mat or are there separate keys? If the keys are separate, can they hurt my baby's feet?
Can the baby walk from room to room with this
I see no recommended "age" for this item. I did see 25# mentioned, probably unsuitable for a 9 month old who is already 23#'s as a 1st BD gift???
My son is 10 months old. Does it make sense to buy this for him now or is he too old?
My son is 3 months old , does it too early for him ?
In one of the pictures, it shows older children using this as an activity table - can the seat be removed to use this as an activity table?
The weight limit says 25lbs; my 5mo son is there already. People say they use this for over a year, so is the weight limit being ignored? Is it safe?
does it have a bouncer
does it have an attachment for the toy in bebe pod flex? a holes between the tray for the toy to attach..
Does anyone know if this is bpa and phthalate free? Since baby is eating off of the product, it's important for it to be chemical free.
I have the original bebePOD Basix. Will this tray work with that one?
The tray is on and I cannot for the life of me get it off. I squeeze the two plastic parts and it doesn't move. Any tips?
Does this tray work with the bebe pod boost
Why does it seem all my baby can do is "sit" in it? Do the legs adjust to a higher position? It looks like babies are standing in them..
What are the height and weight limits for this?
My son is 5 months old and 20 pounds...and growing! Will he fit in this for a while?
How old was your kiddo when they stopped liking it or using it?
Would this fold into a large suitcase for a flight?
what is the material made of? are there dangerous chemicals i should be concerned about?
Where is this seat made?
at what age can you use this product until? it says until walking. does this mean it's unsafe after a child can walk?
How big are the leg holes? My son has really large thighs and can't fit in a lot of products similar to this.
feeding
What flow nipple comes with this bottle?
So both the small and the large size of this bottle come with Slow Flow nipples, correct? I need this for a newborn, but I want to get the bigger size
Is this bottle plastic or glass?
Is this a silicon nipple?
Do the nipples fit any other bottles (Avent, Lansinoh, etc.)?
what is all included in this package?
How do you warm this bottle? I used to warm bottles w/ breastmilk in boiling water in a mug. Is that ok for this bottle?
$80.00 plus shipping for one baby bottle?
Does this fit Cybex Aton Q seat?
will this work to connect a Cybex Aton car seat to a Cybex Twinyx double stroller?
does this work with uppa
What strollers can this be used for Cybex Aton car seat? Can I use it to secure a Cybex Aton car seat on a Chicco Liteway Plus?
Does this works with the Cybex Callisto???
Will these install on a BOB stroller? Any idea if these will install on a BOB Revolution stroller?
Does this work with a Graco Snugride 32 car seat?
does this base fit the Graco Alano Classic Connect Travel System?
How difficult is this for a grandmother to install and to take it in and out and in and out of a car?
Does this base fit the snug ride 30 model number 1774832?
Does this base fit a 2011 Graco Snugride 35 carseat?
Is this model the same as snug ride 35 model 1760657?
does it fit for snugride 35 LX?
Will this fit a Graco Snug Ride 32 infant seat?
Does this base fit "Graco UrbanLite Classic Connect Travel System, Vance", Model #: 1812878 ? Thanks!
does this work with a 35 LX seat?
Does this work with a Graco Snugride 32 car seat?
does this base fit the Graco Alano Classic Connect Travel System?
How difficult is this for a grandmother to install and to take it in and out and in and out of a car?
Does this base fit the snug ride 30 model number 1774832?
Does this base fit a 2011 Graco Snugride 35 carseat?
Is this model the same as snug ride 35 model 1760657?
does it fit for snugride 35 LX?
Will this fit a Graco Snug Ride 32 infant seat?
Does this base fit "Graco UrbanLite Classic Connect Travel System, Vance", Model #: 1812878 ? Thanks!
does this work with a 35 LX seat?
How do you charge this? My daughter is looking for a night light that can't be unplugged for our 2 year old granddaughter.
Can you leave this charging and on all night, or do you have to remove it from the charging station to turn it on as a night light?
My son wants something he can read with at night without waking his sibling on the lower bunk with the big light. Is this bright enough to read by?
Is there an easy way to turn it on, in the middle of the night, for diapering and feeding?
How long is the battery time if leaving it on?
Is there a way to reset the night light? The Dino stopped working last night. No red light when charging doesn't turn on.
I'm looking for a red night light. Do you have to cycle through the different color settings every time you turn it on?
Blue light is bad to use because it stunts melatonin. Is there an option of yellow light? Can't imagine red wd be soothing.
Does the red charging light turn green when charging is complete? We've had ours charging for 12hrs and it's still red.
My question is in regards to batteries - are they included? What battery type does it take?
My 7 year-old is 51 inches tall. Will this Britax Parkway high-backed booster seat will accommodate a child who is that tall?
Several reviewers complained about the seat belt guide piece - sounds like if the child leans forward &amp; the belt pulls out, it doesn't always retract? Anyone else having this issue?
I have a Volvo XC90 . When I installed the Parkway, the forward slope of the headrest wouldn't allow the seat to lean back properly for install?
Instructions say insert the seat back cylinder then lift to a point where it does not fall flat. Mine won't sit up on it's own. Is it defective?
I'm a Canadian customer. Does this have the National Safety Mark (NSM) on it? It is required in Canada.
Does this seat meet the Canadian safety standards? Can it be used in Canada?
Can anyone recommend a travel bag that will work with this seat? Thank you!
I currently have a chevy traverse and am looking at getting a suburban. Does anyone have these kinds of cars where the booster seat didn't work?
Does the back come off so this can be a backless booster?
Can you remove the cover to clean it?
My 7 year-old is 51 inches tall. Will this Britax Parkway high-backed booster seat will accommodate a child who is that tall?
Several reviewers complained about the seat belt guide piece - sounds like if the child leans forward &amp; the belt pulls out, it doesn't always retract? Anyone else having this issue?
I have a Volvo XC90 . When I installed the Parkway, the forward slope of the headrest wouldn't allow the seat to lean back properly for install?
Instructions say insert the seat back cylinder then lift to a point where it does not fall flat. Mine won't sit up on it's own. Is it defective?
I'm a Canadian customer. Does this have the National Safety Mark (NSM) on it? It is required in Canada.
Does this seat meet the Canadian safety standards? Can it be used in Canada?
Can anyone recommend a travel bag that will work with this seat? Thank you!
I currently have a chevy traverse and am looking at getting a suburban. Does anyone have these kinds of cars where the booster seat didn't work?
Does the back come off so this can be a backless booster?
Can you remove the cover to clean it?
My 7 year-old is 51 inches tall. Will this Britax Parkway high-backed booster seat will accommodate a child who is that tall?
Several reviewers complained about the seat belt guide piece - sounds like if the child leans forward &amp; the belt pulls out, it doesn't always retract? Anyone else having this issue?
I have a Volvo XC90 . When I installed the Parkway, the forward slope of the headrest wouldn't allow the seat to lean back properly for install?
Instructions say insert the seat back cylinder then lift to a point where it does not fall flat. Mine won't sit up on it's own. Is it defective?
I'm a Canadian customer. Does this have the National Safety Mark (NSM) on it? It is required in Canada.
Does this seat meet the Canadian safety standards? Can it be used in Canada?
Can anyone recommend a travel bag that will work with this seat? Thank you!
I currently have a chevy traverse and am looking at getting a suburban. Does anyone have these kinds of cars where the booster seat didn't work?
Does the back come off so this can be a backless booster?
Can you remove the cover to clean it?
My 7 year-old is 51 inches tall. Will this Britax Parkway high-backed booster seat will accommodate a child who is that tall?
Several reviewers complained about the seat belt guide piece - sounds like if the child leans forward &amp; the belt pulls out, it doesn't always retract? Anyone else having this issue?
I have a Volvo XC90 . When I installed the Parkway, the forward slope of the headrest wouldn't allow the seat to lean back properly for install?
Instructions say insert the seat back cylinder then lift to a point where it does not fall flat. Mine won't sit up on it's own. Is it defective?
I'm a Canadian customer. Does this have the National Safety Mark (NSM) on it? It is required in Canada.
Does this seat meet the Canadian safety standards? Can it be used in Canada?
Can anyone recommend a travel bag that will work with this seat? Thank you!
I currently have a chevy traverse and am looking at getting a suburban. Does anyone have these kinds of cars where the booster seat didn't work?
Does the back come off so this can be a backless booster?
Can you remove the cover to clean it?
work in 220v? in KOREA
If you leave it on setting 3 for more than 4 minutes does the milk continue to heat and get scalding or does it get to temp and keep it there?
Voltage? 110V or 220V? How many watts (power rating)?
Does this work in australia? Mindful of the power voltage difference.
Does it work with Playtex drop in bottles?
Can I use this in Japan, the voltage 110v ??
Can this be used with Medela bottles?
Oh..Hm.. First, Do i put water in warmer machine? or water only put in the baby bottle?? if first put in warmer machine, not failure??? I worry it.
Oh..Hm.. First, Do i put water in warmer machine? or water only put in the baby bottle?? if first put in warmer machine, not failure??? I worry it.
what do the numbers mean? the number on the body of warmer
anyone know the dimension of the large size?
Where is this mat made usa or china?
What is the cargo size dimensions for this large size playmat?
is this a genuine product , and does it come with dwinguler warranty ?
What is the size of this mat?
Is this free of for formamides?
how many times can use?
Would they work for a 3 month old or not until the baby starts solid foods?
Can you really flush these safely into a septic system?
Would these work okay for BumGenius Freetimes?
How well would these work with pocket diapers such as "Sunbaby?"
Are these liners absorbent? If so, how do the compare to a cloth insert or a disposable diaper?
Will these liners protect my cloth diapers from a zinc oxide-based diaper cream?
Has anyone had problems flushing these? Our plumbing is from the 1960s. From the warnings on the package, not clear if they're flushable.
Are these liners absorbent? If so, how do the compare to a cloth insert or a disposable diaper?
Which are softer, these or bumkins?
Does it have a safety release clasp?
Can someone tell me how long these necklaces are? My son is big for his age &amp; I want to make sure it's not too snug around his neck. Thanks!
How can I be sure this is authentic Baltic amber?
How long is this necklace? I purchased one (from a different site) that was too long for my daughter and I had to exchange it.
are they worn in the bath?
Approximately what size are the beads in mm?
what is the length of this? i am looking to get one for my daughter that just turned 4. i am unsure as to whether this will fit her.
Is there a difference in raw vs polished? I bought this one but my DD still is fussy and drooling like crazy.
how long do they last?
What color is the best? Do different colors have different effects?
Is this pillow free of fire retardants? I know it's supposedly free of synthetic materials.
is this suitable for petite moms? Like 5' tall and XS size before the pregnancy
Is this product made or manufactured in the United States?
Can two Gia Nursing Pillows be overlapped for tandem nursing of twins?
What is the average time this label will stay without peeling off, considering daily bottle wash?2,3,4 weeks?
Do these labels stick to silicone bottles?
Our daycare requires our child's name and the date of expressed milk on bottles. Do these tags allow you to change writing?
how would you remove the lable?
How many come in the package?
Does this product include the pen?
are those labels good for cotton fabric? or any other types of surface?
Would these work for bottles of essential oils? (would they resist oily hands?)
Would these adhere to fabric for labeling kids clothes?
Can I use this on a pacifier?
does this Avent pink milk bottle have inner ring?
What's the difference between these bottles and the newer ones available on Amazon? The "Avent Classic PLUS"
does this bottle come with a nipple or should the nipples be bought separately?
What size/type of nipples do these bottles come with?
Is this the same as the Sealy Crown Jewel Maternity Support Pillow?
Can you please tell me the dimensions of the bag?
Someone gave me this pillow, but the cover was missing. Is there a cover sold separately?
I am traveling internationally by airplane with my 1 year old daughter and wanted to know if its good for travel and can it be carried on the plan?
can i put infant car seat on top of Contours Lite Stroller, Tangerine?
My 19 month old is 34 inches tall. Will she outgrow this stroller very quickly?
Is there a peek-a-boo window in the canopy?
Hi does stroller recline enough for baby to nap comfortably?
What age is this stroller for?
how would you use this stroller for a newborn / small infant? it says minimum weight is 5lbs.
The child tray that is shown in the pictures here, does it come with the stroller? The child tray part wasn't there when I received the package!
How high is the handlebar of the stroller?
Is this okay for a newborn?
I have 2 babies, 2 separate bedrooms. If I purchase the 2 camera system, does it scan/display both rooms for sound/crying?
Can you use the additional camera as a replacement or do you have to have the main camera that came with the monitor to use the additional?
We have a slightly older model camera right now, model SEB-1017RW. Would this camera act as a replacement?
The camera has a night light and temperature sensor?
I lost the manual, where the setting to add the second camera?
how do you pair the second camera?
Does it come with the AC adapter to plug it into the wall?
Is this compatible with SEW 3037W, as the additional cameras are out of stock for that unit?
Does this system have a "sleep mode"? So that when there is no crying in the baby room, it turns off? Turns back on when there is crying or noise?
Are there additional steps to pair the second camera to the monitor? I have used the monitor menu "pairing" and button on the camera, but doesn't work
What is the difference b/w Roan Rocco Pram and Roan Kortina? Is that Roan Kortina doesn't have a ventilation in hood or just colours?
How do we purchase a replacement rain cover?
Can a car seat be latched on to the frame? Is there an adapter available for purchase?
I ordered the roan pram and was wondering if there is a tray that can fit on the handle to hold a drink
What is differnce between Roan Kortina Classic Pram Stroller 2-in-1and Roan Rocco Classic Pram Stroller 2-in-1
Does the pump angle or have a extractable hose? I have a double BOB stroller.
Is this pump head small enough to fit between the spokes of the front wheel of my Range Baby Trend jogging stroller? Cause a bike pump is too tall .
Is this hard to get on the stem to pump. We had another type and it was almost impossible to position between the spokes to use.
can this work on any stroller tires? I have in step safari stroller. thank you
Does this tire pump work with the BOB Revolution SE Stroller?
Can any owner please look at their product &amp; tell us how much power wattage (I don't mean voltage) does it require? Usually on bottom of unit. Thanks.
Can you use this to sterilize pumping parts and pacifiers?
As This product shows that It could be shipped outside the US So does it will work on 220v ?
Would I still have to wash the bottle parts with soap and water first? Or just rinse them with water and put them right into the steam cleaner?
What if forget add water before operation, assuming it will not start, but will alert beeping or not?
Can I use this with milk bottles from other brand?
Does it hold 8 oz Dr Brown's bottles?
Do you get bottles completely dry after sterilization? I see a lot of moisture on all parts
Few baby bottles fit in?
does this sterilizer work on 220V for international use or only 110V?
Is 44" talll to the top of the cabana, or to the top of the actual top of the play yard?
Interested in this for special needs child, is it padded inside for the occassional meltdown?
Does it protect them from blowing dirt and debris?
Can you put a mattress or mat on the floor of it to make it more cushiony?
how do you fold it back up
Why is this only $46.86: What is the difference??
How do they stack together? Are they stable that way - imagine children climbing on them..... Will the top one fall off or is it secured?
I wanted to use this to store the throws. Would it work? Does the middle divider come out.
could these be used to store shoes in an entryway?
Does the espresso color look black or is it more of a really dark brown wood color?
Engineered wood? What is that?
Is this piece sturdy enough to sit on? I was thinking of using it for a put on/put away shoe station
Wondering if anyone who owns these has a preference (2 bin or 3 bin) for storing books? Would one hold more or be better for books than the other?
can i order bins for my toy organizer that broke thur your co.
Are the espresso colors different on the 2 cubby and 3 cubby units as stated in a review?
What are the dimensions of the base?
Do these bins need to be placed against a wall? Is the back wood or just a board?
Can these bottles be warmed in a warmer? Is there a recommended warmer for them?
Do these bottles have a measurement that you can read so that you can fill a 9oz only 4oz to avoid having to buy the smaller size?
Where are the bottles made in?
I currently use Avent glass bottles (that have a venting nipple) and I'm wondering if I switch will my baby spit up more. Do these vent?
Can nipples of other brands fit onto these bottles? For example, Dr. Brown's nipples? I see great reviews for these bottles, but the nipples seem to h
Do the bottle measurements come in both oz and ml?
Do these fit Medela breast pumps?
What Stage nipples do the Lifefactory Bottles come with? Stage 1?
Does this crib come with a mattress?
If I set this up in one room, will it fit through a standard door frame to go into the nursery, or do I need to set it up in the nursery?
Does this come with the side rails to turn it into a twin/full sized bed?
Has anyone else had a problem with a strong chemical smell that takes a while to go away?
Can this model hold the weight of either two mattresses or one bed base and another mattress.
Do you have to buy a part to convert it to a toddler bed? If so, where can you buy it?
the only thing i need to do is remove a "wall" to convert this into a toddler bed? it seems the bed would need all 4 walls. Graco= unhelpful
what is the chemical odor?
How do you convert this crib to a toddler bed? There were no instructions provided.
I bought the cherry color crib, thinking I would have a boy, but it's a girl :) and I want to paint it white, what kind of paint I can use?
What kind of mattress support is used?
Is it solid wood or composite?
I do childcare in my home, so I need the proof of certification. Does it come with the crib?
Is this a true, bright white or an off-white?
how do i convert it into toddler bed? can i get the guard rail separately?
Has anyone tried using this as a headboard/footboard for a full size bed? Do you need to extra parts to covert to the adult bed or are they included?
No pictures of use as toddler bed. Does the side come completely off, or is there a side rail for part of the length?
Is the mattress support slats or springs?
does the rail drop to put/get baby in/out
how high are the mattress settings?
I need the assembly instructions for this crib. I lost them and customer service isn't available on weekends.
How do I convert this into a toddler bed, what parts do I need to buy
does any one know if this crib fits a standard size mattress? i have a mattress i want to use for the crib but not sure if it will fit...
Does the Sealy Soybean mattress fit well?
how do i convert this to a toddler bed?
I know baby jogger has come out with a 2013 second seat kit. Can anybody who has bought this let us know if this is a newer model? Thx
what year model is this seat? I have the 2012 stroller and want the matching seat! Baby Jogger has not been helpful.
Is this the 2013 model seat? We have the 2013 stroller and seat and I just want to make sure that the seats will look the same.
does the seat come with the frame the second seat?
What year is the seat? Can anyone let me know? I really need to get one ASAP?
Do you ship to Israel and what is the rates and ETA for it?
What year is the seat?
I have a 2011 model, is this model compatible. Also can you ship to Australia?
Is the 2nd seat being sold here the most recent edition? I heard the new seats are a little deeper, made with a little better quality fabric.
What year was this seat manufactured on?
Hi there, is this stroller compatible with Britax car seats? Thanks.
AlbeeBaby, or anyone that ordered from them. Can you tell me what year this stroller is? The older 2013 model? Or older/newer?
Can you use the original seat as a second seat and use adaptors to install a baby capsule/car seat as the alternate seat?
Can I put my 1 month old who is 10 lbs in this stroller without a car seat? We have a car seat, but no adapter.
Hello! Can you tell me which are the dimensions of the package? I can recieve the stroller in USA but after that I need to send the stroller to another country. Thank you
I notice the quartz is quite a bit cheaper and it has a newer version available, what's the difference?
what year is this stroller?
Do the front wheels lock on the 2013 model?
Why cant i get this shipped to me in Australia?
Has anyone used this for jogging/running?
will it fit a airbus
does this fit over the whole car seat? Will it fit a recaro car seat?
does this fit the safety first alpha omega elite?
This is a seat cover for a one year old car seat correct? Not the kind for tiny babies.
Will the cover fit in a booster seat?
Will it fit costos scenera model 22113?
will it fit an evenflo anyone?
will the car seat cup holder fit on the car seat with the seat cover?
will it fit a Graco high back booster seat?
CAN THIS GET INTO BRITAX B-SAFE BABY CAR SEAT?
After you pop the food out, do you thaw it in the microwave? How to you heat the frozen food?
Breast milk storage usage?
Are these trays BPA and BPS free?
Do sticky foods like pureed prunes and apricots pop out easily? I am having a problem getting them out of a similar product, which is also plastic.
is there a recycling code on these and what the # is? i'd like to know exactly what kind of plastic this is, thanks!
How do you stop the food from getting freezer burn? I made 2 trays of sweet potatoes and they are covered in ice crystals!
Are these trays BPA free?
I just ordered your starter kit I was wondering where I download the free e book with the recipes?
How can I pop the cubes out easily? Even if I push one end of them, it doesn't work most of the times.
My cubes don't pop out like many are saying -- they are pretty frozen, how do I get them out? I tried a spoon and pushing one end and nothing.
Can the monitor in the baby's room be plugged in or does it have to run on batteries?
A reviewer noted the vibrating aspect and that it would wake her up. How was it worn in bed? On the wrist, belt or under a pillow? I'm deaf.
Are there 2 channels? Can I buy two sets and use them in the same house? (Hey, I have a lot of kids :-)
does each unit come with a power adapter or do i get those separately?
Does the parent unit have to have the batteries to work? Why does it keep beeping if you take the batteries out?
Is the child unit also battery powered, so it could be moved from room to room without having to be plugged in, etc?
does the monitor beep or somehow warn you if you are out of range?
Anybody use this with sound machine? Interaction? Does monitor pick up machine noises and mistake for baby noises
Can the parent unit communicate to the childs unit? Like the vtech baby monitor.
Can you turn off the "light" feature? I just want the sound. Thanks for the help!
does each unit come with a power adapter or do i get those separately?
Does this monitor have a talk back feature where you can speak to your baby through the monitor?
Does adding a 2nd Graco set for a different room cause interference with each other?
Does it require wifi or internet something like that?
Can someone answer what is the voltage ? 110 or 220?
I am profoundly deaf and I need a monitor that would wake me up at night. Is the vibration feature strong enough to wake me up?
Does it flash when baby talk or cry??
does the baby unit that goes in the baby room have a battery option or can it only plug in?
I lost one of the parent units. If I purchase an additional parent unit will it work with the existing nursery unit?
Does it support 220v or only 110v?
Do the 16x32 covers fit this? This one says 16.5 x 32.5
where do I purchase covers for this pad?
How many straps does this have to secure it to the changing table?
What are the dimensions?
Does this changing pad have the California Prop 65 warning for hazardous chemicals on it?
Does this changing pad have straps to secure to the changing table?
Do the pad covers from Pottery Barn fit this insert?
Is this pad made in the USA?
Is the bottom non-skid enough so that I don't need to screw it into our dresser?
I may have just missed this somewhere but what age range is this for?
Bpa free?
What size are the balls? Trying to get a sense of how big they are.
The blue ball, since it is squishy will it collect dog/cat hair and create an impossibly gross toy?
are the blue ball and the red ball dishwasher safe?
I will be purchasing these as a gift- do they come in a manufacturer's box? I don't want to give 3 loose balls as a gift and have it look preowned! :)
The weight of the product is to ship
i ordered Sensory Ball Set 12/10/13 for christmas gift. it is 10 days later. when will i get them?
could you stick to tray on stroller? Im sure you could but im just wondering when you are done with your stroller and want to collapse it and put it in your car? Would you have to take it off every time, then maybe it would lose suction?
Can this toy be attached firmly to an Evenflo exersaucer? The Evenflo exersaucer has holes for its toy attachments.Can't find very many Evenflo toy
Is this toy dishwasher safe?
I am having trouble getting this to stick to my high chair. Have tried wetting it. Any ideas?
How loud is this? Is it something I could use at a restaurant or would it distract other guests?
This (brand new) toy loses suction (from high chair tray) after around 1 minute. Is it normal?
A favorite toy but the suction got so weak that it does not attach anything any more, even with hot water etc. Any suggestion to revive it?
How wide is the suction base?
For what age child?
suction
Is baby jesus removable from the manger?
Does any one remember how big is the box it comes in?
How do you set the stable up?
Where is this toy made?
is baby Jesus removable from his crib? Q&amp;A says yes but review says no. Does whole thing come out? Does he also come off hay?
Do the figurines stand up on their own or do they topple over?
Do the figurines stand up on their own or do they topple over?
Are the angels connected to the stable or can you remove them?
Does this thermometers give readings in Celsius too?
is it a medical grade thermometer? Can it be used on adults?
Does this item have an auto shut off feature?
I put in batteries andiIt doesn't turn on. Am I missing something? Went to return it and Amazon says I can't.t
is the reading equivalent to the norm 98.6
I'm interested in obtaining body temperatures from zoo animals, non-invasively but at close range. Would this thermometer work if pointed at a tongue?
How difficult is it to get an ACCURATE reading when dealing with a wiggly, constantly moving toddler who won't sit still for the full two seconds?
The main title says Fahrenheit readings, but the article has a feature of "unit switch", does it read Celsius as well?
can you measure the room temperature or bathtub water temperature?
does this unit work on dogs?
Can the gate be installed at an angle?
The product details does not state if the span in adjustable... what's the min and max distance this gate can mount to?
What is the size of the opening between the vertical bars? Would anyone have an exact measurement?
What color is this gate? Is it white or off white?
Is the "metal" version of this gate the exact same as the wood colored one?
what is the height measurements on the bottom two brackets, where screws go into the wall, on this gate?
Instrxns say not to mount into drywall (stud needed). Any way to make it secure enough if we don't have studs? Would wall anchors work?
Is this gate expandable? Or is it fixed at 42 inches? I am looking for something for a 30inch wide opening
Can the main portion of the gate be removed from the wall easily for storage when not in use?
Does this gate automatically shut? Thank you.
Has anyone tried sticking the road on their floor as displayed in the picture if so does it work well on the floor as well?
can I order more pieces of the track to add to it, without having to order the entire $34 package again? Thanks Sarah
Will these stick to the ceiling?
Will these work in a bathroom which will get high humidity and moisture on walls?
Will the race track stick to a tiled floor as shown on the picture?
How wide is the race track? 3
Are the tracks a dark grey or light?
Can I just use the tracks without the cars or the cars are printed on tracks?
How many pieces and what sizes are included?
does this work with a 3" decorative plate?
Can you get in from other side of door if locked on the other side? Basically, will one be locked out from the opposite side that lock is on?
Is there any way to install without removing the door handle? Looking to get one while visiting family and would rather not do anything so severe...
I want my toddler to be unable to twist the center knob on this type of handle which will lock her in? Does this baby lock help? Thanks in advance for
Will my four year old be able to handle these locks? I want him to be able to enter the bathrooms, but not my toddler! Thanks!
How is it installed?
Can the bassinet be used for overnight sleeping?
can the tires be dismounted by myself so I can put it in my suitcase on airplane?
Is the bassinet a separate attachment from the seat or does the seat turn into the bassinet?
Does this stroller have the option of adding a second seat (or 1 bassinet 1 opposite facing seat) so that it can accommodate another child?
What kind of car seat (model) would be good for this stroller? Where would it be sold (Walmart, Target, etc.,)?
What are the bassinet's dimensions inside( length/ depth/ width)?Thank you.
What is the *compacted* size of the stroller? I need to measure my car to see if it will fit. I found the open dimensions, but not the closed size.
Does this model have the mattress adjustments in the bassinet? Can it sit upright and degrees between flat?
Is it car seat compatible? If so what brands?
How fast is the shipping to the USA (NY)? //TO THE SELLER:Do you always have them in stock? ( planning to buy it in March)
Is it possible to purchase a second monitor to hook up to one camera? I'd like to have one monitor upstairs and one downstairs, for the nursery camera
My monitor is saying no signal. Cords are in correctly but still no picture it just stopped working any suggestions on how to fix it?
I dropped my monitor and the glass cracked. Does anyone know if it's possible to buy a new one (just the monitor) or somewhere to replace the glass?
I have had your monitor for two years, works great. This is my first time seeing red letters at the top right of my screen "H H C." What do they mean?
Can the image on the monitor/camera be flipped?
is this compatible with the color boost cameras?? 28810 and 28840?
how is the battery life?
Can you tell me if the power adapter accepts 220V/50Hz?, or if I can order it with one?
Does anyone know if you can reuse older cameras (e.g. BEST VIEW&#153; HANDHELD COLOR).with this monitor?
Does this camera have a light on it at night that would bother a sleeping baby? And does it have zoom?
What graco car seats does this base fit?
does this fit model #1758396 JJ?
Does this base work with the Graco Quattro Tour Sport (Model #1752033) system? Comes with the Graco Snugride car seat (up to 22-lbs).
Please, i would like to know if its possibile to use the quinny xtrazapp safety bar in this stroller ( quinny zapp xtra, rocking black). thank you
IS this same as http://www.amazon.com/Quinny-Stroller...
Hi I lost one of front wheel. Where can I find this replacement part? Thanks
Hi I lost one of front wheel. Where can I find this replacement part? Thanks
Does this stroller come with the seat
I am 6 feet tall. Is this stroller comfortable for tall people? Thank you
what year is this model?
hello,,how much shipping to indonesia?
Is this the folding seat one?
Hi, I live in San Diego. If I order it today, can I receive it before Friday?
Hi I purchased this product for a babyshower. Can I get the test report for the product? Thanks!
One of the photos shows the blocks on a flat floating surface in the tub - do they come with this piece so they can be used in the bathtub?
Can you give me the size of theses blocks?
What are the approximate measurements for each shape block?
Is there a smell when the package is first opened and the blocks first used?
Hi. Wondering if your EVA foam is formamide-free? Thank you!
Are these blocks BPA-free?
Where are these blocks made?
how big are they
Are there two complete sets enclosed in separate totes? - I have twins to buy for:)
Does this have ample padding on the sides (like prop r shopper) ? Baby isn't 100% stable at sitting yet being 6 months.
What's the purpose of the pillow? It looks like it obstructs baby's view. Is it detachable? If so, is it soft enough to bend around baby to prop up?
For the price, I'm REALLY hoping this is going to fit high chairs. Is this cover really worth the money?
Can this be used on high chairs?
Does this cart cover accommodate 2 children at the same time?
Does this cover contain chemical flame retardants?
Does this cover have any chemical flame retadants?
Is the belt that attaches to the seat expandable to secure carts that have ads across the slats such that only the other slats can be used to attach?
is there a belt that secures it to the cart that is separate from the seat belt for the child?
Anyone know the difference between the elite and original other than "flair"?
how many pictures fit per page?
Is there a place where you can write something next to the pictures??
Is the paper acid-free? Are there other materials used/avoided to help with preservation of photos?
does it have space for month to month photos?
R the customer photos from the girl 's book?
I just received this book but can't find the ink pad, where was it located?
Does this book have a place to record the order of the teeth coming in?
Does it convert easily from bike trailer to stroller? Can I bike to the store and then detach the bike hitch and push the stroller into the store?
Does this stroller have any type of suspension? If not, how smooth is the ride on a rougher trail?
The running wheel is pulling to the left; and is extremely hard to run with due to the pull. Any other suggestion besides checking the tire pressure?
I have a 6 month old and a 4 year old - can both kids get into this together? How big can the child be?
thule bike trailer
Can this be jogged with using the swivel wheels? I am looking for something that is better for lots of curvy roads!
How big does a child have to be for this stroller? I have twins and rec'd this from my husband for a gift. Not sure if I should return it and wait til
Is this toy machine washable?
Can anyone give feedback on how easy it is to actually stack the rings? Is the center post soft so that it bends a lot, or sturdier inside?
What age is this toy best for?
Can new born baby use this stroller? Is it compatible with Kiddy infant car seat?
Is this a Forey LX?
what kind of tray can i use with this stroller?
Can i attach a BuggyBoard to this?
Is it BPA free?
do the 8 OZ bottle comes with a medium flow nipple?
I'm looking to use this bottle with a newborn. Is the nipple flow rate made for a newborn (slow rate)?
Do these bottles take a long time to heat up due to it being silicone?
Do breast fed baby's like this nipple?
Does it fit in a bottle warmer?
I currently have the 5oz bottle and I'm really considering switching from Comotomo because the nipple collapses CONSTANTLY. How can I keep from that?
Is this bottle glass or plastic?
Where is the origin for the bottles?
Anyone try to pair the Comotomo top with a glass bottle? Which brand/kind fits?
Does this bottle come with a lid of some sort?
Can you use the disposable drop in bags with these bottles?
My bottle leaks, does anyone else have this problem?
It says 0-3 months - is that because of the 5 oz size? Do I have to change after 3 months?
How does this compare to Tommee Tippee? It looks very similar but I'm wondering if this is worth spending the extra $ as my son won't even take TT.
Does this version of the bottle come with the nipple included or just the bottle?
does it have ounce measurements marked on bottle?
does this bottle have the volume marks? I didn't see any mark on the bottle from the pic. Thanks.
I asked to deliver to me as gift, but there are no package box, only the bottles itself,. How can I give to someone as gift without package box?
Does it include slow-flow nipple?
Hi, Is the 6 month size with 3 holes or Y cut? Thank you
What's difference between 6 months and 6 M+? Does 6 months have two holes?
Can these nipples be used with other wide mouth bottles (Avent, Born Free, Kiki, Dr. Brown, etc)? Anybody tried that successfully?
Hi&#xFF0C; I&lsquo;m comfused about the size of 6Month($6.99) one and the fast filow($8.99) one. I don't know which one is three holes?
How long should I change the nipple?
what's the difference between fast flow 6 MOS , variable flow 6 MOS up and variable flow??
How to tell the difference between different flow of nipples by just looking at them? When I clean the bottles and take them apart, what is the diff?
can all these types of nipples work with 8ounce&amp;5ounce bottle?
What's the difference between 6 Months &amp; 6 Months up? I mean the number / shape of holes. Thanks!
I want to know if i buy 3 different size for 0-3M, 3-6M and 6M+ , is the extra est shipping chagre $6 only ? Or i need to pay for $ 18 ?
have any of you found a dishwasher basket that fits the comotomo nipples in it?
Is this made in the usa?
I just tried the 8 oz bottle for the fist time. The nipple collapsed when my baby was drinking from it. Does anyone know why this happens?
Do these bottles come with lids? Our day care in California law requires lids for bottles. Thanks.
Please told me could deliver to china? I.m living in china.
Just received my 8oz bottles in the mail and the nipples have 3 holes in them - uh, aren't these the "fast flow nipples" for 6+ months?
Can we put this in the freezer?
Did any of you whose picky baby accepted this bottle find a good sippy cup to use as the next step?
"Clean up is a breeze for mom." Is cleanup harder for dads and other adults?
for what ages?
How easy is the safety strap to clean? Is it removable?
Is this seat stable enough to just sit on the floor?
Can this be used for a 5 month old? She doesn't sit up by herself yet.
What's the difference between this model and the deluxe one? They are both from Fisher-Price and they look identical to me.
is the height adjustable?
Does this chair have different height options to raise and lower? Like the deluxe does?
Does it strap to the chair it is sitting on?
How big is the tray? Is there enough space to color with a coloring book?
Going back and forth between a white or gray crib to match this set...any recommendations?
Do you sell the curtain to match?
Is the bumper one piece or is it 4 pieces ?
would this bedding look good with espresso colored baby furniture?
Any for a 15 passenger ford van?
What size for a 2007 Toyota FJ Cruiser?
what size for Land Rover Defender 110?
what size is needed for a nissan rogue 2015
I have a 2010 dodge grand caravan do they make them to fit
Hello I have Audi Q5 2013. Does this product fit mySUV?
Will it fit on a grand jeep Cherokee 2013?
Hi! we have a Honda accord 2014..will it fit? Do you have the right size?
Hello, I have Hyundai Santa Fe Sport 2013. Which size of shade do I need?
Hi, I just wanted it for my front side window. We can't have in tinted windows where I live. Are you able to see out of the window well?
Does this work with a specific gate (presumably from the same company) or can I use my old gates? Thanks
Any chance this will work for an iron railing?
Can someone provide the dimensions? my banister poles are 42 inches apart and 37 inches high. WIll this fit? thanks
will this work outdoors? I would like to install this on an outdoor deck.
Are the dimensions for this circumference, diameter, etc? I have a square railing and I am trying to determine if this will work
Will this allow me to install a pressure mounted gate if the other side is a wall?
some reviews say you must drill a hole in your banister for this to work, others say no. Please, which is it?
if you have two balusters do you need two kits (ie: 4 brackets two round, two square?
Will it work with an extra tall gate 32"?
We have a square post (both top and bottom) and the wall on the other side of the steps. Will this work on a 3.5" by 3.5" post (top and bottom)?
Does this gate work well with baseboards? The doorway has a 33" opening at the bottom but a 36" opening at the top.
how is wide
Can this be pressure mounted only, meaning not drilling the cups it comes with into the wall?
Is there a bar at the bottom that could be tripped over?
Will this work in a hallway opening that is 30" wide at the bottom (due to baseboards) and 31" wide at the top?
How wide is this gate? I have a 41'' opening at bottom of the stairs
Could this gate be used outside?
Where can you get the 5-1/2-inch and 11-inch extensions to allow this to fit a larger opening?
Also, when you first open the box, does the gate look like its worped...the lock does not meet the gate? thanks
Can you leave this gate open?
My 2.5 year old has pushed over every other gate we've gotten. She will push it (with her legs) and it will either completely fall over, or she will be able to slide between the opening she just created and get out. Anybody had any problems with this...
what size opening will it fit?
would this gate work for a medium size pitbull
Does this door open both ways once installed or do you have to decide before installation which way you want it to open?
Can this gate be used for cats?
I wish this came in black. Am I missing it? I only see the extra tall one in black, but that won't fit my banister.
Can this be used by pressure mounting and if so, can a toddler knock it over?
How wide is the part you walk thru?
What no-drill mounting kit do you suggest for either a square post that is 1-1/4" wide or 6" wide at the bottom of a staircase?
Is the paint on the gate low or zero VOC (Volatile Organic Chemicals)?
How much clearance is there between the wall and the gate at the bottom? I want to see if it will fit with the baseboard trim.
Does this expand to 40 inches as the box in the product description indicates?
Is anyone else having the gate fly right past the connection point if you swing it closed too quickly?
Any tips for getting my gate to slide onto the wall mount? The video makes it look so easy but mine stops at about one inch down.
Can anyone measure out for me what the width of open space there is between the aluminum slats? I have a cat that needs restriction. Thanks!
Has anybody mounted this gate to a banister? Was it effective? We have a double-banister.
Is locking the gate loud or is it pretty quiet?
I watched the video and don't see how the gate closes securely is there a lock or safety catch
We have a clear opening of 42 inches. Is this gate wide enough? I thought I read somewhere it only fits up to 40 inches.
Is the gate itself 30.5 inches in height, or is that the installed height?
When you remove the gate from the mounting strips, how far do they stick out on either side (how much is the width of the door opening reduced)?
Love this gate...BUT i just measured my stair openings and one is 43 and the other is 44. I see the max is 40...is there anyway to make it wider?
Does this need to be mounted on a wall on both sides? how would you attach to a stair banister/rail/post?
How far apart is the widest openings between slats?
Is the mounting hardware on either side (top and bottom) thicker than 1 1/2"?
We have a 70 lb dog that will try to get to the other side of this gate (to go down stairs) with all his force. Will this gate hold up to such force?
Some reviews are saying it falls right out of the wall. Does it really need to be installed into a stud? That's not an option where I need it.
can a 3 year old open this easily?
Could older children open this easily? I have a 7, 6 and 3 yr old that have their bedrooms in the basement but we have another baby on the way and wan
I have a 42" opening at the top of my stairs. Will this gate fit there? I haven't seen how wide it is, just the height?!
What is the maximum spacing between the bars, please?
Can this gate be installed in an angle? I have stairs with a handrail on one side and a wall on another and I don't want to cut the handrail.
Would it be ok to attach the weight-bearing hinged side to our solid bannister but have the other side plastic catches attached to drywall with anchors?
What is the distance between the bars? I want to use it at the bottom of my stairs for my dog.
So this gate goes down to fit a 25 inch door opening? My door opening is 27in and if it does not go down to 25 then i cant use it
Where can you purchase replacement hinges for the baby gate? I looked on the munchkin website and I did a search for hinges and replacement parts.
does this gate have the ability to stay open or is it an automatically closing gate?
Are pressure-mount hardware included with this gate or is it only to be used with permanent/screw mounts?
squeaky hinges
How wide is it?
is this a pressure gate? no nailing to the wall
Will this gate stay open or does it automatically close? I would like to leave it open when not in use.
How wide are the circles that push against the wall?
I have two openings that I need a gate for, one is 49" and the other 51 1/2". Does anyone know if this gate will work?
My gate door does not reach the latch thus I cannot lock the gate and it just swings open. Is there a piece that extends the latch or something? Its about 3 inch gap between the latch and door latch.
What is the size of the gate opening? Also will it fit (without an extension) in a doorway of 37.5" - 38"?
I need a gate for a 48.5" wide doorway. Looks like with the extensions included, this gate might work. How does the install for the extensions?
Does the door auto-lock if you swing it shut? Or do you need your hand on the latch mechanism to close and lock the door?
What is the distancew between the individual slats?
My opening is 49.75" wide...will this work?
Are they waterproof?
What age do these work up to (how many months)?
Do these have plastic on the underneath side?
Is this a side close or back close bib?
Are these snap or velcro?
What is the actual measurements of this bib and what diameter is the neck opening? How does it close &amp; is the neck adjustable?
Are these bibs big enough for a two year old (of average size), or just for infants? Thanks!
Are these bibs suitable for fabric paints or iron ons?
Where can I get a new battery for the parent unit?
where do i get a replacement battery
Does it have a feature of controlling the sensitivity?
Is this unit 110 V-220V? thank you
Can rechargeable batteries be used with this baby monitor?
Can BOTH baby and parent units run on batteries?
Has anyone tried dying these with fabric dye, such as RIT?
What is the dimension of each bib?
Can these bibs be decorated using fabric markers? Or are they truly terry cloth? Thanks!
what size kids/neck do these fit? there is no measurements...
Can you decorate on these with fabric markers?
Has anyone tried decorating these with fabric crayons? The iron transfer crayons? Did it work?
has anyone tried tye dying these?
If we used fabric markers &amp; stencils to decorate at a baby shower, would they work for this? The terry cloth part had me wondering... Thanks!
Can these bibs be silk screened?
Does the bib have waterproof layer?
Can it fit the standard crib mattress size? I'm concerned as the short description says it fits a changing pad which is much smaller.
Features n details also claims it's 100% organic cotton while description only says its 100% cotton. Is it organic?
Question about the product: Does this product include the crib bumper?
What plates do you use with Lil'Diner? I see from the answers Playtex and possibly Oxo Tot. Any other plates that will work with it?
What is the measurement on the suction base? I'm not sure it will fit our tray.
What brand of dishes work best with this product?
Has anyone tried this with the oxo tot plate?
Does anyone have a recommendation for a compartmented dish that will work with this suction cup? The ones I have don't work because of raised text.
How to stop and resume the rocking movement?
Does this cradle sway/swing side to side?
Can this be used with an infant?
What is the maximum weight for this cradle?
HELP! Can someone tell me how to change the batteries?
Where is it made?
Can you ship this product to the UK or Germany? Will there be an additional shipping cost?
Is there really only one volume setting, loud? Is it irritating?
why is this one 27.99 and the other 17.76...is this same product?
How does it compare with the similar product made by embrionics?
My daughter throws tantrums and bashes her head into the slats of her crib (she is 15 months old, not an infant)--will this cushion the slats?
Will this fit if I have the mattress height up to the highest level?
So, this isn't a full set of bumpers for the crib; only 2 individual bumpers?
Can you leave off the part with the noise and lights, or is it built in?
What size of portable crib mattress I need for this crib?
I see that the mattress is machine-washable. Can the rest of the playard be removed (the sides and bottom netting) and machine washed?
sheet
Is it OK to use as a bassinet for a newborn everyday?
Does this stroller do well on pavement or is it exclusively for trails?
Does this work well for a newborn, or just older children?
what is the maximum weight it can support?
what is the best stroller for the beach?
Can you elevate the footrest when baby is sleeping?
Can this be attached to another B.O.B. jogger stroller?
Does this stroller have the handbrake on the handle bar?
Is this compatible with a car seat? If so, Which ones?
does this stroller work well on sand/at the beach? Any recommendations?
what is the size unassembly?
I just got this model, but am having trouble finding a good mattress for it (baby doesn't sleep well on the one it came with). Any recommendations?
is it hard to take down?
can the bassinet section fit into the bottom, so that it would be more comfortable for an older baby?
Can I purchase risers for this product to match the height of my bed?
I'm expecting in May and moving to a new house in July. My babies are often big (both over 9 lbs). Will I be able to use this as a nightly bassinet
How do I get the short rails to lock in place?
Is this the 2013 model for sale at this price?
Is this not a suitable stroller for an older child (3, but not a big 3, probably 35 inches tall)
Attn Tall people: Wondering about the handle height for someone 6'0? Also my son is 41", is he close to the max height to sit comfortably? TY!
Can Maxi- Cosi 30 infant car seat be mounted on this or other Bob's revolution twins strollers, and are mounting parts available through Bob Revolutio
I'm renting this stroller for an upcoming vacation for use with my 15 week old baby girls. Is this a suitable stroller for infants?
Will this stand upright when folded for storage or do you have to lay it down?
Can the seats be set at different inclines from one another, or do they both move together? My infant likes more incline than toddler.
Will not ship to APO, despite what ad says. Does any have a trick to ship to APO?
do the seats recline if the kids want to nap?
Can I use my Chico infant carseat on one side and put my 2 yr old on the other?
Is there anyway to adapt the front wheel so that it will swivel? I didn't realize the implications of a fixed wheel for everyday use.
Do the sun shades come all the way down in front? I have a 6 month old and I want to be able to shade his face completely when jogging into the sun.
Do this stroller fit in Toyota camry? Did anyone has international traveling experience with this?
I'm 6'5" and I have a hard time with my feet hitting the rear axle of most strollers, especially if I try to jog. Can anyone 6'3"+tell me if you experience the same or if the handle is long enough to prevent that from happening?
How does this stroller handle on gravel roads?
How Young can the child be to run in? I have a Month old baby and wanted to know if I should use the carrier attachment or just thee stroller.
would a 4 year old fit in this? about 40" tall? I also have a 15month old but would like something for walks and jogging~!?
How much do the seats recline?
How does this version compare to the Ironman dual version for serious running?
Ok, I have a 48lb 6 year old and a 24lb 13 month old. Do you think it would be too heavy to jog with in your opinion?
Does it work well on the beach in the sand?
How is the ride on gravel roads? I plan on walking or jogging about 5-6 miles on country gravel roads daily. Is the suspension enough?
Good for running
Is this the BOB Revolution SE 20011 or 2013?? I'm inclined to believe that this is the 2010 model because it does not state anywhere that it is either the 2011 or 2013 model. That might explain that deep discount - still a good stroller but I'm looking...
Has anyone ever had the fabric tear at the foot of the stroller (where the kids stand to get in)? TIA for your help!
have a 5 year old daughter and she is 40 lbs, until what weight can I use this to?
Is it ever a problem to not have a hand brake? Do you need to avoid hills and bridges with this model?
Is this stroller good for walking/running on beach sand?
when the canopy on the stroller is collapsed, it hits my 8 month old child in the head. Anyone else have this problem? Is there a way to fix this?
Is there a front adapter to hitch on to pull it behind a bike? Thanks for your answer
Is a cup holder included?
Does this stroller fit through normal doorways?
How to repair the Bob stroller handle bar?
Can you have a 1 year old in one side &amp; a baby car seat on the other in the twin stroller?
Is this a good jogging/running stroller or is their ironman better equipped for this?
twins: Does the Duallie stroller have the capability to hold two car seats for twins?
Is this 2013 model?
Does anyone know if this stroller will fit in the trunk of a Toyota Camry? Also debating between the fixed wheel and the swivel. Will mainly be used for walking on rough roads with some hills, no jogging, with a nb and a 2 yr old. Recommendations?...
Do the tires need a special air pump? Any recommendations for a pump? Thanks.
Do the seats recline separately?
how much is the recommended weight per seat, 100 each or both combined? my 1 year old is already 26lb, so i am concerned about how it is going to hold
Does this fit in the trunk of a 2012 Volkswagon Jetta?
What is the difference between this one the "fitness stroller" and the "revolution" they look like the same thing?
Have any of you had success taking this stroller on "non-active" outings, like to the mall, stores, etc.? A little concerned about the width...
Do this stroller fit in Toyota camry? Did anyone has international traveling experience with this?
Would this fit in the trunk of a sedan?
I've read reviews that indicate some BOB strollers sag in the middle. Has anyone had experience with the Duallie Fitness?
Is the warranty for this storller honored if you buy it on amazon?
Has anyone had one that doesn't track quite straight? Is it easy to fix? Thanks!
How tall is the handlebar. I am 5' 3" would it be ok for me? My husband is 6' 1"? Help?
Is there any way I can attach a bassinet to that stroller?
Does it come with a rain cover or is there an optional rain cover? I'm in the PNW and strollers are useless if there is no rain protection.
How hard is it to wash the fabric of the stroller?
Does anyone else have the navy stroller? Mine just came and the canopy almost looks purple. It doesn't match exactly to the body color navy.
How old does my baby have to be to start using this stroller? Is there enough head support for a 7-month-old?
Would you recommend this stroller for every day use? What are the major differences between an every day stroller and this one? We live in the city.
What do I need to attach an infant car seat to this stroller? Is there an additional attachment needed? Will Chico car seats be compatible? Thanks!
Is this stroller's handlebar adjustable?
Is there a warrantee?
I live on a hill with a paved street. Would this be the best model for me? Would a hand brake be safest for going down a hill?
What is the recommended age for a baby to start riding in this stroller?
Ironman has an affixed front wheel v. the Revolution model with flexible turning front wheel - do you really need a flexible front wheel for jogging?
Do I need the adaptor for the Bob-B-Safe carseat... or will the carseat attach to the stroller without the adaptor?
What's the folded dimension of this stroller?
Will the stroller be good for jogging through snow?
Does this stroller ship to South Africa?
Is the handlebar adjustable?
Up to what age/ height/ weight can this stroller be used with toddlers (when used for running)?
Did anybody used it on the beach?Thanks!
Can a child sleep comfortably in this stroller? Does it collapse to a certain degree for an 18 month old to sleep in?
What's the difference between this and the revolution se?
1. does this stroller come with a rain cover and 2. is the foot space big enough for a taller kid? it looks kind of small on the photos.
How good is this stroller on different terrain? We are looking for a stroller we can use at the beach and go off road.
Is the handlebar height of the Bob Strides the same as the Bob Revolution SE?
Have any of you experienced any fading with your red Bob stroller?
when running (running, not jogging), does the front wheel wobble/shake at all?
Does this stroller come with the car seat adapter? It's mentioned in the product description.
Is this a light weight stroller
Is the handle adjustable for taller parents?
Twins on the way! Can you fit two infant seat adapters for two carseats in this??
can a tall 5 yr old and a tall 3 yr old ride in a BOB Revolution SE Duallie Stroller
I am looking for a double jogging stroller to carry my 42in 3 year old and my newborn. Does anyone know if this stroller will have enough head room?
Does having the duallie car seat adapter on with snack tray on the toddler side make it difficult for the toddler to get into the stroller?
I was wondering if the single peg perego carseat adapter will fit the double stroller?
Does anyone know the model year on this double Bob?
Can this stroller handle two car seats (using the adapters) at the same time?
What do I do to fix a flat? I tried a bike pump and the valve was too big, is there a specific size?
I went to check this stroller out at a store. The canopies were EXTREMELY lopsided when open-almost a 45 degree angle. Is this the norm?
Is the only difference between this one and the Bob Revolution Flex that this one does not have an adjustable handlebar?
Does this convert to a travel system? if so which base and car seat should i buy
Why is this so expensive here? I would love this color but this is almost 200 dollars more than THIS YEARS MODELS brand new.
Can I use Graco infant car seat with this?
Can we use the Chico KeyFit 30 infant carseat with this stroller - http://www.amazon.com/Chicco-Keyfit-I... ? thanks.
what is the head height on this stroller?
Does the wheels need to be pumped first before using it?
Will this fit in the trunk of a small car?
Do you think its possible for this to be my only stroller? Is it really practical for the mall, etc?
How tall is the handlebar? My husband and I are tall so need a stroller that won't make us hunch over.
Can this be used for a newborn / infant?
I'm wondering if I should get a compact stroller in addition to this one? is this stroller to big to go into stores? Small stores like at the mall?
Does the back open up (with mesh) to allow air flow if fully reclined?
What size are the inner tubes?
First week, the back left tire popped - is there a warranty? Should not have to buy new tubes so soon.
How does this work for an older/taller child? Like a 4~5 year old. I cannot find specs on the seat itself.
Has anyone traveled with this stroller internationally? Is it a pain at the airport?
Hi! I am a brand new BOB owner. What is this red strap dangling from the handle bar for? It looks like it's suppose to click onto something.
I have a tall skinny 5 year old and a newborn. My 5 year old is 46in and only 41lbs. Do you think he would fit ok?
I'm trying to decide which double bob to order. I have a revolution but live in an area with brick streets. Run 15-20 miles a week.
Is this a good stroller for gravel roads?
What is the inches measurement of the seat back (from where their bottom sits to the top of their head).
has anyone used one of the seats with a carseat and the other for a toddler? I have a 5 mo old and 2.5 year old and curious if that set up works...
What is the maximum recommended height of a child in order to comfortably sit in the BOB ironman stroller?
does the double stroller run well with only one child in it? we have a 19 month old, but will grow our family soon. will it work now? with only one?
Do your kids feet ever go near the front tire? Is it possible for tall kids to get their foot stuck in it while seated?
Can the handle height be adjusted? I'm 6' 5" and worried it will be too low.
Where are the products made? Germany, the United States or China?
Are these dishwasher safe?
Are these glass or plastic bottles?
All. how many bottles has the box?
Material: Does this set contain the plastic bottles or the glass ones?
Can you let me know the size and weight of the box of the shipment of this product
I want to know if this seat car comes with the seat base included?
What year is the manufacture date of this car seat?
Is this car seat compatible with the 2013 mountain buggy urban jungle?
when does this car seat model expire?
If I buy this car seat would it fit my stroller, that I bought 5 years ago? I believe # of my stroller is:34197
Can you confirm the manufacture date for this car seat?
is it convertible to a car seat, like in the most of the images, right?!?
does this work with the peg perego pilko p3 stoller?
how heavy is the car seat alone? The spec note indicates 21lbs, is that the weight of both the car seat and the base?
Is this color apple green?
Among all the colors shown here, which ones have manufacturing date of 2013? Thanks!
Does the included infant support work well, or should I invest in a better one?
Is this car seat including the connection stuff with Peg-Perego stroller?
Is the "up" handle position safe for driving, or is ta "carrying only" position?
For $149 does this come with a base?
Can you pls confirm the manufacture date of this car seat? Thanks.
Does this car seat fit in the 60/40 double stroller?
Hi, I see that the seat is from 2011, when is the labeled expiration date of the car seat and the base? Thanks!
Hi, I have a "Peg-Perego Pliko P3 Compact Stroller, Java" and would like to buy this product...can you please reconfirm if its adjustable 100% to it?
Hi, is this item shipping to auckland,Newzealand?
Weight question: Many of the reviews here talk about this car seat being heavy, but the product dimensions list the weight at a measly 11 lbs, vs the Graco Snugride 32 and 35s respectively at 15.7-16.8 lbs, Combi Shuttle at 17 lbs, and Babytrend Flex...
Has anyone purchased the newer "Training Time" version of this cup? Is it still able to squeeze the bottom to get liquid up? I can't seem to do it...
I'm confused by some of the reviews. Can these cups be squeezed or not? Does squeezing ability depend on weather it is the 6 oz. or 7 oz. size?
Is the straw open or do you have to bite the straw in order to get liquid out?
Can these cups be squeezed or not? Does squeezing depend on if it's the 6oz. or the 7oz. size?
do these straw cups have a measurement scale?
are there replacement straws available for this cup?
Anybody else had straw discoloration where the straw meets the cup? Not visible if you dont remove the straw from the cup.
How do you clean the straw? Does it come with a brush to clean the straw?
How does the Ameda Purely Yours compare to the Medela Pump in Style? Anyone tried both?
How long does an average pumping session take? Instructions say 20 min but I heard from a few users as long as 40 min compared to Medela.
Is there a warranty?
are all Ameda Purely Yours Breast Pump BPA free even if it doesn't claim it anywhere??
How many bottles come with the pump?
What is size of this breast flange? How many bottles will I get?
is this pump electric or manual
How good is The First Years miPump Double Breast Pump
Is the motor producted in different Countries?Why some seller signed its origin is China, and some is Mexico or USA?
What is the difference of $129.99 and $102.38 about the ameda pump?
I see that it does not recline, but what is the angle of recline for rear-facing? or Is it fully upright?
The cover of ours doesn't stay on the seat. Did we get a defective version or is this a known problem with this seat?
Does this seat recline for smaller infants?
rare facing
What is the rear facing height maximum?
Does this seat have a tether?
Does this have the sticker that it is approved for air travel?
can the carseat be put in without the latch system using the seat buckle?
Hi, We have a small Rav4 and a roomy Toyota Sienna. I like Safety 1st Complete Air Seabreeze seat and this seat. Best advice on fit in either vehicle?
I see that it does not recline, but what is the angle of recline for rear-facing? or Is it fully upright?
The cover of ours doesn't stay on the seat. Did we get a defective version or is this a known problem with this seat?
Does this seat recline for smaller infants?
rare facing
What is the rear facing height maximum?
Does this seat have a tether?
Does this have the sticker that it is approved for air travel?
can the carseat be put in without the latch system using the seat buckle?
Hi, We have a small Rav4 and a roomy Toyota Sienna. I like Safety 1st Complete Air Seabreeze seat and this seat. Best advice on fit in either vehicle?
Can you adjust how wide the door is cracked? I need something to use on closet (that has my small cat's litter box inside) to my big cat out.
Can this be used for front doors? We want to use it for our front door since our daughter has figured how to open it by herself.
Can a 3 1/2 year old easily open this? I have a 13 month old that I want to keep out of the bathroom, but I want my 3 yr old to get in and out.
How do you prevent pinched fingers at the hinged (opposite) side of the door?
Would this work on a swinging door?
What is a good front door lock? I have Lever handles through my apartment
is this one made of metal or painted plastic?(i have used the plastic ones and my son can break thru...)
what do you recommend for door that are 1 3/4 " thick ? this product is too small for that !
Does this always leave a crack open in the door? I want the door shut, but trying to prevent my 2 year old from escaping in the middle of the night!
Does this work on pocket doors?
Can I use this monitor not connected to wifi?
Will this connect to a tablet?
Does this unit operate on both battery &amp; power supply? Is the power supply 110-220?
loud
The description did not state you had to hook monitor to a laptop or device in order to use the skype feature. Has this changed?
Is this item waterproof?
My daughter is nearing 30" in length. At what point is this footmuff too small/short for the kids?
Is this a genuine Baby Jogger footmuff? If so, where is the logo?
Is it possible to use this with the City Elite 2014?
Is it possible to use this with the City Mini?
Does this one fit the City Select?
What size mattress would be best for this crib?
Hi i'd like to know th exactly size of the box, im going to buy it an i need to know the shipping cost!
Is there the plastic teething guard built in on the top of the rails on this crib?
does this crib come with mattress
Does it come with the rails for the conversion to a twin bed?
Hi, what is the height from the ground to the matress?
I purchased this crib and a Safety-1st-Heavenly-Dreams-Mattress to go with it. Why is there a 1 inch gap bt the crib and the mattress at the top??
Hi, where do I purchase the bed rails to convert the crib to a bed?
What is the package dimension/box size upon delivery?
Does this crib meet ASTM specifications?
does this come with a pad for the diaper changer?
I need use a courier to send the crib to Venezuela. But, i dont know what is exactly the shipping box dimensions and the weight . I need that information
does this product includes the small crib mattress?
Has someone recently bought an Eden Crib in Espresso? What is the manufacturer's date on it, I need to get the building instructions from manufacter
Is this included? "item qualifies for a promotion. For a limited time, place a single order of $250 or more in qualifying Nursery products..."
When is the expiration date?
are these nipples re-useable? can i sterlize them?
are these standard or slow flow? Thank you
Is there Vinyl covering? Is it VOC safe? Anyone know..thanks in advance
Just because it say's it is waterproof, wouldn't you still want to use a zippered allergen mattress protector, knowing this is for a first baby?
Can you use both sides of the mattress -- (i.e. is it reversible) or should you only have it with the sticker facing up?
Does this fit well in a Graco crib? We have the Graco Lauren crib.
Will this mattress fit in a DaVinci Jenny Lind convertible crib?
I have read reviews stating that this particular mattress was actually made by Kolcraft. Is this a Kolcraft product or a true Sealy Product? Regrets on purchasing this product?
Can I use this with Angel Care movement monitor?
are all the mattress has plastic cover? we have simmon mattress and my babies sweat a lot when they sleep at night. what kind of material is the cover
What is the warranty?
Debating on this mattress, or the Sealy Soybean Foam-Core. Anyone wish they bought the Foam-Core instead?
is this car seat carrier compatible with Maxi Cosi Mico car seat?
hi, Does this Infant Car Seat carrier fit all kinds car seats? Thanks, Elizabeth
does it come with a strap for chicco keyfit
Is anyone using this with the Maxi Cosi carrier? It says you need a strap for this car seat, is this something you buy separate?
Will this fit the Cosco car seat?
Does this come with a sun canopy?
does it need an adapter to fix it?
can I use the carrier with a toddler sit?
Is it compatible with maxi cosi car seat?
Does it work with the peg perego 30/30, snapping in?
is this car seat carrier compatible with Maxi Cosi Mico car seat?
hi, Does this Infant Car Seat carrier fit all kinds car seats? Thanks, Elizabeth
does it come with a strap for chicco keyfit
Is anyone using this with the Maxi Cosi carrier? It says you need a strap for this car seat, is this something you buy separate?
Will this fit the Cosco car seat?
Does this come with a sun canopy?
does it need an adapter to fix it?
can I use the carrier with a toddler sit?
Is it compatible with maxi cosi car seat?
Does it work with the peg perego 30/30, snapping in?
is this car seat carrier compatible with Maxi Cosi Mico car seat?
hi, Does this Infant Car Seat carrier fit all kinds car seats? Thanks, Elizabeth
does it come with a strap for chicco keyfit
Is anyone using this with the Maxi Cosi carrier? It says you need a strap for this car seat, is this something you buy separate?
Will this fit the Cosco car seat?
Does this come with a sun canopy?
does it need an adapter to fix it?
can I use the carrier with a toddler sit?
Is it compatible with maxi cosi car seat?
Does it work with the peg perego 30/30, snapping in?
where are they made? Are they entirely made of silicone?
Where are these made?
Where are these made?
I notice there are some price differences...some 19.99 some 14.99 or 12.99, but can't figure difference in product. Can you explain?
Is this necklace suppose to be worn around baby's NECK 24/7 (during napping, bedtime, bathing, etc)?
Is it true that the necklace loses it's effectiveness if wet? and if so is there a way to reverse that?
how many inches is the necklace? I don't think it could be 6.5 inches.
I didn't get a certificate of authenticity, was that suppose to be included?
I can't figure out the length of this necklace... Could somone measure it? Thanks!
Do I need to worry about my baby strangling? Will it break if it starts to get to tight on her neck?
I'm looking at the description of this necklace and the other necklace that's $19.99.Too small for my babies neck. Which one is the longer necklace?
Is the necklace strong? I'm nervous of it breaking and my daughter chocking on the beads
Does this have a safety clasp?
Does this bag only have one strap or can it also be used as a backpack?
Is this diaper bag green or brown camo? Different pics look both ways.
insulated bags included?
Hello im interested in this diaper bag so i need to know if it got a changing pad ...thanks
How come you can't deliver to Calgary AB Canada? This is the perfect bag for my Brother!
where was product manufactured?
Does it have separate pockets on the inside or is it one big bag?
What are the fasteners? Are those really buckles? Or are those just decoration? It seems like buckles would be hard to use.
Is there something that mounts permanently to the outside of the cabinet, or just the magnet on the inside?
Thinking of using in RV to keep the doors closed while traveling. Anyone used them for this? If not, do you think they would keep closed?
Can a person use a regular magnet to unlock, or does it need to be the Safety First "key" magnet?
Could these be installed for drawers? Especially drawers that are not very high, so there's no clearance for a drill or short screwdriver.
Would these locks secure cabinet doors closed with enough force to hold snug against weatherstrip, creating a strong seal?
what is the pounds of force these hold?
How big are the locks themselves? Trying to gauge whether they will fit on the wooden part of our glass cabinet doors.
Does this come with a template for installation?
Has anyone tried using the product on small sliding doors? For example, the doors on a wooden TV stand, thanks in advance.
Will the magnet work through nearly 2 inches of wood? Through the drawer front and the face as well?
Do you have to wash the cover every time you change? Or is it only the prefolds that have to be washed every time?
How to wash them ?
Why do I need snappies with these, as some people have suggested in the reviews?
Is this pack all white or is it one white cover, one purple cover, and one orange cover as shown in some of the pictures?
Is there a leg gusset on this brand? How does it compare to a Best Bottom Diaper cover?
does it fit newborns?
what are the diapers made of? What fabric is the prefold made of? Thank you
My husband is rather wide. Are baby's legs going to be split too far open if she is facing him and has to straddle?
I'm a plus-sized mom. Is there a waist extension available for the waist belt/strap?
What is the maximum width the backpack will go around a person?
Will the Ergo-baby Infant insert work with this product? http://www.amazon.com/ERGObaby-Origin...
How old/What weight is it when you can wear this carrier w/ baby on your back?
What is the weight limit for this product?
How hot did you find this? I live where it is rather warm (over 70 most days).
Is the fabric this baby carrier is made of soft?
What is the length of circumfrence of the waist strap?
I've tried to put my 6-week old baby on this carrier but it's so difficult and dangerous to do it by myself. Any tips?
Does this adapter work for Graco Snugride 30 (Classic Connect) ? It says in the description that it works for the 32 and 35, but does not mention 30.
The title says it is for Chicco infant seats, but after reading the description it says it only works with Graco. I need an adapter for a Chicco.
Does the adapter fit a Graco SnugRide Classic Connect &#153; 22 Infant Car Seat?
Does this work with Graco Snugride Click Connect 30?
Does this adapter fit on the BOB Motion stroller?
Does this adapter work with the Graco MySize 65?
Will this work on the Bob Revolution SE with a Graco snug ride 35 infant car seat?
Okay seeing mixed reviews does this work on the GRACO SUNGRIDE 35??
does this adaptor work with the BOB Revolution stroller?
Does this work for a Maclaren Quest Stroller?
Do the bob and chicco keyfit 30 infant car seat work together?
When you are using the adaptor in the BOB does the sun shade on the stroller still work?
graco click connect
My neighbor gifted me a 10 to 11-year old BOB jogging stroller. We have a Chicco car seat. Would this adapter work with an older stroller?
Will this fit the Graco snug ride click connect 30?
Does this adapter work with the grace snugfit click and connect 35 car seat?
I've heard the Chicco adapter fits the Graco Snugride Click Connect 35 is this true?
We're missing the user manual for this, what is the child's maximum weight for using this adapter with the BOB stroller?
Just to be clear, I can use this adapter to put my Chicco Keyfit carseat into my Bob Revolution stroller, correct? The wording on the these products
Does this adapter come with a red strap that screws into the stroller and clips over the carseat?
Can I do other folds than the trifold with these? And is there enough material that I can use a snappi if I want to?
How would you rate the absorbancy compared to imagine or green mountain diaper prefolds?
Does the 4x8x4 vs the 4x6x4 refer to the number of layers of cloth?
Do they shrink after the 3 rounds of initial prep boiling/washing?
Is it possible to use with GroVia Kiwi Pie Wool Cover and GroVia Cloth diaper shell? Or is it really better to use with Thirsties?
Are the measurements before or after washing?
What cloth diaper cover brand AND style do you recommend/ is most compatible with prefolds?
Where are these trifolds made?
Do these fit in newborn diaper covers?
Does this size (says it fits 6-16 lbs) fit a newborn without having to be doubled over in the front or back?
can these be used with a snappi?
What are the actual dimensions of the premium and toddler sizes after prepping?
where are these made?
Love the idea of better fit. Am I compromising on absorbency compared to regular prefolds? &amp; Premium vs toddler? Moving to Africa need to pack light!
When will the infant 4x8x4 be available again?
Are these bottles BPA free? I have found no information about this.
Where can I buy just the 10oz duck pattern bottle?
Is this picture accurate for color/design?
What is the flow on this? I am looking for Medium flow.
Are these bottles made by glass?
The color is the one showing in the picture? because the picture is yelow/green/blue and teh description says yellow/pink/green...
It is these bottles equipped with bottle caps, as i cannot found it on the pictures. i mean there should be one cover on the nipple to protect..
Are these bottles BPA free? I have found no information about this.
Where can I buy just the 10oz duck pattern bottle?
Is this picture accurate for color/design?
What is the flow on this? I am looking for Medium flow.
Are these bottles made by glass?
The color is the one showing in the picture? because the picture is yelow/green/blue and teh description says yellow/pink/green...
It is these bottles equipped with bottle caps, as i cannot found it on the pictures. i mean there should be one cover on the nipple to protect..
does this fit standard neck bottles?
The flow is really slow...is there something wrong? It's slower than a medium flow nipple. Is there a way to fix this?
do NUK sippy cups have spout in different sizes like for 6 moths, 1 year etc
Would these fit a regular mouth mason jar?
Do these fit Philips Avent bottles and cups?
Will this work with the nuk trendline sippy cup?
Does the spout go with all the Nuk bottles?
Has anyone tried this with the Born Free brand bottles?
Is there a 12 month + one that could be shipped?
I have a 33 lbs 2.5 year old I just need something for grandmas house for a weekend trip and between this one and "kel gar' any input?
What are the interior dimensions?
Can this bath tub be used for newborn baby?
Is there a saddle horn inside to keep baby from slipping forward?
Does this have a drain on the bottom?
If I use this for my infant in the large tub, will there still be room for my 2 year old to sit in the large tub at the other end?
toddler
Do you have to do anything special to get the temperature display to work? Mine does not appear to do anything.
Is there a weight limit on this inflatable bath tub?
What are the inside dimensions of the tub? Debating whether or not to purchase for my 5 month old - the plastic tub doesn't cut it any more.
How young can the baby be? 7 mon ok?
Does it have suction cups at the bottom so it won't slip &amp; is it slippery when the baby is inside?
What are the inside dimensions of the main compartment?
Will this tub damage a bathtub that has been painted instead of restored?
How do you pump air into this? What did you use to pump air into this?
has anyone used this tub with twins, or two kids at the same time? if so, how did it work out?
Does it have a plug at the bottom for letting the water out?
Do we need to put holes at all the Nozzle to blow the Air into it?
Is it suitable for 2 years old girl ?
This tub has couple of openings to fill air in different segments. And these opening are very big. I am unable to find a pump to fill air.
Does it fit inside a regular bath tub?
How did you inflate this bathtub? There are several spouts to plug a bicycle pump in but none of them seem to have holes to inflate through.
Is it fine to use this bath tub for 2 month old baby?
My sun is 3 years old, is this tub suitable?
what do you use to inflate this tub and how long does it take to inflate?
What are the dimension when inflated? What are the dimension where the toddler/baby sit in?
Can anyone tell me what the name of the songs are?
What is the recommended age for this toy?
Can you bring this toy in the bathtub?
I am thinking about buying this for my daughter, what kind of packaging does it come in when you receive it?
sings in Spanish? or language does not matter?
How would this toy be for a three-year-old? Too young?
Is this toy supposed to come with a mirror atop turtle's head? Mine didn't... just a blank blue space.
Munchkin Mozart Magic Cube vs Baby Einstein Baby Neptune Ocean Orchestra Musical Toy --- which is better for 1 yr olds?
Munchkin Mozart Magic Cube vs Baby Einstein Baby Neptune Ocean Orchestra Musical Toy --- which is better for 1 yr olds?
How long does the music play before it automatically shuts off?
Has the claim in one review been verified concerning PVA in this toy? Is the level within government standards?
what is the youngest age for these, 3 months?
Why does product description at the top say Made in USA but in technical details it says Origin: China?
How many of them make a sound?
So does this toy still contain PVA (toxic chemical)?
What is the diameter of these balls?
What is the diameter of these balls?
Can you use this to travel on airplane? Is it FAA approved?
The knobs on the side are extremely difficult to turn for his grandmother. Can they be loosened or made more easy to turn?
does child's head slump forward while sleeping?
Convertible car seat that goes up to 65 lbs for smaller vehicles: Any one have any suggestions?
where are they made
What is the age range
Are these machine washable?
What about the "chemical taste" that people are noting? Has this been resolved?
What size are they?
I would love to know if I will be getting one block or what the picture shows am confused? Help!
Is it 4 blocks or the whole alphabet?
How many blocks are included?
Are these blocks machine washable?
Do you have to drill holes on the outside of your cabinets to use this?
I cant imagine having to get the key out to unlock the drawers in the kitchen every time I need something. Is it really more convenient than the latch
Does anyone have a picture of what these look like installed?
can i order extra keys?
Has anyone tried using these on drawers?
Is there a chance of the magnet scratching the paint on the cabnitry?
Does anyone know if these are strong enough to stop a house cat that is a Houdini of opening cabinets? Thx
what are the dimensions of the locking mechanism and the catch?
Is it easy to uninstall, if you live in a rental?
How many locks are provided in this set?
Is this package come with cup holder?
Is it made in China? or other country?
Is this suitable from birth? For a one-month-old? Or does it not recline enough?
Is this 2013 or 2014?
what will be the size of the box ?
can this be flatten ,lying position ,like the peg perego uno??
Does this seat work inside compact or small cars? It seems pretty tall and all the photos use SUVs
Is the seat cover fabric padded at all? In other words, how hard is this seat?
Does this seat have the ancor clips that hold it in place?
latch
Can this seat be used for a 2 year old that weighs 26 pounds?
Weight: Can anyone who has this seat let me know which weight range is correct?
Does this seat get hot in the sun?
My baby is 3 years old but 39 inches, can we use this Car Seat?
Can a four year old sleep comfortably in it without head falling forward
Is this seat preassembled, ready to be placed in car upon receipt?
4-piece or 3-piece set??? Is there a fourth item that comes with this set???
long? and high? long?
Pictures are confusing&hellip; does this set come with a padded stripes border bumper or thin solid brown border bumper?
The pictures vary in color. The first pictures colors are more vibrant than all the other pictures. Which is the accurate color for the set?
what's the material made out of this?
hi this producs inclued the bumper..?
flame resistant?
What is the measure of the width, height and length is padded bumpers?
Will this set fit a mini crib?
does this set fits in all Australian standard cribs?
Are these flushable?
Are these meant to be re-used ? or disposed of after each use ?
Quantity per Package: How many come in a package?
Is it BPA free?
Does the cup in this set have a handle
Is it microwave safe?
Can anyone tell me the height of the changing-table portion of this? I am tall, and am trying to figure out whether I'd be bending over a lot.
Where can I buy a changing pad &amp; cover to fit the Jayden 4 in 1 Convertible Portable Crib with Changer?
I need to know what size mattress fits in this, and what size sheets fit? Also what size changing table pad and sheets will fit?
Does anyone know where to get the conversion kit for this crib? I can't seem to find anything online.
What size is the mattress? What size is the changing table?
Can the changing table be attached on either side?
I need to know where I can find a changing pad fits with the changing table size? because I bought two changing pads, and they were too big.
This car seat adapter on that stroller? We need anything else??
Can the baby seat be adjusted to face the opposite way? (facing the pusher)
They are packaged separately? What is the total size of the package?
The Maxi Cosi is the "Mico AP" or just "Mico" ?(there are differences between two models).Thanks
Hello. The cart seat that comes on this package works on with the Quinny or just on the car? Thanks in advance.
Hello, is the base of the carseat included in this pack?
Does the Maxi-Cosi base come with "isofix"?
Is it good for running?
does the stroller/Car seat have a date expiration? As it can no longer be used by a certain date do to safety requirements or anything. I would have no problems picking my newborn at the hostipal with the carseat.
Can this stroller be use to go running?
Just got from Amazon, and it seems super unstable to me. Toddler can't stand on it and I see a 30 degree sway of the handle both ways. Normal??
Anyone use it with Mountain Buggy +One when it is in doubles mode?
Do you think it would be possible to attach TWO Freerider Kiddie Boards to the back of a BOB single jogger?
Has anyone tried to use the freerider to get through the airport. How easy is it to collapse and carry on the plane? Is this even possible? Thanks.
Does this Mountain Buggy Freerider work with the BOB Duallie?
Can you connect other scooters (such as the Mini Micro Scooter) to the Mountain Buggy using this connector?
Will this (mountain buggy freerider kiddie board) fit/work/install on a britax b-agile double stroller? If so, which connector do I need? Thanks!
does this attatch to phil and teds dot stroller? and what attatcher type do i need?
To install this rear facing in a car, does it have the belts w/ latches or do you have to run a seatbelt through it to secure?
Will this fit on an airline seat (coach)?
Has anyone purchased a 3rd party cup holder that is working well for you? We need a REAL cup holder. The one included is terrible.
I hear the cup holder is a pain..is there a way of removing it from the car seat?
what all colors make up this carseat. It looks like different colors on different websites.
If installed rear facing, do you have to keep it in the most reclined position, or can you use the other upright seat positions?
Do these have one-piece lids? Does anyone know if they leak if accidentally turned upside down? Thank you!
can you freeze the bottles?
What specific type of plastic are these made of? I'm hoping for a #5 in the recycling symbol, which is polypropylene.
Are these compatible w/ Medela pumps?
Can I put these bottles in a bottle warmer?
Do these bottles fit Medela pumps?
Anyone knows if these bottles can put in the freezer?
Does this bottle fit on a medella breast pump?
is it ok for microwave steam sterilization?
where is this made in? china, mexico...?
does it come with the adapter already/
May i know whats the power volt outlet for the adapter? Is it 110v ~220v. Thank you.
Am I only able to use evenflo bottles?
Could you please give me some oz / time references?
Dose it BPA free?
110 volt or 240 volt ?
Dose it BPA free?
Does this come with different-sized flanges?
i'm looking for a suction device to help family member with tonsil stones. If I remove the cup shape and add a tube, do you think it would work?
It says that it needs batteries to work. So you can use this pump solely relying upon batteries and not having to plug it into a wall?
Our baby is due in March and we live in GA. How much use do you think we will get out of this?
Does this fit gracco 35 click carseat?
My son is 8 months old and I need some kind of cover for the colder months. Is this really only for newborns? Not sure with head placement &amp; the hole
The sneak peak window, is it just a hole or is it plastic covered?
When this product is used should the baby have a snowsuit on as well? I live in the midwest winters here can be brutal.
Can you wash this?
Does it fit chicco key fit car seat
Will this fit Graco SnugRide 40?
Does this fit a Britax B-safe car seat?
what material is it made of
are they unscented?
What age range is this item for? I'm not sure what "newborn" really means.
are these pacifiers bpa free?
What are the dimensions of the mattress? I'd like to buy organic cotton fitted sheets for it.
Has anybody managed to fold it back? If yes, how did you do it. I'm desperate. :(
Is this 2013 model? I found that 2013 has drawstring recline instead of buckle. But buybuybaby deosn't carry this color.
Does this have a strap at the back so that I can carry on my shoulder after I fold this?
Is the rain cover included?
The product information says that it includes a bumper, but there was no picture or description of the bumper. Could you give me that information?
Does it come with a mattress cover?
Is that a 2014 model? new version?
Will this work with an angel care monitor?
What are the demensions of just the hammock area?
I am needing an extra monitor for summer slim &amp; secure #02800/05. What do I need to order?
Does this new camera filter out whitenoise?
Is it possible to get the audio from both cameras transmitted to the reciever simultaniously?
Is this camera compatible with the 28520 model?
is this compatible with the 02004 model?
Is this compatible with monitor model 02000z?
May I know if the extra camera comes with the battery pack?
extra camera: Can the additional cameras for the baby touch monitor scan and zoom like the one that comes with it?
I am wondering if a regular crib mattress would fit in the bottom of this? Has anyone tried it? I see the dimensions look close to the same size...
Does this item come with the mattress sheet?
Would a toddler (22 months &amp; 30" tall) who can climb out of a pack-n-play also be able to climb out of this travel crib?
Does this bassinet come with adaptors for the city mini?
is it soft? i mean, can i fold it or it's made of hard plastic material? Thanks!
does this come withe the adapter?
Is it possible to wash the material surrounding the bassinet?
does the bassinet pram face you or out?
Does this Pram work with the Summit X3 Double? If so, can two prams be used at once for twins?
What are the interior dimensions?
what are the dimensions of this pram. is it the same as the pram for the city select?
i see a handle in the compact pram that mean i can used as a carrier too?
Do you have the mounting bracket for sale separately?
does this fit the Simmons Madisson collection?
Does this fit the Madisson crib?
Will this fit the Elite / Slimbertime Elite crib? (expresso truffle)
Does this fit the Madison crib?
what is the dimension of the fitted sheet and flat top sheet?
What size pillow will fit the pillow case?
I purchased a twin bed. Will this fit on a twin bed?
Is this for a twin bed?
Does the ottoman have the pull out nursing feature?
Can you fit a boppy pillow comfortably around your waist?
Are the cushion covers removable and easily cleaned?
Does it have side pockets for items such as bottles, pacifiers and such?
What is the weight limit for this chair? (Meaning, how many lbs. can this chair hold via occupants?)
Do both the chair and the ottoman have a locking mechanism on them?
What is the size of the shipping box for this item?
how is this model different from model # C20-84A-69-3091?
Width of seat?
Is the multiposition mechanism and the reclining mechanism two separate functions? looks like recline / multiposition is one in the same in pics.
Does this one have the pockets just under the arm rests?
Are the bearing covered? Does the chair glide quietly or does it squeak?
Does this ottoman have nursing feature? The pull out feature?
Is the cushion seat comfortable and firm or does it sink to the wood when sitting down?
How does it compare to - &gt; http://www.amazon.com/Dutailier-Cushi... ?
can you sit on the ottaman?
replacement cushion
Can you rock while it is in the reclined position? Our is it one or the other?
Does it make noises after a while? Thx!!
Can you rock while the back is reclined with this chair, or does the back have to be in a certain position to rock?
Is any of the material removable/washable, or is it spot-clean with a rag only?
I read width 27" x depth 31" x height 42.5"..other variation of chair comes 33 width and an inch bigger/smaller size. Which one would be better?
I just purchased the multi-position recliner. Both knobs seem loose and wobble. Is this normal?
What are the dimensions of the box it is shipped in?
Some owners mention a nursing footstool, but I'm only seeing an ottoman. Which is it?
Can I just buy new cushions?
Does this chair have the "auto-lock" feature such that it can't glide unless you're sitting in it?
I'm 5'10". Is the back of this chair tall enough for me to put my head back against it?
I just use this product for two weeks and now it just stop functioning. Can i get warranty from customer service in Malaysia?
Does this breast pump come with any other items besides the breast pump like a bag or any bottles?
Oversea Warranty: If i bought a Philips AVENT BPA Free Twin Electric Breast Pump from amazon,will the warranty still apply in my country(singapore) ?
Does is operate off batteries
1. Can this one used by 220V? 2. Can this one used batteries when there's no power supply outdoors? 4. Is this one better than the single one?
Anyone have any suggestions on how to travel with this pump? It doesn't have a battery pack, or icepack...
Will this work with dr browns bottles or medela?
What does this package come with? is it just the pump?
Can you message us and let us know how you like the pump still we are stuck between getting this one or the newer model number scf334/04 but that one does not have the memory function.
I bough this pump on 2011.I found that there're very noisy sound come from the pump. And I called CS in Hong Kong but they can't help, what can I do?
Product info doesn't say which nipple types are included. 0+ months? 3+ months? Is it a variety of nipple types for as they grow or just one type?
Philips AVENT BPA Free Classic Polypropylene Essentials Gift Set is not imported product?
Does the bottles on this kit needs the blue ring? is it included?thanks
How much is the 2 sets of the freight
Can you only use the avent bottles in the sterilizer? Also does anyone have the warmer that you can get and if so will it only fit the avent bottles?
Other than inclusion of the sterilizer, what is the difference between this product and the "Philips AVENT BPA Free Classic Infant Starter Gift Set"?
What's the difference between estherilizador and stirilizer?
Can I use this bottles to store my breast milk in the fridge and/or freezer?! Is it designated to this purpose?!!
Are the bottles made by glasses`!?
Is this any anti-burp bottle in this set?
is it include the 4 jars?
does it work on 220v
Will this work with soy or almond milk?
Just poured the lukewarm milk/dry milk/yogurt into the jars and turned it on. But why do I have so much mix leftover? 2.5 cups leftover go to waste??
Can this product be used with 220volts electricity? I am planning of buying this as a gift for a friend in Singapore which uses 220v
information about supply voltage. does it work manually?. Thanks
insurance?
After the machine mixed the powder &amp; water &amp; warm the milk, do you've to wait for the milk temperature to go down before feeding baby?
Is this input voltage 110-250V or 110V only?
I got mine and it left the formula clumpy and even burned some to the side. Is there something I could have done incorrectly?
Is there a warranty on this item?
How does it mix the formula with the water
it is 110v or 220v&#xFF1F;
where can I get a manual for this item
Where can I get copies of the instructional manual and the recipe booklet? Electronic versions would work, I lost mine :(
How do you store the baby food after you make it?
it means that it is not usefull for Europa?
Is it new?
is it fit for new born baby?
I will buy this and ship to china&#xFF0C;can you tell me&#xFF0C;how packaging item&#xFF1F;Because I wanted it as a gift for my friend, thank you
Can I wash it in the dishwasher?
Can I put wash it in the dishwasher?
can you mix and match the tops of these with the avent Natural line?
Do you have a case study?
is this philps avent made usa
hi i was wondering if the package of bottles is wrapped up sealed?
Are these standard mouth or wide mouth? i.e. will they fit on a breast pump without a converter?
Is item available for shipping to Thailand? If I buy 2 items (more than $35), is it free of charge for shipping?
Is the spout made of plastic or silicone? I'm wondering if any part of the liquid comes in contact with plastic.
What is the recommended beginning age for this sippy?
If liquid is left in this and it gets miss placed will that cause it to rust?
Where is this product made?
Does this come with the insert to make it a sippy cup without the straw?
Is this sippy cup with a straw or just a straw like top? And is it actually non spill?
Is it safe to warm up milk in it? The teachers use a crockpot at daycare to warm up the milk, will this be okay?
Does milk sit in the top of the spout at all?
Does this come with a lid or a non-spill feature?
I'm looking for a non-plastic cup that my kids can drink a thin smoothie from on the way to daycare. Will this work?
where are these made?
Does this model come with a straw? I received mine today, and it did not have one...
What material is the spout made from?
Does this come with a spout cover all valve options as listed on other listing pictures?
Why is this cup leaving a metallic smell and taste into her drinks?
What age is this recommended for?
Does the child have to suck to get liquid or does it pour out? How easy is cleaning?
What is the cap/spout made of? Silicone?
Does the rubber coating keep beverages cold?
Is this straw plastic?
Is this Food Grade Stainless Steel? Not all stainless steel is created equal!
Is the plastic part made of tritan?
Does this including the straw??
How much weight can the organizer hold?
Does the part that fits over the closet bar have Velcro or do you just slide it on? I have a wire bar so I don't know if it would work.
Is this item machine washable once dividers are removed? When open and hanging, how long is this item?
Does the bin with handle that is pictured come with this?
how easy is to clean it ?
Will these fit ice cube sized food cubes? And has anyone microwaved them to thaw the food? On high to defrost?
is it hard to squeeze ?
how do you assemble it
Does the front wheel swivel AND lock in place?
can someone please help me with the dimensions of the package this item is shipped in
Will the tires go flat are they plastic or made of rubber
Does anyone know how this stroller compares to the City Versa (also reversible) besides the price?
Does it work with the Safety 1st infant car seats?
Is the handlebar adjustable? I'm not quite 5'2" so I don't know that a handlebar that works at 5'10"+ would work well.
Is the seat cushion actually a cushion or just fabric covering a bumpy plastic butt bruiser?
I need to know the box dimensions because I want to take it overseas as a gift and I have to check it as luggage. Could you help me out?
Does the foot brake lever slide down and start to engage from shaky bumpier ground?
Could this stroller be used on a dirt road or the wheels not designed for rough surfaces? Thanks!
Can you order just the monitor part? the camera is fine, we just need another monitor
Does this monitor pan and tilt?
When using two cameras, can you set this to play sound for whichever camera is receiving it, or do you have to select one of the cameras to listen to?
Is the pump built into the bag, or can it be used separately without carrying the bag?
can you use any kind of bottles for this cause im wanting to use glass bottles thanks
Is there enough space in teh bag to not need to also carry a purse? For example I'd want to put keys, wallet, smartphone, and maybe ipad mini.
How big of a pain is cleanup and maintenance? I am concerned about the parts being high maintenance and afraid they will grow mold easily.
Does it come with some bottles? The product description doesn't say anything about it, but it looks like there are 4 in the picture...
Can you please tell me what the Medela PersonalFit Breastshields size comes with ? S M L XL XXL? Thank you .
what size nipple comes with this set? my baby likes it and id like to get more
Can i ask what is included with this Medela PIS Breast pump?
Battery only? Does this product come with an adapter to plug into a regular outlet if you choose?
Does it come with a warranty
What is the weight limit
Will this hook to any trailer? I have a bike carrier but its missing the part you hook to the bike to pull it. Was wondering if this is what i need?
is this the actual trailer or parts for the trailer?
does it work with a 20 inch bike
Is it a full trail or is it just the little things
Can this hold two children, and what is the weight limit
What trailer/carriage would be best with this kit?
how many kids can fit in these seats?
Does it fold down for storage?
Does anyone know if the seats come out entirely? I would like to put my 4 little 15lb Jack Russell's in it. Thanks :-)
i am 22 in my mind is a toddler why is hard for me to i cant undo buckles
Is it small enough for a 14 month old who is almost 30" tall and weighs 24 lbs? Does the leash attach to the bottom or top of the backpack?
Is it large enough for a 3 year old
how long is the tail?
Is it any good for a breastfeeding mother or mainly for formula fed babies?
will dr brown bottles fit
dose the thermos made by plastic? if it dose, is it BPA free?
Will this overheat or be damaging when using a plastic Medea bottle?
Does the Philip Avent Natural bottle fit in it?
How much water does it hold?
does it fit all kinds of bottles
Does it fit a Phillips Avent 9 oz bottle?
Approximately how long does it take to warm 4 oz of breast milk in a bottle? Thanks
Does it come with any box? I just received the item, but it's not boxed or wrapped.
i am 22 in my mind is a toddler why is hard for me to i cant undo buckles
Is it small enough for a 14 month old who is almost 30" tall and weighs 24 lbs? Does the leash attach to the bottom or top of the backpack?
Is it large enough for a 3 year old
how long is the tail?
How narrow is the inside? Can you fit a Dr. Brown's bottle plus an ice pack?
Will these fit the dr browns bottles?
Will these fit the Tommie tippie closer to nature 9 oz bottles??
Do you have to use an ice pack if using it for breastmilk?
For how long does it keep bottle warm?
Are there any sippy cups that fit in them? Have a seven month old now, and wondering if they'll hold juice/milk/water for the next couple years.
Does it hold bottles of other brands such as modela and avent?
Is there enough room to put anything to cool inside? If pumping into TT bottles I need a way to store cool until home from work...
Would this be too big for a Dr. Browns 4 oz bottle? Would the bottle topple inside and cause milk to spill out?
Hi! Would a 12-ounce soda can fit in this bottle bag? Thanks in advance!
Are the nipples that come with the 3-pack 9 oz set low-flow or medium-flow?
Do the ounce markings on the bottle get rubbed off after multiple washes?
Are these bottles glass? Are they thermo-resistant ? Will they shatter when I boil them or warm them in a bottle warmer?
Will I be able to use these bottles for my 6 month old? Or would the nipple size be too small?
How tall is this bottle with the nipple and cap on?
How many pieces are these bottles to clean? Is it just the nipple, lid, and bottle, or are there extra venting pieces on the inside?
Are the bottles glass?
Do these work with the medulla advanced breast pump?
is it only useful for breastmilk, can whole milk work too?
Is this the bottle same as close to nature? http://www.amazon.com/Tommee-Tippee-C...
Would this work on a round, glass table?
Would this work for a small baby who is still gaining stability sitting on her own?
Is it secure
How is the "BOTTOM SUPPORT" of this seat designed? Will it be comfortable for EVERYDAY &amp;Longterm,Continued use of 25lbs 2yr old?
How deep and wide is the attachment part? Meaning how much overhang or table space is needed to attach it?
due to a series of unfortunate events we lost one of the end sections of the Davinci Porter crib how can we find another one?
does it come will all the necessary parts to do all 4 conversions?
Does the matress come with the crib?
The description says "Multicolor nightlight," what colors display?
Does this product support 220v?
hi guys, may i know the incoming voltage for the power adaptor? 100V or 230V? Many thanks :)
My child has lost the balls and was wondering where I can order more?
what is the diameter of the balls?
If the balls are left off the lamp and they stop glowing, how long do they need to stay on the lamp again before they can be taken off again?
Hello! Please tell me the weight of this item with packaging?
Is it suitable for my son to read a book in bed without straining?
What is the approximate diameter of the Balls?
Do the balls bounce?
What bottles is this compatible with?
Has anyone tried this with the Avent natural?
Is the cap on these dispensers tight enough so that when you shake formula for mixing, it doesn't leak. Or are you just supposed to store dry formula
Is this product dishwasher and/or steamer safe?
are they reusable?
can it store breast milk too
Do these somehow attach to the opening of the bottle? Does the white bottle ring twist over it to secure it in place?
I want to confirm that you can fit this container in a 9 oz bottle filled with 8oz of water
So the dispenser is immersed in the water in the bottle??
what is the size of each dispenser?
Do you need a separate waterproof mattress pad for this mattress? Do you need a separate waterproof mattress pad for this mattress?
Does this mattress fit Pottery Barn Kendall crib?
Does anyone find this mattress to be too firm for their baby or toddler? I realize firm is necessary, but this is very firm!
Because this is seamless, thus curving a bit toward the edges, does it pose a problem with the child rolling toward the edge of the crib or bed?
Does this mattress fit the Baby Mod Parklane 3-in-1?
Does this mattress fit the Delta Bennington Bell 4 in 1 Lifetime Crib?
Does the waterproof covering make noise?
Will this fit the DaVinci Autumn crib?
Does anyone know if it fits the babyletto modo 3 in 1 crib?
I looked at this product yesterday and spent the night researching. Now I'm ready to buy and the price is much different, why?
Is it worth getting this mattress w/ the dual firmness vs the classic which is just the firm infant side? Is there a noticeable diff between sides?
What crib sheets work with mattress? I'm finding that standard sheets are too small.
Does anyone find this mattress to be too firm for their baby or toddler? I realize firm is necessary, but this is very firm!
Because this is seamless, thus curving a bit toward the edges, does it pose a problem with the child rolling toward the edge of the crib or bed?
Have you noticed any sagging after a few months of use?
Have you noticed any sagging after a few months of use?
Does this fit with pottery barn kendall crib
Will the Babysense Hisense Safety Monitor (http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00GTX269A?... work underneath this mattress?
Which waterproof mattress cover do you use with this mattress?
Will this mattress fit the Pottery Barn Madison crib?
Will a standard changing pad fit this crib? If not, do you know where to buy one that will fit?
Is this the same as the Cape Cod 4-1 Convertible crib and changer combo set, SKU#U01462?
Can you adjust the height of the crib mattress?
what kind of wood is the crib made out of?
instruction manual
What is the size of the crib without the dresser/changer? I am wondering if the size is similar to another crib without the changer/dresser. Thanks
Does the changing table fit a standard 30" changing pad?
Was there any off gassing or strange smells once this crib was put together?
What is French White
What are the measurements for the internal portion of the crib? I want to make sure the mattress I am planning on will fit.
Will this fit the 2012 Britax B-Ready?
Is this item for the 2014 vista?
does it fit the vista 2012?
I bought this, used the snack tray once, popped it out to clean it and for the life of me cannot get it to snap back on. What am I doing wrong??
Does it fit Britax B-Agile??
Will this fit the mamas and papas stroller?
does this fit a g-lite uppababy model
Is it compatible with a combi?
does tray comes with attachments for the stroller frame?
Does this fit the 2010 vista stroller
We have a 2012 uppababy vista in cole- I am considering buy a color swap kit in lindsey color- how has this color held up? Any issues with stains?
What year is this model?
How much to ship to the UK
Is the mattress hard/soft enough for a baby to sleep on (without extra cushion underneath, say put it directly on hardwood floor)?
Can the bed be picked up with the baby in it so he can be carried from room to room without being woken?
Is this suitable for a 1 year old (29"+ long)? Looking for something smaller than a pack n play for international travel.
Would you recommend this instead of a pack and play? Or did you use this in addition to a pack and play?
How would I clean up spit up or diaper leaks? The matress is cotton/polyester, fitted sheet is 100% cotton. I can't find any waterproof protectors.
Could this be used with a rocking moses basket base?
Would this fit on two empty seats of an airplane?
Do you think this would work as a bassinet substitution from birth until the baby is too big?
Hi, I am going to be moving a few months after my baby is born. Is this a suitable bassinett for the first three months (meaning, to sleep at night)?
Is the length of the bed just 17"?
Has anyone bought this bag for a Britax B-ready? I want to be sure that it would fit. I know it is similar size to the vista and city select.
Does this fit the 2014 Uppa Vista?
Does this bag fit the new 2015 Uppababy VIsta?
Has anyone used this travel bag for a Baby Jogger City Select without having to remove the wheels? Otherwise, what travel bags would you recommend?
Does stokke xplory fits in this bag?
Does this fit the bassinet?
Are there wheels on the outside of this bag? I can't tell from the photos/description.
what is the dimension of the packaging? as i need to send it overseas, thanks!
Does the bag hold the toddler seat as well as the base?
does this fit a Baby Jogger City Select with the two seats?
Does anyone know if this toy is compatable with the Fisher Price Look a Rounds or FP Roll a Rounds?
Does anyone have the Bright Starts Shake Activity Balls and know if they are compatible with this toy?
Is it possible to buy two of these and connect them to make a taller tower?
can you order more balls for this toy?
Does anyone know which kind of replacement ball we could use?
Are ping pong balls the same size ball? Our balls got lost the first day we got it. He loves it but we need more balls
Is there a stopper or do the balls roll away from the toy?
Is there anyplace that I can buy replacement balls?
what size are the balls?
Just bought this and the balls did not come in the box. Do I need to return the product? Can I get the balls sent to me? Are the balls not included?
Is this real amber?
safety and effectivness
Is it real amber
How long is this neckalce? I would like to compare the length with my baby's neck.
How does this lock or latch in place? How easy is it to be removed?
I apologize in advance if I missed it somewhere, but what is the best way to clean this necklace?
The necklace just fits around a chubby neck, no room to reach her mouth. Is there an extender or longer size?
Is this polished or raw?
Is this one as pictured&acirc;&#128;&brvbar;the darker brown amber?
What color is this necklace? I'm looking for the lighter honey color.
Can I use these without the liner? I accidentally bought the wrong kind.
are the nipples and leads included? if yes what is the stage of flow of the nipple?
do these come with nipple a and leads?
Do these work with the First Years Breast Pump ?
What are the sterilizer's dimensions? My microwave opening is 10.5 X 7 inches.
can 8oz bottles fit in it
Is this BPA-Free?
If I'm using a larger bottle, like a nine ounce, and I lay it down in the sterilizer... it'll still sanitize right? Do they have to be Upright?
Do the bottle have to be dry before putting them in the sterilizer and microwaving them?
Hello, can you tell me how is the weight of the complete box? (sterilizer+box+supplies)
Does the lid closes tight on top of container using twist lock? I got the product and it does lock but not tight enough to prevent steam come out from sides..
Is the sterilizer itself dishwasher safe?
Is the mattress pad firm or soft?
The dimensions confuse me.....most babies when born are about 19-21inches. Is the longest dimension 16.2 correct?
Is the Summer Infant Rest Assured Sleeper any different from the Summer Infant By Your Side Sleeper?
What are the dimensions of the product when it is assembled?
Where is this product manufactured?
What size sheets fit this sleeper / bassinet? What sheets have other people bought for this baby item? Thank you.
does this padding have flame retardants in it and is it non toxic?
what are the dimensions of the mattress? the description states that it is 16" by 16"-- which would make it pretty square and too small!
What kind of vacum we need o use with this Aspirator? We would need to buy, so if anyone has any sugestion ...that it fit and is not expencive.thx
Can this be used as a nasal decongestant for adults?
Can you use the suction of your mouth on the end in the event you are away from the use of a vacuum; say out running errands?
how does this compare to nose frida?
ok so this is gross. im an adult with morning sinus issues. i just cant seem to hock it all up. has anyone (adult) used product on themself?
Will this work with a dirt devil versa power?
Can I use with any vaccum home
is it 12" tall?
In one description it says it is 9.4" tall then in the written description it says it is 12" tall. Does anyone know which one is correct?
what tune does this lamb play? GR
Does the Aurora Baby Blessings lamb play "Jesus Loves Me" and have the head movement while playing
what songs does it play?
Is this lamb washable?
Where is this lamb manufactured?
Will this fit RECARO ProRIDE Convertible?
does it fit Evenflo sport convertble car seat
does it fit a britax marathone
Will this mattress fit the Chicco Lullaby LX pack and play?
If I stored this in a vaccum space saver bag for travel, would that affect the mattress at all?
Will this mattress fit a cosco Funsport play yard?? The Cosco interior measures 25X36"
This says it fits the square graco playard - but the dimensions listed are not square. Which description is correct? I'm trying to fit the Joovy Room2
Can I use this in the bassinet portion of the graco pack n' play?
Is this installed on top of the pressboard mattress bottom that comes with the Pack N Play? Or without it?
How soft or firm is this? I want something cushy for an older baby.
How firm is this mattress? Would it be too soft for an infant?
Hi, I am getting DaVinci Kalani 4-in-1 Convertible Crib, will this mattress fit? Thanks a lot
Are the corners of this round?
Does this work for a graco pack and play?
will this fit in the origamy mini crib by babyletto?
Is this mattress breathable?
What sheets fit this crib well? The american baby ones do not fit. What brand did you buy?
How firm is this mattress?
Is this mattress breathable?
Will this fit the Eddie Bauer Complete Care Playard Play Yard?
Does this fit an evenflo portablle babysuite 300?
What sheets fit this mattress best? I am having a hard time finding the correct sheets.
Hi, is this meant to fit on 1) bottom of playard or 2) bottom of bassinet attachment that comes with most playards; or 3) both? am a little confused!
Does this fit the Chicco Lullaby Baby 3 in 1 playard? I Saw it fits the LX but I'm wondering about the baby. Thanks!
I am still debating between this one and the "Dream On Me 3" Foam Graco Pack 'n Play Mattress". Which one is better for a newborn? Too many choices!
Is this mattress firm enough for my 4 month old to sleep on at night?
Is this made in US or China? The description and technical details are inconsistent
Is this noisy when baby moves around?
Hi, I ordered the Graco Packn'Play w/ Bassinet. Some reviews say mattress fits snugly; others say no. What's true? Round corners or regular better?
is this mattress too small to be used in a toddler sized bed?
i have a graco pack n play milton pattern,with specifications of overall ht 33.3" &amp; width 28.5, cant find any mattress of that size,
will this fit Graco Pack 'N Play Playard with Reversible Napper and Changer (go green) ? i was measuring the dimensions and am a bit hesitant.
Does this work with the Havenwood baby trend nursery pack n play?
is this a MEMORY foam mattress?
Are all playpens the same size? I have a costco playpen. Will this fit?
Which sheets fit this mattress? All of the ones I can find seem too big or too small. Thanks.
Product wrapper says STYLE# 25-GR Square corner Graco. I have a Cosco Juvenile. It fits but is tight in corners. Is this the correct mattress?
Does any one use this in the Arm's reach co-sleeper, at the lowest level to use as a crib?
Does this mattress have any plastic?
my mattress tag says it is not for use in play yards with mesh sides. Is this one safe for mesh-sided play yards? Similar to Pack n Play,
Can you still fold the pack n play to take it places with the mattress in or do you have to take it out?
What are the dimensions?
In additon to using a pack n play sheet to cover this mattress topper, has anyone used a quilted water proof cover as well? Or is it cushiony enough
is the firmness of the mattress equivalent to those of crib mattresses?
I'm considering this mattress for my toddler but am scared about the smell that people are complaining about. Did everyone have this problem?
Will this fit in the Chicco Lullaby Magic Playard? Like a snug type fit without gaps?
Do the gaps buckle or create sags for long term use?
My little one is used to sleeping with mommy. Is the topper comfy or firm?
Does this fit the 4moms breeze play yard?
Do you put this under or on top of the mattress that comes with the pack n play? Or use alone?
Does this fit the Graco Travel Lite Pack N Play?
will this fit in a suitcase?
is this glass bottle?
Has anyone else had a problem with no milk coming out in between feeds? I hate opening the bottle every 2-3 mins to picnch the lower bulb/slit :(
Hi is this bottle suitable for newborns?? which FLOW nipple does the bottle come with?
Do these bottles come with nipples and if yes which ones?
What cleaning rack and/or drying rack do you recommend to fit these bottles?
Does anyone have experience with mixing formula in these? In Dr Brown's, the cap leaks when you shake formula inside so I'm looking for an alternate
Just wondering how everyone cleans the small valves on these bottles. I ordered the 2 in 1 Tommee Tippee brush set but these brushes are 2 large 2 fit
Does anyone know if there is any real difference between the results of using the Sensitive Tommee Tippee's vs. the regular Tommee Tippee's?
Does this come with a tiny brush to clean inside the small parts? If Not where can I purchase a cleaning kit made for these anti colic bottles?
Are the wheels really that bad on this stroller and is it really that hard to steer? Some reviews say yes and some say it's great. I'm confused.
I have a 2013 honda accord....what do you think about the trunk and this fitting??
how big is this stroller fully folded? I need to know if it will fit in my vehicle
we have Honda Civic 2003, would I be able to fit it in Honda civic??? Thanks...
Do any foot muffs fit this stroller for winter use? Thanks!
Do the seats recline completely flat for my boys to be able to nap?
Does this double stroller allow you to attach a carseat on one side or is it just for two toddlers?
Does anyone know if a tray is sold separately? Thanks!
is the fold on this as bad as people say it is? has the folding over time messed up the tummy bar ?
Hi, just wondering if you are you able to attach car seats??
are these Skip Hop plates BPA free?
Is bottom (outside) completely flat (smooth) or textured/with words? Looking for a completely bottom flat plate to go on our Lil'Diner suction base
What is the size of the plate? What about the bowl? Thank you!
If I buy multiples of these plates, will they stack nicely in the cupboard? I am hoping the sections in the plate don't cause gaps between each plate.
Is this a suction plate?
what size is this?
Is this BPA free?
are the eyes plastic or fabric?
Is it machine washable?
Is it waterproof?
can this fit other standard 2 sided contoured changing pads or is it only meant for the naturepedic pad?
Is the color more of a white or off-white?
Can I order organic cotton sheets anywhere for this?
Where is the base manufactured? China?
Is the JPMA certified?
Is it possible to order additional sheets for this bassinette?
How tall does it stand?
Hi, do you ship to germany and how much would it cost? Thanks
Will you ship to Australia? If so, what is the cost? Thanks
Is this black or espresso wood? Thanks.
Hi, I am registered with Amazon for my baby shower and want to add this item in Dark Brown. Can this be done? I only see the stone color here. thanks
What is the maximum weight limit?
Can the whole bottle be sterilised (including the handle and the spout)?
Is some kind of trick to getting the freaking handles to align with the spout? I feel like I must be missing something.
can handles be removed so child can se it later on like no handle cippy cup?
is the spout hard plastic or is it soft like the bottle nipples?
Where does it make in?
Can you buy just the handle and sippy top to convert previously bought bottles?
Is anyone using this regularly at home? I want to know how it stands up to daily use in the home.
can you use this on an airplane?
What is the weight limit? Anyone?
How tall is the seat? (What is the distance between the surface that the child sits on and the seat of the chair it is strapped to?) Update 2/3/13: Thanks everyone for the answers so far! I was afraid that my question wouldn't be clear--was having...
what are the dimensions when unfolded? Trying to get 3 kids into the back of a Honda Accord and the standard 16 inch width is a problem.
Can this be used on the ground for camping?
How does this seat support the weight of the child? It has such great reviews but totally looks just hollow and unable to support any weight.
Does this need to be strapped to a chair or can it be set on the ground with my child in it (e.g. camping)?
I keep seeing reviews about it collapsing while being used. Is there any way to add extra support inside so that it doesn't collapse?
It doesn't look very comfortable. Is the seat padded?
Would you recommend this for 11 month baby weighing about 17 - 19 lbs? Looking to use this while traveling for the summer months?
How old/tall/heavy can a baby be and still fit? Ours is 3 months old, 11.5 pounds and 23.5" now. We are looking to use this for the next 2.5 months
could you use this as a co-sleeper?
Wondering if this is a solution when flying? Our baby twists and turns so needs a harder surface than our laps to sleep well on flights.
Did anyone get a separate waterproof mattress pad? If so, which ones fit this bassinet?
Can this be placed on the floor on a place in front of the seats? Looking to see if I can nap the baby on the floor after take-off
What size sheets does this bassinet use? Could I use normal bassinet sheets and a bassinet pad or does this require special sizes?
Is the mattress also machine washable? Or do I need to buy a waterproof fitted sheet also?
Would this be good for the beach?
What are the dimensions when it it folded up?
Did anyone else's mirror have a giant sticker right in the center of it? Any tips on how to remove it?
If my head rest doesn't rise will it fit my seat?
how well does this work on a car with no headrests on the back seat? I have a mitsubishi lancer
does this attach around the head rest of the card. my head rest in the back seat does not go up to place it underneath so i need something that will go around the head rest and strap to it.
Is this a soft and light weight mirror? It looks like it in the picture, but I just wanted to make sure before purchasing.
will this mirror install easily in a 2012 prius v?
sticker comes off with the plastic film that covers the mirror!!!!
suction
fit a corolla
Has anyone used this in an Odyssey? There's a small enter headrest. I'm wondering if this works well, and if it blocks any rear view.
Can you tell me what the measurements are for the actual area that you sit on? How wide and how deep? I wish the description would tell us this.
Creaking &amp; squeaking noises - did any of you have it &amp; fix it?
How tall of an individual does it hold?
Where can I buy replacement cushions for this rocker?
is it good quality
the chair comes in a box that measures?
how much weight can it hold?
How difficult was the assembly?
Weight limit?
Is there a lock on the glider to make it not move if we wanted?
Is it the lumbar pillow really helpful? Thanks
can we change the colour by ourselves or it keeps on changing?
can you also plus in your phone and play your own music on here&gt;
Ive tried to set the alarm and it wont go off...does anyone know the trick??
can any one tell me how to turn this thing on pls.. I put in the battery and look for power on/off button but cant find one.. it doesn't lit either.
does the lights rotate ??
is this alarm clock a good product
I too was taken by this bad product - but question...how does it rate 2.5 starts when most of us gave it a "1"??? Amazon????
Can the alarm clock turn ON to the lullabies?
Does this mat work with regular bowls?
I know the bowls are dishwasher safe but is this mat dishwasher safe?
Do you only have the color pink?
Are there pages for each month of the first year?
Are there pockets in any of the pages to store other documents?
How big is the binder? Meaning will it need regular 8 1/2"x11" paper or a special size?
how many pages are in the book?
Can I take out the pages for after the first year without messing up everything?
How many pages are in this book? This company makes several books, some are more "in depth" than others. How many pages will help me decide.
Loose Leaf? Hi, I was wondering if anyone who had ordered this knew if it was the loose leaf version or if it is a bound book?
Does this come with a plastic cover to protect it or a box? Also is it fabric cover or paper? Thank you!
What time frame does this book cover, e.g. is it for the first 5 years or only first year? Thanks
Hi there, does this book have a place where you can add foot &amp; hand prints from hospital? Thank you
The pages for months 1-12, does it ask specific questions like date, weight, height, milestones, discoveries, feeding schedule for each month?
Is there a pocket?
I am a grandma and I want to know if this book asks questions like when was the first time we read a book together, does it have cover page for birth
I noticed in the pictures posted by another buyer that there was a typo- "twelth" instead of "twelfth". Has that been fixed?
Does this go up to age 5 and have a couple pages for age 1-5 birthdays?
are there envelopes for keepsakes?
how many pages does it has? does it has a family tree page?
What are the pages after the first year other than birthdays?
Is there a page for guest sign in and baby shower gift descriptions?
is this book a loose leaf binder
does this have a section for a baby shower and if so what does that include
What's the best way to add the photos? What type of glue did you use??? Thankyou
is there a place for the baby shower for guest and gifts?
Is this a tight-bound, or loose-leaf book, so that I can add/remove pages if necessary?
Does this book have month to month pages for the first year?
Is there space to insert photos or baby shower invites onto the special pages? or just a "write what happened" space?
Is this just for one year or baby's first 5 years? since there are 74 pages, i would like more details about the pages
Is this compatible with the slim and secure #02805?
What is the model number on this camera?
Does the sound also "scan" between both rooms or is the scan feature only for the picture?
Is this camera compatible with Slim &amp; Secure 02800?
Is it compatible with the 02230 monitor
Is it compatible with Secure Sight&reg; Digital Color Video Monitor model # 02040
Is this compatible with the 02800 or 28390?
Will this fit on BOB Revolution SE Single Stroller?
Flying soon. Does this snack tray fold into the stroller, or do I just have to take it off and bring it with me on the plane?
Does this snack tray attach directly to the stroller or is an adapter or something similar required?
Does this product include the 'BOB accessory adapter' to install?
Would this help my son from falling out of the stroller, he hates being strapped in so I thought this might help?
could it work as an adapter for britax car seat?
Can be installed in Mountain Buggy Nano
Will this tray fit or be compatible on a Phil &amp; Teds Dot Stroller?
Will it fit the Revolution CE from 2011?
Will this work on the BOB double strollers?
Will the stroller fold down with the snack tray still attached?
how would you attach both the handlebar console and the snack tray at the same time. it is suggested that they are bought together.
Does it fit on graco side by side double stroller
I have seen many comments about removing one tray and making a DIY chico car seat adaptor, has anyone used a Britax Bsafe car seat in this situation?
Does this fit on the brand new Revolution Duallie Flex?
how old a stroller will it fit? i bought an old dualie from someone but not sure of the year. it doesmt list it on the model number on it. thanks
Does this snack tray fit the 2006 model?
Can I use a car seat? Can i remove one of the trays temporarily and put my Graco infant bucket seat in there?
Does this fit the 2010 duallie?
What are the actual dimensions of the pouch?
Is the changing pad attached to the pouch or separate?
how many diapers does this hold?
Does anyone know if these toys are PVC and BPA free?
Also, does anyone know if these toys are prone to have mold in them like the rubber duck, octopus, etc. toys?
are these tub toys BPA-free, Phthalate-free and PVC-free?
Does it fit Quinny zapp xtra folding seat
Does it fit the Quinny Yezz?
Does it fit Quinny zapp xtra folding seat with the wheels and seat? Or you have to take the seat and wheels off, at each time you use the bag? Thanks
How big is the stroller bag?
Is this bag padded?
Please, what&acute;s the shiping box size?
For 5.49 you can you get square one?? How about if I want to buy 20 will I be able to, want to give them as favors for my daughter's birthday party??
For 5.49 you can you get square one?? How about if I want to buy 20 will I be able to, want to give them as favors for my daughter's birthday party??
For 5.49 you can you get square one??
Is the 11$ for the heat shaped or the square shape?
What is the mattress quality like in this?
When I put the padded board down in the bottom, across the locking part in the middle there seems to be a big bump. Does anyone have this issue too?
What is the dimension of the box/carton that it is shipped in (not the assembled product)?
What can be removed and washed if the baby spits up on it? Pad? Changing area? Thanks
Is this set made of cotton?
what all does this set come with?
is there any polyester in this? which pieces have polyester?
Please help! Trying to find out if this specific model is velcro closure or magnetic. Frolicking in fez comes in both. I want velcro but can't find...
This says velcro closure beside the description for the frolicking in fez bag...but it looks like the magnetic closure style. Anyone know which it is?
Hi there, is the frolicking in fez a Velcro or magnetic closure?
Does this bag have velcro or a magnetic closure/?
I would like to know the color of the metal? I would be fine with the butterflies being less bright.
has anyone put this out doors? I do not see where it states in door or out door
Are you able to move the "vines" to change the look?
Can this be put outdoor in humid florida weather?
Can you use them outdoors?
What are the dimensions of this?
Why is it that some of the reviews state that the colors are flat, dull, and ugly, yet other reviews state that the colors are bright, beautiful?
Can you hang it outside on the front of a mobile home?
Does this one with the turtle have the markings for ounces on it? I know the Hello Kitty one does that is a clear vessel where this one is blue.
Does it mention the age it's for?
How old was your kid when he/she transitioned to this bottle?
How is the flow ? Is it fast enough for a 18 month old?
very difficult to drink from these, i literally cut the spout with knife. anyone else have the issue.help please. recommend me a good transition cup
Do these cups leak at all - either through the drinking area or around the rim?
Is this bottle microwave safe?
Can I sterilize this bottle? thanks
I need to know exactly which nipples come standard with these cups, and where I can order replacements.
Is the circular piece of plastic the valve or just a cap?
Do these come individually sealed or when you open the Package all 10 start their count down?
Is there an adhesive strip attached so you can stick it on or in the diaper pail?
Can you refill/reuse these containers?
What are the dimensions of the individual disks?
This was given to me second-hand and I can't seem to figure out how to get the feet to stay on? Suggestions? Is there a trick to it?
We use this tub, i noticed little dark spots from the back, they are under the middle 'bump' that can't be taken off. Is this mold? Anyone else has?
what age is it good for?
Is there a place I could just buy removable baby stopper? I cannot find mine after taking it off with my older kid when I didn't need it any longer...
size
what are the dimensions on this bank?
does it have a way for the money to come out other then the slot to go in?
What size is the coin slot. Will a silver dollar fit into the slot?
what is it made out of?
how big is this bank?
will the bank's slot accept silver dollars?
if it has a rubber bottom that allows to take out money
does it open?
is it ceramic and is ther a hole in the botttom
Have this and LOVE it! But - need a good storage/cup holder thing to go on handle bar. Anyone have a good recommendation? thanks!
I know it is not technically a jogging stroller, but has anyone used it successfully for jogging on flat ground?
Product specs say "Maximum weight recommendations 40 lbs." Does the stroller accommodate two 20-pound kids, or two 40-pound kids?
how is this different than mountain buggy 2013
Is the latest/2015 version?
Do you need to use Mountain Buggy infant car seats only with this stroller? If not, which car seats work with it?
Does Mountain Buggy make a double running stroller? If so what is it called? Are the duo and the duet running strollers?
Do you ship to Taiwan? If yes, how much for the shipping fee? Thank you in advance.
Can you use this stroller with a Britax B safe infant car seat or the Chicco keyft 30?
Do you ship to Chile?
Does it swing forward and back, or back and forth?
this is pulg in no batteries yes &amp;no
can I send this product outsode of US?
does this swing fold?
Weight limit?
is the tray removable with this swing?
Can a chicco key fit car seat fit on this stroller or do I need to buy a baby trend car seat?
Can you click 2 car seats into this at one time, unlike the bob duallie?
Do I need to buy an attachment for the infant car seat?
Can you click a car seat on one side while another child sits on the other side regularly?
What product material is it composed of?
Does this tub come with the tray that is in some of the pictures?
Until what age can thus tub be used for?
Hi I'm interested in the blue one . What are the dimensions ? I assume its made of plastic ? Thanks
Can this be used with an infant? Is there a way to get a sling or something like that in there?
What is the purpose of the drain? Does anyone just dump the tub upside down to empty when done and avoid using the drain plug all together?
Has anyone found a trick to get the drain plug back in? I like to drain the tub, then refill with fresh water for my toddler,
Can you fit two smallish toddlers in the tub?
size?
WIll this fit in a suitcase?
would this tub fit inside a standing shower (i.e., shower without a bathtub)? Thank you!
Where is this bathtub made?
is it big enough for 3 year old
Does the tray come with this package or do I need to purchase it separately?
What are the holes in the tray for? I know the slot holds the toy, but can't figure out the holes.
Can I buy replacement safty straps for this product. I emoved them to wash them and now i cant find them .
Is the polyurethane foam used in this booster flame retardant free?
Will this reach table height? Has anyone let their child eat directly from the table while on this booster? Thanks!
Would you use this in place of a high chair or in addition to one?
What is the size and weight limit on these? How big are the babies when they outgrow the seat?
What product material is it composed of?
Does this tub come with the tray that is in some of the pictures?
Until what age can thus tub be used for?
Hi I'm interested in the blue one . What are the dimensions ? I assume its made of plastic ? Thanks
Can this be used with an infant? Is there a way to get a sling or something like that in there?
What is the purpose of the drain? Does anyone just dump the tub upside down to empty when done and avoid using the drain plug all together?
Has anyone found a trick to get the drain plug back in? I like to drain the tub, then refill with fresh water for my toddler,
Can you fit two smallish toddlers in the tub?
Does the crib sheet go straight over this mattress, given it already has cotton cover w/ waterproof backing? (i.e., no need for separate cover/pad?)
Is it easy to determine which is the toddler side?
Is this mattress 100% organic or is it just the cover? Eco or organic?
Is any part of this mattress made from soy?
Do you ship to Canada?
Does the pottery barn sheets fits in this mattress?
Does it fit Delta Canton crib?
Will this mattress fit a Graco Lauren crib?
Where is it made?
Are the corners of mattress actually square? Its hard to tell from picture. Or are they rounded? I'm looking for a square corner mattress
Does the spout fits the nuk bottles?
Will this fit onto a standard Evenflo bottle to use as a sippy bottle?
Do these fit the top for the glass nuk bottles?
how big is the toddler size?
Do you have to iron this after washing to keep it waterproof? Or does it have a plastic feel to it?
Where is this made? China?
does this bib retain odors after many uses? or is it odor proof/resistant?
If feeding with a bib 3-5 times a day, how many do you have? I plan to wash and air dry...
What is the closure - Snap? Velcro? Tie? My 12m olds are pulling off velcro :-(
The Infant size is the small size Up 12 Month?
Is the background color cream or white?
please write me,this crib set`s box sizes
please answer me,what is this set box size?(high,wide...)write me bumper`s size?
what are the dimensions of the quilt of "Sumersault Lily 4 Piece Crib Set, Lavender"?
What is the smallest luggage size this can attach to?
What is the maximum weight of the child
What color is being sold? I cannot seem to find the mention of the color anywhere. Please let me know
Does this work fine on hard covered luggage?
which color is being sold? The description lists the 3 available colors- green, zebra and black
Does it work for just drying glasses? I dont have baby yet but I am looking for a drying rack that make safe my glasses and cups
I have limited counter space. How is this different from a regular drying rack? Do I really need this in addition to my basic dish drying rack?
Does this lawn dryer hold glass feeding bottles?
Does it clean easily in the dishwasher?
I read that this was NOT dishwasher safe. How easy is this to clean? Is it difficult to clean any water residue off those grass blades?
How large are the exact dimensions of just the item? A complaint I'd read on the BabiesRUs website was that the BRU dimensions were off. Thx!
Is this the darker green version, "spring green"?
Would you still need this product if you are registering for a sterilizer?
Hi there, can you tell me whether you have the older bright green colour, or the newer colour? I need the bright green version not the duller one.
I read a lot of reviews saying that the Lawn gets moldy. How often do you clean it to keep mold away? And it says it's not dishwasher safe?
Does the one-size really fit 6 lb babies? How small of a newborn can fit into this diaper? Thanks!
I have a very chunky 6 month old: 31lbs and 28inches. Do these diaper covers fit chunky thighs and waists?
Does this work well with prefold cloths?
Are inserts included?
What is the hight of this letrero?
What's the best way to attach them to the wall?
Is this product only for kids names or uses? Can the individual letters be hung in any room using words that fit that room? Example: "EAT" in kitchen
The letter M?? It's the only letter I need for our last child (due in a few weeks). Has anyone ever seen or ordered a letter M?
What is the hight of this letrero?
What's the best way to attach them to the wall?
Is this product only for kids names or uses? Can the individual letters be hung in any room using words that fit that room? Example: "EAT" in kitchen
The letter M?? It's the only letter I need for our last child (due in a few weeks). Has anyone ever seen or ordered a letter M?
Will the britax b-agile fit?
Is there any padding to help protect in plane cargo or just a bag? This 1 seems to have good reviews - how is this different than 1 made 4 cityselect
Will the City Select Stroller fit? How about with the Second Seat?
Any ideas where to get or how to make a "gate check stroller" tag?
Does this also fit the City Elite?
Does the Baby Trend Universal Double Snap-N-Go Stroller Frame fit inside?
Does this bag fit a city select with two infant car seat adapters (i.e., the two u-shaped bars that hold the car seat)?
Does this fit the city mini lite?
Does the double bag fit the city mini double GT?
I am between an XS and an S - would you recommend just going with the XS? The website put me at an XS but the chart has me more between the two sizes.
how far up on your torso does it go? I have a long torso and don't want to end up with an annoying line or fat bubble in between my bra and the girdle
Looking at the behind photo of this product, I was wondering if it was just the model or does it not cover the full rear of everyone else who wears it
The suggestion is to start wearing right after birth, but I need to ask, how difficult is this when you are also wearing maternity pads?
I have bigger thighs and a smaller torso......is this tight on your thighs?
Do you recommend the zipper or clasps?
How does this product compare to the Belly Bandit? Has anyone tried both?
Does anyone know how this product compares with the squeem waist cincher?
on average, how many 4 oz bottles do we need? and when do babies outgrow them to the 8 oz ones?
Has anyone tried these using a bottle warmer? Does the silicone sleeve start to stretch and does the bottle take longer to warm? Thanks!
Where is it made?
Are the bottles compatible with Spectra S2 pump? Or does anyone know the size of the mouth on the bottle?
What size nipples do these come with? Also does the girls assortment include 4 different colors?
can I use philips avent natural newborn nipples with this bottle?
Can these be cleaned using a an electric sterilizer?
Do the bottles come with the nipple and what flow?
Is it 220V compatible?
People have mentioned that some metal component is flaking of into the baby food, for anyone who's bought the product recently, has it been resolved?
What are these (2) red rings that came with my machine? They don't seem to fit anywhere that I can see and I don't see anything in the instructions.
what is the power rating of this products? 500W ?400W? or 300W?
I'm using baby brezza for the first time, it flashes all the lights then nothing else works?
its dual voltage?
Is it supposed to auto shut down incase water level is lower than required in the steamer? Wondering if i need to watch out or everything is automated
Does this product come with anything other than the machine?
The steamer doesn't work. I am soaking the resevoir in vinegar-anyone know a better way to clean
The steamer doesn't work. I am soaking the resevoir in vinegar-anyone know a better way to clean
Do i need to buy the second seat adapters or they are included?
i want to know what are differences between this and the 2014 model?
Does anyone find the purple color too feminine, say for a boy baby or for a dad pushing the stroller?
Do yours have black marks? Mine are 2 years old, use them every load, love them, but now have black spots (more each load). Anyone else?
Can these be washed in a washing machine?
what size are each of the balls? tennis ball size? what is the diameter?
Do you use all 3 each time? How effective is it at reducing static cling?
Do the wool fibers from the balls stick on black clothes?
Is this leak-proof with the lid?
Is this small enough to be used to feed a 4 month old?
Does it can sterilization with High temperature?
What's the type of the steel? Is it 304 or 316?
how many ounces of baby food can fit in this container?
is the lid also free of all the harmful chemicals that are listed for the bowl?
Does it come with 4 pieces of crib bumper?
Does it come with the musical mobile?
Do you have the matching mobile? If so how much is it?
Can the quilt be purchased separately?
Can you Ship to India?
What are the dimensions of the quilt?
Can you ship it to Spain?
does this fit with the crib/changer combos?
is it cotton?
What is the size of bumper?
Can someone tell me if this bag will fit the BabyJogger City Select with 2 Seats?
Does this fit the Bob Dualie Stroller?
Can this be checked in or is it only for gate check?
can you fit the xplory frame and the stokke carseat in this? IE I am not taking the pram seat
Does anyone know how well this works with the Baby Jogger City Elite?
can you pack a graco jogger stroller in this
Does this fit the bassinet AND the seat? Basically, does it fit the whole entire travel system?
Does it fit Stokke Crusi?
Hi do you ship to Sydney Australia?
Does this fit a britax b agile stroller?
Can anyone recommend the Mountain Buggy (plus) +one for running 3+ miles 3 days per week? Mostly on roads and sidewalks but occasionally through a little grass. Do the kids complain in the seats? Do the tires/shocks seem to do ok? does the carrycot or...
Anyone with bigger than average kids use this and are they comfortable? The kids in all the pics seem to have knees pushed into their armpits.
We currently have 2 newborn carseats (Chicco Keyfit and one other). Will these snap right in, or do I need a carseat adaptor?
Do you know which model this is? Looking at the Evolution Swift All-Terrain or Evolution Terrain elsewhere for comparison but not sure it's the same?
What car seats and adaptors work with this model of Mountain Buggy One? Does Maxi Cosi work?
We live in Connecticut where it's extremely hot in summer, anyone live in a hot climate that used this? I worry about my newborn getting too hot
Does any of the car seat adapters for this stroller fit a Britax B Safe carseat?
Does it includes the Storm cover? or it's sold separately?
Could You please inform me about size of the package of Mountain Buggy Plus One Buggy with Cocoon and Second Seat, Black?
Will this fit in the back of a Honda Pilot with the third row seat in use?
Are these containers BPA free?
Can these be placed in the freezer or frozen? Thank you!
Two Questions: #1. How strong are the lids? If I drop it will they pop off? #2. Will these work outside in the rain without getting moist inside?
any marking on 2oz container for every 1 oz?
is this bpa free
can i put this into a steaming sterilizer, if not, how can I sterilizing it?
How large are theses containers? Can I fill one of the containers and put it in a large purse or tote bag?
can these be used for storing breastmilk in the freezer?
Hello, can these be placed in a Avent Warmer to heat food?
Can these be heated up in a steamer? Microwave?
Is the cover lid air-tight? Would snacks go stale with the cover lid on?
How soft is the flap section? Another snack cup we own also said "soft" but is no were near it so my child refuses to use it and I don't blame her!
is it hard for kids to carry because it's round?
Is this product BPA free (and why isn't that information prominent on all baby items???)?
Is it dishwasher safe?
do they wick away moisture from baby? i'm not having leaks, but my baby is soaked at night
can you use these with bum genius?
I am new at this. Do they velcro or snap? I am planning to use them for outdoor play, do I need liners?
What is the difference between the small and large? I'm registering for a newborn, but would rather not buy new, larger ones in just a couple months.
can i use alone or only as a doubler?
Can someone provide me with the measurements (small and large) to make sure they fit in my diapers? Can I use it in an AI2?
Can these go next to the baby's skin, and is it wicking?
do these work with disposable diapers? My son is a heavy wetter at night and leaks all the time. Thank you!
3 or 6 pack?
How to use this?? Is it have to be washed 3 or 4 times or to be boiled in hot water ??
Do these wick moisture away from baby's skin?
Can this be used against the skin? I have prefolds &amp; covers &amp; am looking for something @ night... I see recommendations for stuffing into pockets...
Can this be used against the skin? I have prefolds &amp; covers &amp; am looking for something @ night.
Is this a suitable size for carrying lunch for a 2 year old? For example, Pasta, cut fruit and chicken strips in each of the containers.
does each container have it's own lid, or is the lid the container above it.
If I buy 2, would they screw together?
Are they dishwasher safe?
Please show the country of origin? Is it made in China?
is this leak proof? easy to screw together?
is it easy to screw in the snack towers or does it take time?
Has anyone found the one with the 3 holes in it?
I want to be sure that this is the 3 hole design!!! Is it?
Is this 4 packages of 6 nipples each?
How many valves do you actually get when it says "three pack"? On another version of this product/seller, a review said they only got 4 valves.
Do these work in the Lil' Gripper Twist 'n Click Spouted/Spoutless sippy cups?
Are the valves in the picture the valves that you receive? Another seller had this picture and when purchased I got a round valves that didn't work.
Are these bottle wide neck or standard neck?
Hi...is pink or purple like the photo?
How do you heat up the bottles? Whenever I put this in water, the water gets into the milk from the bottom.
Have your bottles leaked from the gift set? are they any different from the individual ones sold?
Are they BPA free?
Does the pacifiers come in the protective sterilizing case?
are these defiently purple not pink as it says? i want the purple in the picture
May i know this set milk bottle is origin from?
Where is the 1 oz mark? I bought these and thought maybe I got a messed up pack but I looked back on here and these are like that as well. How do you measure if there is no 1 oz mark? You can't see the milk below the clean when it's on the bottom.
does it work with the maxi cosi Mico AP. i know it works with the mico, not sure about the Mico AP (on the original cameleon)?
Do these adapters work on the Bugaboo Frog with a Maxi Cosi Mico AP Car Seat?
Do these work with the newest 2015 maxi cosi?
does the adapter fit both the maxi cosi mico max and pria 85? thanks
Does this work with the Nuna Pipa? Thank you!
Will these work for the original Bugaboo Cameleon?
Does the prezi work with cameleon
Does this adapter work for the bugaboo frog ?
Does it work with any other brand of carseat?
Do you keep the adapters in when you collapse the stroller?
Can it be hand wash and hang to dry.
Do you wash with diapers? Ever any problems with this? Seems icky...
What is the diameter of these pads?
Can you use this thermometer for adults?
what kind of batteries
What is the different with the veratemp non contact thermometer?
Does it measure temperature in Celsius degrees as well?
How many fluid ounces can these bowls hold?
Are these bowls ,microwaveable?
Hi can I sterilize these bowls in a bottle sterilizer? thx
9 oz.
The older Zoli cup straws have a pointed weight rather than a squarish one. I prefer the pointed. Does this replacement pack have the pointed weight?
Since it's stated as "2 pack", does the order come with 4 straws and 2 brushes?
Is this for one or three bowls? Picture is of three.
How much food does this bowl hold?
Could you tell me how weight for item? 30 pounds?
Is this item BPA free?
What is the age for this?
Can you use this on the microwave?
We can't hear the baby through the monitor, but she can hear us, so we end up waking her up. Seems to work backwards. Did we get a bad apple?
Is the baby unit portable or does it have to be plugged in?
Is the parent unit portable? Meaning, can I carry it with me as I move around the house and maybe outside in the yard?
Where in the world can I get replacement battery packs for the parent units? I have looked everywhere and not found the right ones....
Can this be used on 220v ?
If i have two sets of these monitors/receivers, will they be on different frequencies?
Can I add another monitor to be able to listen to two babies with one parent unit?
What is the input voltage for this monitor?
What type of battery does it use?
Does it works in celcius?
Does it have a backlight?
If placed on a gerbil's stomach, will it read an average temp? Accuracy isn't important, I breed and need to see temp differences to check for fever.
How do I lock the thermometer to Fahrenheit? The instructions indicate changing a clip inside of the battery compartment but the clip is not there.
Do we need to Adjust temperature?
Hello,is it have back light?
how to program thermometer
Can I use it for ovulation? And can it record a few days' temperature?
Is it accurate on adults?
What is the suggested age range or weight range for babies for this product?
Does this swing have multiple reclining positions?
Can you swing the seat manually (by hand)?
Can the seat cover be removed and cleaned in the washer?
Is it supposed to have some kind of smell? It smells bad.
Is the bottle plastic or glass?
One customer asked commented about the amount of water in this product. Does anyone know the witch hazel-to-water ratio? Thanks.
How long is this good for before it expires?
What is the number on the bottom of the plastic bottle?
Can this be used with essential oils to create a spray?
How much alcohol is in the witch hazel?
how do you use this? Do you simply apply it on face? Thanks !
Does it work on razor burn after facial shaving? Thanks.
what's in it besides witch hazel, if no alcohol? Is it water?
Does this stroller fit in the JL Childress umbrella stroller travel bag? Or any other durable bag to be gate-checked for a flight?
Would this be good for a two-ish mile walk in the park? I use my jogging stroller for runs, but it is not worth it for short walks.
Does it fold like an umbrella stroller?
for my infant, will I need to purchase a headrest/head support cushion for use with the stroller?
does this stroller hold and infant car seat? thanks!
Would this be comfortable for someone over 6'0" to push?
does this stroller recline all the way? also do you need to purchase a separate sun/rain/bug protector or does it come down low enough? thank you!
Does this stroller have a 5 point safety hardness?
how tall in inches is the handle?
Does this have a reclining chair so if baby sleeps they are comfortable? Thanks
Is this jogger appropriate for newborns?
does this function well/easily in rough or rocky terrain? I will only be walking, no running or jogging. child is 2 and on the taller side.
Hello, I just received this stroller and I'm disappointed that the basket underneath is made from such flimsy material. Is it tougher than it looks?
Can you adjust the canopy to move completely forward....for example if I have to run against the wind/sun can I move it down so it covers my LO?
Is the weight really 21.8 pounds? Other sites say 27 pounds for the same stroller.
Hi does this recline all the way down for naps? Ty
Does anyone know how wide the stroller is? Is it easy to navigate?
will it fit in the back of a small care like a hyundai accent?
hi! does it recline flat? does it come with a swivel front wheel? thanks!!
Hello there, what would be the real height limit? Thank you.
my crib mattress is 6 inches thick. Will this product cover it? Thanks!
Has this been treated with fire retardants?
will this cover fit a deep mattress?
does the elastic go all the way around all the edges?
what size mattress does it fit?
Is this fitted or zip up?
What is the plastic "waterproofing" layer like? Is it a layer of separate plastic or is it sewn between layers of fabric? Thank you busy parents!
Is this certified organic top to bottom, inside and out? It has to be GOTS certified.
queen
does this have an adaptor for infants?
Is there much leg room, my 21/2 year old is 37 inches, also is there much space to carry other items like shopping bags?
Does this fit through a normal door?
I only have one kid, can he sit in the center and be strapped in with 5pt harness?
Is it easy to switch between trailer and stroller modes?
Can a carseat be used with this stroller for newborns?
does it come with 2 harnesses?
Do the seats recline or adjust at all?
Which is the size of shipping box of this product?
How good is the suspension when using for jogging? Does the jogging front wheel has suspension?
Is it a big process to take the seat out of your baby jogger or did you buy another seat just for the hychair?
Does it not work with the city mini?
would this work for an infant for restaurant use?
Can this work with the City Versa seat as well? On the Baby Jogger website, it lists the HyChair as an accessory but never references the Versa.
Does it work well on tables with aprons (like the one in the photo)?
How far does the seat recline when attached to the table? Do your children seem to get food all over the seat? What age would this fit up too?
Does this work as a second seat to the city select?? What attachments are needed
How thick is it?
I was looking for something to give more softness to my 1 year old's firm mattress. So is this more for breath-ability or cushioning ?
How do you clean this if it gets soiled being that it isn't waterproof?
Is this meant to go directly under the sheet, or do you need a mattress pad to go over this? Which would seem to defeat the purpose...
I'm confused. It says this is made of cotton, yet also says it has a polyester lattice structure. Is this polyester or cotton??
Does anyone know if this fits the 4mom breeze? Thanks.
Does anyone know if this fits well under the Quickzip brand sheets?
One of our issues is noise. Did any of you have issues with a noisy mattress before purchasing this item? And does this topper make it quieter?
Does this topper go under the crib sheet or on top? Would it be possible to add an image of how it looks inside a crib? Thanks.
Can you use this together with the cotton quilted mattress pad?
does this baby monitor has vibrating alert? im hearing impaired and going to have a baby soon. i need baby monitor with vabrating alert.
What is the maximum distance range for this monitor?
Anyone else use this with 2 cameras and hear a loud clicking noise when it cycles back and forth between the 2 rooms? How can I get rid of the clicking?
can you add more than one camera to this monitor?
I just woke up to the screen being black, even though it's plugged into power and the power switch is in the on position. What's going on?
why the green battery light keeps flashing and double beeping???
The camera swivel is so loose it can not be adjusted to where needed. There is no adjustment to tighten and hold the camera in the needed position. Anyone have a similar problem and solution?
Is this 110 and 240V compatible?
how long does it record (
how long does it record (
Will this work on the newer Frontier 90 to help position the belt better on my child's thighs? The IIHS report on the Frontier 90 says that's an issue
Does this clip work on Graco Nautilus?
Will this Britax SecureGuard clip fit, or work with, the Graco Highback TurboBooster Seat?
Can this be installed and used with other Britax booster seats? Such as the Pioneer that has a 5 point harness, but then converts to only a seatbelt
Does this work on the new Pinnacle 90 Booster or on the Frontier 85 sict Booster?
Will this fit in my Britaxfrontier 85? Should I get one? Child is 68 lbs 54" tall and going into booster mode soon. Was debating buying new parkway
will this work on Britax Parkway SLG?
Is this machine-washable?
Does this fit a Graco MyRide 65?
Would with work in a booster car seat that doesn't have a harness, but just uses a regular seat belt?
Would this fit an infant sit (not convertible -- the kind you place a newborn in)?
How does this compare with the Britax Seat Saver Waterproof Liner by Britax USA? Anyone had experience with both?
How tall is the part that covers that buckle? I have a boy and need to consider that.
Will this be too hot for a child using in the summer time, especially when stuck in traffic?
Which car seat manufacturers have crash tested and approved this aftermarket product?
I would like to know if I can hear the sound of my baby, or it has only the image? Thank you!
Hi. We purchased this monitor for our baby in Feb 2013 and now the handheld wont start beyond the hello screen. What is the length of warranty? Thanks
If using 2 cameras, will the auto scan feature scan the AUDIO back and forth between the 2 rooms every 20-30 seconds?
Does the video and sound only come on when there is movement or noise? Or does the sound stay on all the time (we have a sound machine on at night)
Is there a sensor that allows the sound on the parents end to go OFF until noise is detected? the one we have now has soft static and we cant sleep!
Compatible with old Best View? Does anyone know if the components are cross-compatible?
Does this monitor have a temperature gauge?
How long would you say that these last before they wear out?
In the descpription it says there is a "leak-proof liner," what kind of material is it. Is it the same plastic as a cloth diaper?
Do you have to use any special detergents to wash them? I use Seventh Generation detergent...wondering if it will affect the absorbency?
Are these made of fleece like the diapers and feminine products?
Can you wash these in the tote? Can you even wash the tote? It smells very plastic-y.
How long do you think a baby last in this before outgrowing?
Can this be used as a co-sleeper?
What is the length of the product?
are the sides of this product firm enough to prevent someone from rolling on top of the baby? or are they totally squishy? thanks!
Does the mattress/pad part on the bottom of this bassinet come out? Or is there another pad that can be purchased to go on top?
Is it safe to put the blankets in to add more padding since it is very thin according to other reviews?
Can the shade be put down?
My daughter is 8 months old and about 28 inches. She is very mobile during sleep. Is it good for her? Any recommendations? Thanks!
Are the sides squishy enough to push down and nurse while baby is in it and you are lying next to her?
Is the beige outer part removable so it can be washed?
does an evenflow baby seat fit the stroller?
How far back does the front seat recline?
Does this stroller fit a Chicco infant carseat?
Will both the Graco Click Connect 35 Infant Car Seat and the Graco Classic Connect 30 Infant Car Seat fit the Baby Trend Sit N Stand Double Stroller?
Has anyone used this with the Britax B-Safe (B-Agile) Infant Car Seat?
I have a britax b agile car seat...will it fit in this?
Does both seat recline into a sleep position?
I recieved a used double Sit N Stand used and the rear seat is missing. can I buy a replacement seat for it?
Do all baby trend infant car seats fit this stroller?
Will this fit into the trunk of a compact sedan(Hyundai Elantra)?
Has anyone had one break?
What stage nipple comes with the bottle?
what size nipples come with the bottles?
Will my 6 month old out grow this too quickly. thinking he may not stay on the mat too much longer.
The first key on the left is not functional. It does not make sound when my daughter kicking. Is it broken or it's designed to be like that?
What is the difference between this mat and the fisher price piano gym, kick and play?
What are all the songs that the piano plays? I know: Itsy Bitsy Spider, This Old Man, Mr Sun, and Head Shoulders Knees and Toes, but not the others.
Would this toy be easy to pack up and take to Grandmas house?
Are handing toys included?
Is the piano part of this mat detachable like it is on the other Fisher Price (not "Discover &amp; Grow") version?
How can I remove the piano? Too old to play now. Trying to pack it away!!
Is the piano removable? It shows in the product description of the kick and play (other model) that it is, but doesn't mention it for this version.
How to uninstall it? I have to take it during the journey!
How do you change from classical back to nursery rhymes? I didn't change it to begin with!
What is that orange piece is comes with? It looks like it goes over the projector part but easily comes off?
I'm thinking about getting these for my twins. They share a room. Would it be too loud and chaotic having two going at once?
IS there a way to hang this on a wall, for instance, above a changing pad?
Can the projected image be moved to show on a wall or can it only face the ceiling??
Is the projector light supposed to be blinking the whole time its on?
is the projector supposed to flash?
What kind of music does it have?
can you use it with a pack n play?
Do you have to turn the pages or use the remote to have the projected images and songs change?? Or do they do it on their own?
Using on Skype or MSN: Does the audio not come through the usb when using it with Skype or MSN?
it says you can watch on your TV screen, but can you watch it on a laptop or ipad?
security: Does anyone know how secure this monitor is?
Alternatives? Anyone have other good alternatives?
does anyone know the range on this one?
Charge function not working? Did I install correct batteries?
is this camera compatible with the extra cameras you can buy on here for $99?
Does this system have a "sleep mode"? So that when there is no crying in the baby room, it turns off? Turns back on when there is crying or noise?
I have 2 babies, 2 separate bedrooms. If I purchase the 2 camera system, does it scan/display both rooms for sound/crying?
What type and how many batteries go in the camera unit, and can it be used with battery only, no plug? How long do they last using like that?
We have purchased this thing, but there's no sound from parent unit. Volume level is on max. I can speak to baby unit, but can't hear any sound.
The on/off seems to be inoperative. While I have the green led showing power, I get no indication the unit is on. When I toggle switch, no change.??
My on/off button has seemed to stop working. I can't turn my monitor on! has this happened to anyone else? it's very hard to turn it off and on.
more than one monitor?
We have had this monitor for about a year and a half and the turn on/off switch is acting up and only works 50 %. Anyone else have this issue?
I'm thinking about buying another camera for the monitor for baby #2. If I connect both cam to the same unit, can I hear both babies at the same time?
Night vision not working?? It's as if the night vision simply stopped working?
Can the base be wall mounted?
does this model have the capability to turn the screen off while keeping the audio on?
Wireless range extension question: Can this unit be set up to operate over a home wireless system (ie - go through my router) to extend the range?
Trouble with Night Vision (Motorola MBP20 Baby Monitor) Does the monitor require pitch dark conditions to work?
Does it come with rechargeable batteries and ac adapter?
The AC wire broke and it will not hold a charge. Is there is replacement I can purchase? I do NOT want to buy another monitor. Thanks
will the parents unit work without a battery installed as long as its pluged in.
Can I view feed from my phone
I have a major battery problem with this monitor. The battery drains out in max 2.5 hours. Do u think the model which I have got is defective.?
I am sure someone asked that before but does it work over WiFi? Can we stream the video on our iPhone? Or if not, is there a different version of it?
anyone worried about the wireless radiation from this monitor? Anyone have any insight?
Is this monitor Dual Voltage?! We are in Germany and I would like am monitor that i can use here with a converter but also use in the states
Is this model available in 240v
Motorols Monitors - MBP 36 vs MBP 33: Did anyone get the MBP 33 and wish they had gotten the MBP 36?
We currently have MBP33 monitor/camera-will it work with MBP36 camera?
If you get the second camera can you use it simultanously? Can I hear 2 rooms at 1 time?
Is the camera wireless as well? Or does it need to be plugged in?
How can you position the camera effectively??
Does is come with warranty?
How firm is it?
How thick is this pillow?
What is the difference between this pillow and the regular pillow other than the price?
What materials is the pillow made of?
Are there separate pillows with in or one continuous cushion? I'm worried about separation at the curve.
Hello Sir /Madam , could you give the information that if I want to buy your product alot, how do you packaging specifications?
Will this pillow snuggly support a petite person on their side? If there is too much space between the arms I'll end up sleeping on my back.
Does the cover have a zipper on it for easy removal?
Where is this pillow made?
what is the shipping dimensions of this product&#xFF1F;
Dimensions given as 15.8 x 3 x 8 inches. Please confirm overall size How does this fit standard crib? What is length and width? Thank you
My 2.5-year-old has been preferring to sleep on her plush rug over her old crib mattress, will this make her bed comfy again?
Can I cut this down to fit a mini crib mattress? (37" x 23 7/8") Will it unravel? Can I bind the edge on a sewing machine?
I use a crib sheet and quilted fitted mattress protector currently. Will I be able to still use these items with this or just a fitted sheet?
We have an Angel Care breathing monitor pad under our mattress. Has anyone used this with the Angel Care monitor? Does it interfere with it? Thanks!
How thick is it and does it have smell?
How thick is this mattress topper? How thick is this mattress topper?
How thick is this mattress topper? How thick is this mattress topper?
Is this pad supposed to be placed under the fitted crib sheet or over it? Thank you! :)
How does it compare to the Contours Options LT Tandem Stroller?
I am looking to buy one that is about 4 yrs old, does anyone know if this is compatible with the infant adapters i would buy here on Amazon?
How far back do the seats recline?
Does the stroller accecpt Chicco Keyfit 30 Infant Car Seat?
do both seats recline?
The specification has this stroller weighing 1 pound. Is this correct?
Can you use this stroller for newborn twins?
What is the actual collapsed size? Is there a different collapsed size if you remove the seats?
The weight limit says 40 lbs a seat- is that accurate or does anyone use it for heavier children?
Will it suit a tall toddler? My 2 yr old is 37 1/4in tall; will he be comfortable?
Must you use glass bottles or can you use plastic?
Does this bottle warmer fit Tommee Tippee bottles?
is this electric
I just had this item delivered, every thing came in the box but the plastic ring you place on top around the bottle. any thing we can do about that ?
Will it warm larger bottles as the child grows and drinks more milk?
I bought one of this, but don t warmer the water, i used the measure indicate of the bottle, And don t warm , used more and either.
Does this work with advent bottles?
Do you put water amount for size of bottle or how much milk is in bottle? Im using 5oz bottle but only 3oz of milk.
Will this product defrost frozen jarred food?
Hi, I would like to know if it is a 110 or 220 V product. How is the type of electricity plug. Does it works with batteries? Thanks.
Is this a photo album? How many pictures does it hold?
How many photos does this book hold?
is this hand and footprint photoframe or photo album?
Is this a photo album or just the hand/foot print wall hanging?
Does this do clear/white lights also or is it only red, blue and green? Thanks!
Does anyone know how this compares to the Dreamlites pillow buddy?
Does this play music or just project stars?
Does this model have a function to stay on all night?
Are the eyes on the ladybug open or closed? I've seen both but am looking for one with closed eyes. Thank you!
Do they have a waterproof layer?
how long are the pantyliners vs the regular vs supers?
What material???
Is it as breathable as Gladrags since it has a PUL lining underneath?
how do the liners stay in place?
Under product information it says 1 item. But I read a review that said you get 3 plus a bag? Do you get 3 for the 15.99?
Are they easily removable? Will they come off without peeling paint after several years?
What material are they made of, please?
Forgive my ignorance here, but what is the animal on the N?
Why do some of the letters have two lowercase letters after the uppercase letter?
How tall and wide are the letters?
How tall and wide are the letters?
How tall and wide are the letters?
are the animals seperate from the letters or are they attached to there letters?
Is there an alternative to putting on walls? I bought these and love them, but they peeled off my walls within days and then my cat chewed them up.
what is amazon customer service number
Where is the squeaker? I don't see where it is
Can't decide to go for this or the Manhatten Toy Winkel.... suggestions? My baby is 6 months old.
do the bars bend or are they hard plastic?
Mine doesn't seem to have the squeaker. Someone else answered that you push on the top but nothing squeaks. Anyone else has one that doesn't squeak?
Does this have a suction on the bottom to attach to high chair trays? It came up in the search for suction toys.
What ages are best to play with this toy? From . . . To what . . Months?
Is this toy BPA free?PVC?
Is this product BPA Free
Does it suction onto a table/surface?
Is the image for this item correct? I see an arch and not a ball. I want to make sure that I am ordering the correct item.
anyone know if these are made in china?
How big are the beads?
It looks like there is a knot between the beads in some colors and in other colors the beads run together. Is this true? Do both types pull hair?
I can't find the length- anyone know roughly???
Has the company addressed the issue with the clasp pulling your hair out?
Has anyone experienced the beads moving and exposing the knots? mine is fairly new and now maybe stretched out?
Were these mats tested for formamide? How can I get the toxisity screening results that are marked in product description as available upon request?
The mats have a smooth side and a textured side, which side should be facing up?
Is this mat really only 2 feet by 2 feet? It looks so much bigger in all the pics.
How do these fair on the cold floor?
Could I use these rugs for doing cardio workouts?
Do these mats have "rounders" for putting along the edges? If so, where can I find the rounder attachments on Amazon?
Do they come apart when used on carpet?
On a concrete floor (finished or unfinished) do these playmats make the floor slippery?
Could you please share information on the content of PVC, Phthalates and Flame Retardants in these play mats?
Some people are saying it leaves behind a slippery film on hardwood floors. Does the slippery film clean up easily or is it permanent?
What's the best way to clean this bottle especially the straw part that baby sucks on? We serve milk in this so cleaning is important!
Can you use the bottle without the handles?
Are you supposed to take out the short soft straw from the orange top and if so HOW do you get it out?
Does it have a valve that essentially shrinks the size of the straw? Looking for a good thick smoothie straw cup, with a non-removable straw.
Would this be good for a 7 month old learning to use a cup?
Does it have a weighted straw?
Does anyones leak? If I fill the cup w/ milk and leave it standing up, it leaks from the straw(pools around cap) before my son has began drinking.
Is this microwave safe and dishwasher are?
Is it vented?
WHERE IS IT MADE?
Can you get a regular sandwich in it?
can you put it in the microwave?
Can you put hot food in this and if so does it stay hot /warm?
Can this Tricycoo be steered with one hand? I want to buy two for my two young kids and would like to know if I could steer each one with one hand?
does this work in sand?
What is the difference between the discontinued version and the new version?
Does the trice make "ticking" sound when it is pushed by parent and the front wheel is locked?
Are the tires rubber of plastic? We have dirt driveway, plastic tires won't work well for us. Thank you in advance for your help.
Has anyone else had an issue with the front pedals not locking?
Is it easy to push? Can you steer with one hand?
In what country is the tricycle made?
Do these wheels hold up well on roads? We don't have pavements where we live and the roads aren't super smooth either.
Does this cover fit the new Target carts and Costco carts? Many other covers supposedly don't...
Does this attach to the actual cart to keep the baby from falling out of the shopping cart? Or is the safety belt just attached to the seat cover?
Is this padded? I noticed it's cheaper than all the other infantino covers but looks the same as others too in pics. Thanks!
how to fold to make it like a bag?
Is this item machine washable?
does this cover have any padding?
Does this cover fit well on a highchair? I just want to make sure it doesn't ride up and collapse inside the chair when a toddler moves around.
8 month
Does this come with a seat belt or a safety belt?
Hello, I loved the cover and ordered as shown in the picture (brown) and I got a pink and purple (why?) whitch I do not like for my grandson.
does it need to go back in packaging to store or can it just fold over
Does this gym have music? I want to purchase for my 1month old girl.
What is the package size ? I want to give to my friend abroad.
How can I clean it? Is it machine washable?
what age is this for? my great grandauthter will be 5 months when I give her this
I have a 5 month old over 15lbs. My bedroom is too small for a crib. will he fit in the bassinet that comes attached to it? What is the weight restriction for the bassinet?
What is the size of the playard? Product Dimensions says 19.5 x27 x15.8 inches but product description says playard measures 29 by 28-1/2 by 40 in?
does the pack n play come with a mattress?
How long can an infant sleep in the bassinet? My baby is 3 months and about 14 pounds.
Is a sheet included?
Is it comfortable &amp; safe for a 2 month old to sleep in the bottom? My 2 month old is over 15 lbs (so can't use bassinet). Does it hurt your back to bend and pick baby up from the bottom portion?
Does this packnplay come with a zip carry case cover?
What size box is it shipped in?
Where is the bassinet? Is it a separate item?
Where can I find a tight fitting fitted sheet for the elevated bassinet level?
Does it come with the base?
I recently bought this car seat and I feel like the Belts are not long enough, isn't this case? With my son's coat on I don't find enough belt for him
Is it easy to remove from base? Considering buying this seat and an extra base for our two cars rather than buying two separate car seats.
Is this seat part of the Graco Quick Connect system? I'm trying to match a car seat with a stroller from the Graco line.
Anyone who purchased drive a very small car? I drive a 4-door mini - wondering if this is a good choice for a compact car?
My car doesn't have LATCH interface. Can I use my car's seat belt to fasten car seat with rear-facing, forward-facing and belt-positioning position?
how much does the seat alone weigh
what would be matching (that you can just put that car seat in and go) stroller for this car seat? ()
I am an American living in Japan. Does this seat fit small cars? Can it be used on an airplane, and if so, is it viable (too big, too heavy)?
What is the maximum child length this will accommodate with the seat rear facing?
What is the footprint of this chair when it is assembled? Am trying to figure out if it would fit into a small kitchen. Thanks!
Can you still attach the tray when using it as the booster seat?
Can this product ship to India ? if yes what will be delivery charges
Are the straps removable and machine washable?
Lots of 5 star reviews despite other reviewers saying the tray will not lay flat. Is this true or possibly an assembly or adjustment issue?
Are the legs adjustable to raise and lower the chair height?
Does this high chair fold up for storage?
Can you remove the feeding tray with one hand?
what is the dimension of the package?
How high is the tray off the ground? We have a tall table.
Is normal to receive a box of white parts for Expresso? We haven't put it together but noticed one of the boxes contain only white parts.
Has anyone tried this as a toddler bed? the photo of the toddler bed set up looks like it is quite high off the ground?
Does the toddler rail come with the crib?
Is there a good changing pad cover to fit the pad that comes with this set?
rails are included
does the changing table detach to a dresser when you convert the crib to a toddler bed?
Does anyone know what dimension mattress fits this crib? Or what dimension the crib is?
I am a petite mom and am wondering if the height of the crib is adjustable?
Can you separate this so you can put the crib in one location and the changing table in other without them looking incomplete?
What length crib skirt do I need for the 3 positions of the mattress? As in, how high up does the mattress sit in each position?
How many?
does the top side have a soft feel, or is it really like a sheet of writing paper? thank you
Will it fit standard baby changing pads?
are they plastic on both sides, or does one side have paper? BPA free for side that touches baby?
how many are in the box?
Does this playard have the same play mat as Graco portable cribs (thin and soft)?
Can you add accessories to this, like a bassinet or napper?
what are the measurements when it is set up?
What are the dimensions when folded up?
What size sheet do you use with this playard? Thanks.
how does the mattress pad stay in place?
Does this model have the "infant insert" so you don't have to bend all the way to the floor when using it with an infant?
the dimension says 28" in height, is that inner height or outer height?
Does anyone know if this playard is Phthalate Free, Latex Free, Lead Free, BPA Free, as listed on Amazon? Thanks.
Is the dresser and the changing table the same white once says white and the other one pure white why if suposse to be a set collection?
solid wood construction?
What are the overall dimensions?
What shade of white is the chest? Stark white or off-white? I just want to know if it'll match the toddler bed I got from Delta Childrens.
Maybe I am confused, but what makes this different than using something like a blooming tub with the faucet on and keeping the drain open?
Is the tub white? It says the blue collection
up to what age my LO can still use the tub
Does this come with the sponge?
Would this also work for adults?
How long is this?
I've heard that raw is better than polished and that the lighter the amber the better "power" it has. Are these statements accurate?
I want to buy this necklace...it says it is raw in the description but the above question you say it is polished?
What kind of clasp does this necklace have?
Is this raw or polished?
I'm 5'9" and my husband is 6'. Is this crib is too low to get the child out when they get bigger and the mattress is lowered?
What is the Country of manufacture
what is a stationary crib? does the side rail come down like a traditional crib used to?
It says that there are only 2 in stock and I'm looking to buy for a set of twins but an concerned if one bed would be damaged?
The picture shows something under the mattress like a box spring? That not something that actually built into or included with the crib is it?
what size baby mattress should i get for this bed
Does anyone have any problems with the white crib smelling/off gassing? If so, how long did it take for the smell to go away?
What is this wood? Is is 100% solid wood or is there particle board or MDF in the wood?
We want to use this crib bedside and wonder if the wood would take having another hole drilled into it to create a higher level for the mattress?
Does a standard-size mattress fit this crib?
Are the shelves sturdy?
Is the color Jamocha comparable to an antique black or black?
what color exactly is the jamocha? can it pass for black finish or is it too red?
How high does the actual changing pad come up to? The height is listed at over 40" - is that for the back portion (the headboard) of the unit?
Can anyone post the assembly instructions for this item? Mine arrived without the instructions.
Is this jamocha color more black or brown?
What type of mattress support does this crib have? Is it a standard metal &amp; spring support?
Is the mattress level adjustable?
all necessary parts for conversion from a crib to a toddler bed are included. &lt;- from the description listed. is this the case, do you need to buy seperately?
Is the toddler guard rail included with the price
I've seen reports of other cribs having an issue with chipping paint/finish. Can anyone speak to the toughness of the finish, or if it has chipped?
What are the internal measurements for a mattress? I just want to make sure there won't be any extra room on the end or side.
Would this keep cats out?
How well does this fit on the graco pack n plays that have the infant bassinet option? Is it too close to the baby's face?
Has anyone used this on a Baby Bjorn travel crib?
can it fit a crib?
Will this keep tennis balls out or will it collapse in?
Just received this today - how do put the net on without it "smothering" your child first?
Does the package or any tags on the netting specify whether it has flame retardant or is flame resistant?
Has anyone tried this on the larger Tot Block Graco play yards? They are a square version of the traditional P&amp;P, so lack the narrower length. Any thoughts on whether this would work
We get a lot of biting gnats. Is the netting small enough to keep gnats and "no see-ums" out?
Does it fit on Eddie Bauer pack n plays?
Does this item come with the base? Just to clarify, does the $139.99 price include one base?
Fit in the Sit n Stand Double? Will this car seat fit in the Baby Trend Sit N Stand Double stroller?
Will this seat fit the Graco SnugRider Infant Car Seat Stroller Frame?
How do you adjust the sun shade? Is there a button to release or does it just pull forward?
Does this car seat fit in grocery cart seats? I heard that is car seat does not fit in grocery cart seats, is this true?
The base is included?
Which Sit and Stand type of strollers does this car seat work with? I had called Baby Trend and they said their strollers are not compatible with it.
Which lightweight umbrella strollers (Besides Britax B-Nimble) is this car seat compatible with?
Does this fit in smaller cars, such as a mustang? I've been told it's one of the few that does.
does this seat have a strap between the legs to tighten the 5 point harness or is it on the back of the seat?
Does it come in the original packaging? I need the barcode for the rewards program.
does carrier come with infant insert attached or do I buy separately?
does the fabric contain any fire retardants?
What is the manufacturer date on these? I am hoping it may quailify for Britax Rewards.
How large does the waist strap adjust to?
Does this run on batteries or electricity? We want one that runs on electricity and that seems hard to find.
What is the maximimum weight baby weight it will accomodate?
What is the material of the sheets? Are they 100% cotton?
I would like to take the bassinet as checked luggage overseas...does anyone have the size of the shipping box the bassinet comes in
Why can't you swaddle with the incline in?
Do the wheels scratch your wooden floor?
How was the mattress? Is it firm and flat? Some of the bassinets have folds on the mattress. Can a baby sleep in this bassinet overnight?
Will the basket detach from the frame to set directly on floor?
Does this bassinet only rock with the use of batteries or can you manually rock it as well?
What are the colors of the bassinet? Would colors work for a boy or girl?
Can the suction cup be removed for use with older kids?
Does it come with a lid/top?
Is it lead free?
are these bowls microwaveable?
In what country is this bowl manufactured?
Does the suction work on a wooden table?
Is there any kind of padding in this bag? We like to gate check our stroller
Is it waterproof? How does the bag seal? (Zipper, drawstring, velcro, etc?)
Will this fit the b-agile 4?
How small is this bag when not in use? How easy is it to lug the bag around when you are not using it (ie. en route to the flight gate)?
Would a jeep stroller fit in this bag
Does this fit all B-Angel models? Looking to use it for the 2015 model.
Does the additional child tray fit in the bag?
Can this bag fit the Britax Affinity?
Does this bag work for the B-ready?
Can you fold up the stroller with the tray attached?
Is it possible to fit Bitax B-Agile double stroller?
Can this tray be used on the Britax B Nimble stroller?
There are 2 models 856900 and 909900. which do I buy for a new stroller?
Can this be used with the Be ready stroller?
ship international
Is it possible to fit 2013 B-Agile stroller or 2014 B-Agile stroller
This accessory can be used in stroller quinny buzz?
Does this tray fit the Britax B-Ready Stroller?
Does this fit the BOB Motion stroller ?
Is this compatible with the B Agile car seat?
Will this work with my 2011 model Britax b ready car seat?
Do you get a second base or do you have to buy it separately?
Does this base cost to place in any car? Or he needs necessarily the system ISOFIX.
can this be used with the boulevard car seat?
What is the difference between this and just the B safe base kit?? Prices are different.
Having problem leveling the base. watched video, Pressed the button - not able to slide the base up/down. defective? Need to unlock something first?
can this net be used on the 4-wheel b-smart stroller?
Can you use the net with the infant car seat attached?
Is the net fasten tightly in the stroller when there is heavy wind?
Is the middle part of the net, the black part , protected from UVRays?
Is the middle part of the net, the black part , protected from UVRays?
Can this be used on the double B-Agile stroller?
We have the B-agile and the jogging BOB revolution. Would this be able to be used for both?
How do you put this on? I feel silly but can't figure it out! There's velcro and then those bunchy cord things. Help!
Is it waterproof?
Is it possible to fit 2013 B-Agile stroller or 2014 B-Agile stroller
my 5yr old son is 44 inches tall and weighs 42 pounds. is this stroller suitable for him and for how long ,and whats the height from seat to canopy
Has anyone had experience with this stroller on a gravel driveway? All roads are paved once we're out, but driveway is LONG.
How much stuff can you put in the basket?
Is the canopy removable from the stroller?
Does anyone know if you can manually force fold this stroller in the folded position. I have been struggling to fold mine because the button in jammed
I put the front wheel on upside down and can't get it off. What do I do?
My husband is 5'11", and he's had difficulties with some stroller handle bar heights. Is this stroller comfortable for a tall person to push?
Does the seat lay completely flat and is there leg support when older (3-5 year olds) want to lay back and nap?
Does the britax marathon convertible car seat work with this?
Can you use this with a newborn infant "out of the box" or do you need to buy either the car seat or bassinet in order to do that?
Will any other rain cover fit the B Agile stroller?
Does it fit the britax B-ready stroller 2012?
does cover Britax infant car seats together
Does this also fit the b-agile 4 wheel?
With Carseat? Can this be used with the car seat attached?
Can it use for medela swing breast pump?
Does this work with the Pump'n Style advanced?
How can I buy it from outside of the States?
How long is the cord?
Does this adaptor work for the 57000 model that uses output: 9VDC?
Does this work with the older pump in style advanced backpack (pre-2008)? It's 12 volt, and the original adaptor model is 920.7041.
The adapter that came with my Medela PIS has a 9VDC output. BUT, on the pump itself, it says 12VDC max. I assume this adapter will be fine, then?
I have a Medela Pump in Style Advanced with 9VDC max- will this adapter be suitable?
how long is the cord
Does this work with the Medela Freestyle Pump?
Does the main compartment have a zipper?
Does it come with the stroller straps?
Does this bag have an insulated pocket for bottles?
Can the bag be washed in a washing machine?
Is there a zipper on the top?
Does this bag have insulated pockets for bottles?
What is the country of manufacture, please?
Is the changing pad included with the diaper bag also pvc and pthalate free? Is the entire product formaldehyde free?
It was stated in a review that static cling products don't lessen the heat in a car,only the glare of the sun(?).This doesn't make sense to me. Help!
what are the sizes?
Does it block out enough sun? Or would you prefer it if it were darker?
Can you cut it to fit an irregularly-shaped window?
can you roll down the window with this installed?
There were no instructions in the two-pack I bought. Which side should be applied to the window--the black side or the white side?
Have you used it on the rear window? Would it interfere with rear window defrost strips?
how do they attach and detach??
What are the exact dimensions of this shade. How wide and how long?
Can you see in to the car from the outside?
Hi, you say this is for the v2 but in 1 of the questions you sY it is for the v3, which is it for please? And if it's for the v3 do you carry any for
umbrella is in this kit?
Is this available for V3 xplory?
The bag is included in this kit?
Will this stroller accomodate a normal size 4 year old child?
Help, I can't figure out how to lock it into place when it is open. Any time I push it, it starts to fold back up. What am I missing?
Is there attachment for infant car seat?
how does this stroller handle on ice/snow?
I am having trouble figuring out where to secure the D-ring straps for holding the folded position of the stroller, any suggestions??
Can you put an infant car seat in this stroller?
What is the measurement from seat bottom to the top of the seat back?
For those of you who have owned the Foundations Quad and the Foundations LX is there a significant difference in size of seats, canopy, and roominess?
Can the seats be folded flat to accomodate infants?
My 5mo. old can't sit up on his own but has outgrown his travel system. Would this work for his age on a regular stroller that doesn't recline flat?
How does it fasten? Velcro? Is the fabric soft?
Does it get hot in the summer? In a warmer climate?
How does this fit in Britax B-safe infant car seat?
can i use with graco click connect stroller??
Will this fit comfortably in a Graco snugride classic connect? (the one without the head support)
The picture doesn't show slits for straps. Does it have slits? Also, can this be used for inside a stroller?
Should this be washed before putting the baby in it for the first time? (Asking b/c you're supposed to wash baby clothes before first use)
Can some one tell me... is this solid black on the other side?
Has anyone used this in a Chicco KeyFit?
The description says that the changer is detachable - if you detach the changer, do you still have a full crib? (or are there only 3 sides)?
I would like to know the real size and weight of the box or boxes when this crib comes. Can you help me?
Do you sell the rail accesories to convert in toddler and full size Bed?
What size mattress would you recommend for the crib?
Hello, I would like to know if in this kit coming all parts to assembly the full size bed?
I am in desperate need of information on where I can purchase the conversion rails for this crib? My daughter has the crib but she didn't purchase the conversion rails . Please help me to find this item ?
Would a 51.625 x 27.25 x 5.0 mattress fit this? My mother bought it as a gift and we need to buy a mattress still.
assembly instructions
Can the changer be attached on left or right? or is it set to only attach on the right?
Im a 1st time father and curious what is the convertible that is sold seperately??? Do you need to buy something to make it change into a bed???
What size mattress fits with this crib ?
what is the difference between the 4-1 to the 5-1?
Is there an extra panel that covers the end of the crib if I choose not to attach the changer? Can I use both as standalone items for an infant?
hi i want to know what kind of wood is the crib and Dimensions and weight have the box after packing the product.
Is this item "Made in USA"? The description says the origin is "Made in USA" though I saw the same item from Target and it is made in China. Thanks!
What ages are best for this toy?
is it thick enough to use on a hardwood floor alone?
does this item comes with a little pillow for newborn's tummy time?
What are the 8 classical melodies that this toy plays? I can't find a list of the songs anywhere.
is this foldable for travel
Is the material of the mat soft cotton or is it slippery?
One was given to me without toys. Can these be purchased for it, or do I need to just purchase separate toys that I can find to hang from it?
batteries?
Are the hanging toys which come with the play gym BPA free and okay if my bay uses them for teething?
Can you take off one of the sides and have it be a toddler bed? I know it doesn't list it as such, but I wondered if it would work or not.
I can't see a link to the bed rail to convert the crib into a full-sized bed. Which bed rails can be used?
what size ( in inches) mattress has been used with this and fit well?
can i get the instruction to build the baby crib online?
Once converted, does the toddler and day bed use the crib mattress or a twin mattress??
Are all pieces needed to convert to a toddler bed included with this crib? I understand the full size bed rails are not included.
What size mattress would be recommended for this crib?
Is a crib skirt able to work with this crib? Thanks!
How tall is the crib from the ground to the top of the front rail (the rail you lean over)?
The cherry color in the picture looks very brown, like espresso. Is it a true cherry wood color in person?
Do you need to buy a special crib mattress or changing pad, or can you use the standard ones you can buy anywhere?
Why the changer is on the left side of the crib? is that a safety concern? Doesn't it make changing harder using left hand?
Can you set up the crib and changing table separately? Are they sturdy and do they look good on their own?
can the changer be attached to either side of the crib?
Does the standard mattress size fit in this crib or I need a special size?
Hi, I would need to further internationally ship this crib, so I would like to enquire what are the dimensions of the packed item. Thank you.
What size is the changing table? Can I get a standard changing pad to fit?
Hi, I need to find out the dimensions of the package the crib comes in. Anybody still have dimensions from the box?
what country are these sheets made in?
Does this sheet fit a rectangular bassinet mattress? Also, what are the dimensions of the sheet?
Is the mocha a light brown like the picture shows or a dark brown?
Does this work on the 2015 Cruz?
wll this work with the cruz 2014?
Looks like this could work for the baby jogger city mini GT...anyone know?
Will this work with the newest vista 2015 stroller?
Will this work with the newest vista 2015 stroller?
is this for the vista stroller as well?
Can you recline the stroller with the organizer attached?
Does this fit the Uppababy Cruz?
i will be buying 2 products from Uppababy, can you consolidate shipping so that 2 items will be shipped out in one package?
Is this compatible with the G Lite stroller?
Why does it have a California proposition 65? Isn't it supposed to be non toxic?
Does this fit the bugaboo cameleon3? I&acute;m looking for an insert for it! Thank you
How much does the seat need to recline to use this w/a newborn? Wondering if room enough for a rumbleseat to be simultaneously used for my toddler.
Is this compatible with 2014 Cruz?
Can this be used on top of the uppababy seat liner?
Does this fit the Mesa car seat?
Can this be used the in the uppababy vista 2015 rumble seat?
Does this fit the new UppaBaby Vista 2015?
Will this work with the 2015 Cruz?
Does it fit the baby jogger city select? I'm looking for an insert for my baby from birth to 6 months using city select. Thanks!
I have a diaper bag that loops over a stroller's handle bars. Is it possible to do this with the UPPAbaby Cruz without the bag sliding down the frame?
Has anyone else had issues with the brake not engaging after a short time (3 months) of use?
does this come with the bassinet?
Does this have a telescopic handle like the Vista?
Can you steer this stroller with one hand?
Has anyone carried this on to a plane (or checked it at the gate)? Or is it too big, requiring to check it in at check-in?
Is this stroller compatible with 2015 Mesa car seat without adapter?
Can we use a 2013 Vista bassinet with this stroller? Are the latches the same &amp; will it fit just as well in the frame as it would in a Vista stroller?
Can a maxi cosi infant seat connect to this stroller with an adapter?
Does the stroller come with the rain shield....its one of the pictures displayed on the product page
can you attach a second seat?
Will the car set fit into the stroller for infants?
Does this stroller come with rain shield and mosquito net?
is the color ice blue the same as tyler?
Is this the 2013 model?
Is the metal bar on the leg rest uncomfortable for a long-legged toddler sitting in the stroller?
I'm loving the light blue and lavender Cruz but worried after 6mths it will look dirty. Anyone had a problem with the lighter colors??
What is the issue California has with this stroller?
What is the year of this model?
Does it fit the britax B-safe with the base?? Or just the car seat itself.
Will a Graco My Ride 65 Convertible Car Seat fit in this?
Does it fit huge Britax boosters? We have a Pinnacle 90 on the way - they say it fits ALL of their car seats, but... tight fit for our Advocate now.
Will it fit a Chicco Nextfit?
Does it fit Britax Roundabout G4? I know it is supposed to fit all Britax seats but comparing dimensions it seems the bag is smaller than the seat.
we will be gate checking so i am wondering if this bag folds up enough to put in a carry on until we reach the gate? or would it be too bulky?
Does this fix the Brittax Marathon seat?
Is this bag padded/ offer extra protection to the seat?
Is this bag compatible with the new 2015 B-Safe 35 Car Seat?
Will this fit the advoacate? One person said it BARELY fit and they broke the zipper trying.J Childress bag. is too small but dimensions are similar
made in ?
It is microwave safe?
where is this made?
Are these microwave-safe?
Do these fit in the Dr Brown bottle warmer?
What are the lids made of?
Are these containers glass or plastic? I understand the lids are plastic but what about the jars?
Can this hold 6 medela bottles?
Would this bag store Avent bottles if I were to put it on my registry to take with me to work to pump and store?
how do you wash this bag?
Can i use Medela Ice Pack to replace the ice packs of this?
Does it come with the ice packs?
Does it fit 8 oz bottles? How many?
is the top the same size as a regular plastic throw away bottle? Does anyone know if the Waterweek sport top will fit on it?
Does anyone know what this lid is made out of? Silicone or plastic?
Hi Mommies, Is the bottle comes with the spout or just bottle &amp; sleeve? Photo shows with spout but just want to make sure :)
how tall are the 4 oz &amp; 9 oz bottles?
What is the intended purpose of the clear (ish) silicone "sleeve" that fixs within the plastic spout of the sippy cup?
Do the contents pass through plastic?
Is this good for a 3 year old child?
Is the glass lead free?
is the top the same size as a regular plastic throw away bottle? Does anyone know if the Waterweek sport top will fit on it?
Does anyone know what this lid is made out of? Silicone or plastic?
Hi Mommies, Is the bottle comes with the spout or just bottle &amp; sleeve? Photo shows with spout but just want to make sure :)
how tall are the 4 oz &amp; 9 oz bottles?
What is the intended purpose of the clear (ish) silicone "sleeve" that fixs within the plastic spout of the sippy cup?
Do the contents pass through plastic?
Is this good for a 3 year old child?
Is the glass lead free?
Do these work on the 4 oz bottles?
How can I get these to work consistently? Sometimes I screw them on and I can't get liquid to flow out at all, and other times they work just fine. What's the trick?
Okay, so, do these fit other glass bottles, e.g. Evenflo, or just LifeFactory ones?
How do you get water out of these lids?? When the plastic insert is in I can't evenget the water out. I loosened the lid and that didn't help either.
Do these fit Dr. Brown's 4 oz plastic bottles?
Can this be used for a 9-month old to drink water or milk out of?
Do these leak?
Does this work with all standart sized bottles? I have evenflow glass bottles I would love to get a sippy lid for.
Do the sippies have measurements marked on the bottle? I know the baby bottles do.
Do these fit on the evenflow glass bottles?
I'm wondering if these caps will fit on the Evenflo glass bottles or Dr. Brown's standard (not wide neck) bottles. Thanks
Do you carry 4 oz sippy caps? Or can i use 9 oz sippy caps for 4 oz bottles?
Anyone use this for a 6-7 month old? (She never really took to a bottle)
I worry about the cup breaking. My 11 month old drops everything on purpose. Anyone have experience with this cup being dropped multiple times? Thanks
Does the child have to suck really hard to get water or milk out when using the sippy caps?
Do you think you could fit a straw through the sippy hole? I really want a glass straw cup and can't find any affordable options. Thanks!
Will these fit the NUK glass bottles? They have a wider neck than a standard bottle. Thank you!
I am wondering how it would be when you wash it, is it easy? How many parts does it have?
Do these come with the spout cover?
what is the sippy sput made of?
Battery won't charge: Anyone have suggestions?
Do you get coverage from a 2 story home?
Can it be plugged up or is it battery operation only?
Having issues with interference and my router/wifi. I've tried changing channels in my router settings, but still same thing. Any suggestions?
does it work oversease with 230 to 240V
Is it normal for the monitor to turn black and the signal to fade every so often? I end up having to push the button on the right to turn it on again?
IF the camera stands on the table, it's too far away to get a clear picture of my baby. Can it be installed on the crib?
What model year is this? I'm aware of 2011 models beeping when in VOX mode.
Range
will it work in Europe?
Does this crib come with the conversion pieces for the toddler bed?
Where can I purchase the toddler rail? Been searching for months! Thanks
how can i order the guard rail for this crib?
Has anyone used them for liquids? I want to pack my kids salsa in them (pretty runny salsa) and everything has leaked that I've bought...
Is the price for a single cup or a set as shown?
Oh also, how many ounces are they? Like 2 or 3 or 4 ish? Not needing scientific measurement, just an idea :D thanks.
CAN YOU USE IN DISHWASHER
Are the lids transparent enough to see what's inside the cup?
Would you feel comfortable (spill-wise) filling these containers and putting in a suitcase and checking it in?
Is this microwavable?
Do they fit Dr. Brown's Deluxe Bottle Warmer? Because it says it can warm up food as well.
when you stack them (like in the picture) are they still separate containers, or do they become one bigger container?
Is this airtight? Does it keep snacks fresh and for how long?
How do you remove the cover to wash it? The two zippers have no handles and won't budge no matter how I try!
will this fit as extra padding in the pack and play?
How thick is the mat when unfolded?
does this slide around? I'd like to put foam climing toys on top so they don't slide across the floor.
Where is this made in?
Has any one used this car seat in a Kia Sportage or a similar small crossover SUV? How does it fit?
How easy is the installation using a seat belt in a car without LATCH?
Does this car seat include the car seat base? or your I buy it separately: Does this car seat include the car seat base?
Has anyone tried the Pria 70 on a car seat stroller like Brica roll n go ? I am flying with my Son soon &amp; I need something for his car seat in airport
Would this be time consuming to install/switch out between two cars regularly? I know it's not the same concept as a infant car seat.
Can I fit the Maxi-cosi pria 70 in my Toyota yaris 2009 sedan? My baby is also tall he is 25 inches and 4 months old
Does anyone know the dimensions of the box as it is shipped from amazon? I need a friend to carry this with him on an international flight.
Could newborn use it form hospital to home?
Will this seat install RF, center position, using LATCH in a 2002 Chevy Silverado 2500HD Extended Cab?
Maxi-Cosi Pria 70 vs. Safety 1st Complete Air 65. Which would you recommend. My son is 6 months 20 lbs and 27 inches tall
On a windy day will this shade "stay put" (is it attached in any way?); Or will it tend to blow open or off?
Will this fit a Baby Trend car seat?
how long does it take for you to ship the order? how long till it gets to me?
Can anyone tell me if it fits a Graco Snugride 22?
Does this EVC seat cover work with a PegPrego Car seat?
What are the dimensions for this item?
Color of decal? Can I get this decal in brown instead of black?
is it easy to remove?
What is the diameter of the plates?
BPA free ? suction bottom work well ?
Are these plates microwaveable and dishwasher safe?
Do you spray cloth diapers off before you drop them in the pail? Is mold ever an issue?
Does it come with a carbon filter?
Would this fit a planet wise pail liner? From the sound of it this is a small pail and I believe that the pail liners are for larger pails? Thanks!
does the pail leak without the bags just having water in the pail
Is there some reason this can't be used with disposable diapers? I just need a good pail that contains odor.
Has anyone had issue with mold in this pail? Or had a pail in which they had mold and this pail solved the problem?
What kind of replacement filters should I buy for this?
Can you use it for adult incontinence products , or cat litter waste?
how many cloth diapers can be storage?
I just received this in the mail and I'm concerned the lid will be difficult. Would it be better to have something with a pedal?
My 5mo. old can't sit up on his own but has outgrown his travel system. Would this work for his age on a regular stroller that doesn't recline flat?
How does it fasten? Velcro? Is the fabric soft?
Does it get hot in the summer? In a warmer climate?
How does this fit in Britax B-safe infant car seat?
can i use with graco click connect stroller??
Will this fit comfortably in a Graco snugride classic connect? (the one without the head support)
The picture doesn't show slits for straps. Does it have slits? Also, can this be used for inside a stroller?
Should this be washed before putting the baby in it for the first time? (Asking b/c you're supposed to wash baby clothes before first use)
Can some one tell me... is this solid black on the other side?
Has anyone used this in a Chicco KeyFit?
What are the heights of the two adjustable mattress levels (bottom of mattress to floor)?
Amazon looking to buy the white or grey color. Can you offer it please?
Has anyone had issues with this crib rolling on hard wood floors? The wheels are terrible and the crib does not roll at all.
What are the heights of the two adjustable mattress levels (bottom of mattress to floor)?
Amazon looking to buy the white or grey color. Can you offer it please?
Has anyone had issues with this crib rolling on hard wood floors? The wheels are terrible and the crib does not roll at all.
What are the heights of the two adjustable mattress levels (bottom of mattress to floor)?
Amazon looking to buy the white or grey color. Can you offer it please?
Has anyone had issues with this crib rolling on hard wood floors? The wheels are terrible and the crib does not roll at all.
Is the outer covering fleece or polyester?
I need something like this to keep my baby's head straight when he naps in the stroller. How do I keep it in place?
Is this necessary if I'm already buying an infant snuzzler (support for car seats and strollers) ?
can this be regularly used in crib too?
Prevent toddler head slumping forward? Thinking if I turn upside down and atrach to shoulder straps, it could support chin so doesn't touch chest?
Can this fit on the Baby Jogger City Mini GT??
Can this be used with Britax G4 seats?
Is this mattress covered with plastic or cotton?
Is this mattress lead free?
Will this fit in a toddler bed? Some of the reviews are saying how tight it is. Thanks!
Hello, our existing crib mattress is too firm for my toddler, she doesn't seem to sleep very well. Is the toddler side noticeably softer? Thank you
Does this matress make as lot of noise with movement? my toddler will does not like hers due to the noise when she moves
Does this use regular Crib Sheets or do you need deep pocket?
Does this mattress fit the Delta Bentley 4 in 1 crib?
Is this mattress shipped in a box or just wrapped in plastic?
Shipping size?
How Thick is this mattress
What is the right size for my 21/2 year old boy .?
is it $15.95 for just one??
Do they run big? The large was way too big for my 34lb 3 yro and 45lb 6 yro. They wear 3t and 4-6 underwear. They looked like they would fit a 10 year old. Do they shrink? Reorder S or M??
How does this pack up? Is it portable?
Can you attach additional toys to it?
does it have any tummy pillows with it?
Are the teethers dishwashable? Or i can boil them ?
Can the music and light box be turned on for continuous play or does it have to be activated by the baby pulling on the monkey for it to work?
How portable is this gym? Would I be able to fold it up and comfortably be able to transport it via airplane and take on vacation?
Please specify the length*width*height packing
Can you wash the mat itself in the washing machine?
Was this product treated wi flame retardants and if yes which parts?
What are the measurements of this product when it is folded up for shipping?
I presume take &amp; toss does not mean disposable based on the reviews and the spec saying they are dishwasher safe? How many uses are they safe for?
How many straws does it come with?
How many inches long are the straws?
How many cups come in the package? In the "quantity" sections says 1, but I see 3-4
I see that these are BPA free. Are they also PVC and phylate-free?
Is it easy for the child to pull the straw out or is there a ridge on the straw holding in thi the cup?
Where are these made?
Are these BPA free?
Are the cups "squeezable"? I am trying to teach 16 month old how to use a straw.
microwave safe?
How long is it? I can't find the length anywhere
What are the mattress dimensions? I would like to consider ordering a naturepedic one to replace what comes with it.
Does it come with the little white mattress shown in the picture. And if so, how comfortable is it for baby?
Does it meet flammability requirements in California? It should say on the tag.
I would like to know what will be the size of the box if I order it, and what is the shipping time to Israel, thanks
Dear All, I would like to know the shipping time to Brazil. Kind Regrads Fl&aacute;vio
Would this be useful travelling on a plane? Resting on my lap or the floor?
Is the green part machine-washable? I'm considering buying a used one and want to make sure it'll be hygienic to put into my bed.
Does it have a plug-in option or does it only use batteries? I was that the battery life is only two hours. That seems pretty short lived to me.
what sort of material is in the zippered booster part of the chair? hard or soft foam? do I add my own foam?
What sort of material is the top strap made of...elastic, nylon with a clasp, etc.? How far do the top and bottom straps extend (length in inches)?
What country is this made in?
Is there anything you could buy to make the shoulder straps from slipping off the shoulders as shown in the picture?
What is the weight/size/age limit?
How tall is the cushion? (How much height is added between the top of the seat and the top of the cushion?)
can you adjust the height of the "boost" in anyway? some tables my toddler needs a few inches others not too much.
Is the carrying straps long and sturdy enough to wear across the chest?
What is the product dimensions when it is closed and zipped up?
Is there any storage in the seat for small items (eg diaper or travel placemat)?
What are the measurements for the "mattress"? I am buying a seperate organic mattress for the removeable bassinet.
Can you adjust the height so the bassinet is level with the mattress on the parents' bed?
what is the size of the playard? is it really only 14 inches tall and 11 inches wide as specified? Thank you.
How long are they?
Is it completely 100 percent cotton front and back
how big can the neck opening get? is the 10" size the smallest or largest?
are there 3 snaps on the "one size" option? I thought they were all adjustable with 3 snaps?
how wide does the gate expand
When fully expanded how wide are the gaps (diamond shapes)?
Does this gate have to sit on the floor or can it be installed a couple inches above the floor? I'm worried about it scratching my wood floor.
How does the latch work? Can a 4 year old open it? How about a 18 month old?
Does this get screwed into the wall or is pressurized?
Does this get screwed into the wall or is pressurized?
How tall is the gate when it is opened to 58"?
Is it possible to buy 2 of these and latch them together? Is it safe/stable to do so? The opening i have is 103" and need to find a solution.
Would a wheelchair fit through this gate? It is large electric wheelchair. If not can you recommend another safey gate? Thanks so much!
need to mount this on stair banisters. top mount would be about 1-2" further back than the bottom mount due to shape of banister. would this work?
it says it only is 26" in length but the description of the same gate at walmart.com says it's up to 50" in length...which is it :)
ehat is the exact height and width of this gate?
Can you open the gate for an adult to walk through without having to take the whole thing down? Not clear in the description.
What is the distance between the bumpers on the side?
Could this be installed in the doorway of a sliding glass door on a track?
What's difference between this one and Evenflo Position and Lock Tall Wood Mount Gate? http://www.amazon.com/dp/B000056JHW/
Does this fit in a standard doorway?
Hi Everyone.. I would like to put this gate in my windows. Does it have a finish or is it raw wood please?
What are the Dimensions
Can this be installed into drywall? We want to place it in our hallway, not at a door, to allow access to multiple rooms.
What is the maximum opening at the top of the stairs that this gate will fit.
I'd like to find a wooden gate that matches my floors, but have had trouble finding this. Can this gate be stained or is their a finish on it?
Can this gate be popped off/on the hardware? We want something we can put up for everyday use and take down for a day if we have a party or something.
Can this gate be mounted if I have posts on each side (no walls)?
Will this gate be able to accommodate a top mounting width that is a little different than the bottom mounting width?
Are you able to use this if one of the mounting sides is a bannister?
Does anyone know the difference between this and the Evenflo Top of Stairs Gate Plus?
The xtra tall seems to be fairly similar to the Plus....but $10 cheaper. Is there any reason to get the plus?
What is the distance between the posts - looking to use for cats?
will it work with suspension seat posts
I have a 26" Kent Alameda Adult Tricycle. Will this work with it?
My son is 100cm high and is getting too big for the wee ride. Would his hight be a problem on the tyke toter?
I have a SE 2014 RIP STYLE 26 WOMEN'S will this fit I am at the lowest setting but might be able to lift a bit more seat?
Is it awkward peddling around the child or does it seem normal?
Hi, how comfortable is the seat, can a child falls off the seat if hitting a big bump? my son is little over 3 years old. thanks
Will this work with a recumbent road bike?
I have a Trek FX 7.2 will this work?
Does the bike seat have to be in an elevated position to fit this underneath it? My bike seat is at the lowest setting for me feet to touch ground.
I have a Schwinn Men's 700c OR2 28" Hybrid Bike, front suspension travel. Will this work with it? TIA
Does this fit the Maclaren volo stroller?
Does buying it on Amazon still give you the guarantee from Uppababy?
Does a Mclaren umbrella stroller fit in this bag?
has anybody tried this bag with the Baby Jogger City Select stroller?
Is this bag fit the bassinet &amp; toddler seat together with the Stroller ?
Would this fit a City Mini stroller?
Will it fit Maclaren Techno XLR stroller?
Does this fit G-Luxe 2013 model?
Does this fit the Britain B-Agile stroller?
Does this fit The Vista stroller?
Will these work on a becco also?
Will these work for other baby carriers besides an ERGO? For example, a Beco Gemini?
age
Is this product includes two pads or only one? Thanks
Is there a difference between the "teething" pads and the "sucking" pads?
Has anyone actually purchased and received this crib in espresso? It shows they offer it in espresso but when you click on the espresso pictures it still looks white.
What is the width of the slats in this crib?
Are the feet removable?
Is the french white a true white or off white?
Does this include the toddler rail?
ALL 4 PIECES ARE BRINGING?
Please goodnight wish to clarify a question regarding a purchase of SoHo Pink / Blue and Brown diaper tote bags 4 pcs set (Blue and Brown) which says
I want the blue to a child as the order of the color I want is done ???
I want to buy this soho 4 pc diaper bag but I want it in pink an brown can I be guaranteed to get the pink and brown set.
hi do you have pink color in stock right now ?
what kind of clasp is used?
Is anyone else having problems with it stretching? My son wore it for 1 afternoon and it is now 15.5" long!!! I am returning for a new one!
How long is the necklace? 6 inches? That seems like a bracelet size. I have a 14 month old, will it fit her?
is it a safety clasp and is the thread safety knotted?
How long does it take for it to work? My six-month old has had it on his neck nonstop for 4-5 days, but we have not seen any positive effects yet.
I dont grasp much from the dimentions given. How many inches in length??
How many inches is the necklace? I don't understand how to measure the size.
Does anyone know if this mattress will fit the First Years' 5-in-1 Bassinet? http://www.amazon.com/First-Years-Swe...
Will this work with the Badger Basket Portable Bassinet n Cradle? And what sheets fit this mattress?
does this have flame retardants on it? Hope not!
Do these fit in standard moses baskets?
Does this fit the BabyBjorn bassinet?
Is this actually 13 inches wide? The photo shows the package with 14 inches.
Is the firmness in this bassinet mattress comparable to a crib mattress?
Is the mattress waterproof? How do you clean it? Can it go in the washer?
How do you put it away in your bag if your baby pees on it?
What is the "waterproof" materal? Vinal or PVC?
I use a waterproof pad on my bed at night when I breastfeed. However, the pad I use causes my baby to sweat.Any thoughts on if this might work better?
what is the waterproof layer? Is it PUL or vinyl?
I have hard floor, is this cushioned enough to use on the floor?
How much noise does it make when turned on? I am actually looking for a humidifier that makes some noise so it can also serve like a sound soother.
does it need a filter
It says to be 5' away from walls? Anyone having a problem with this? I need to return it If I can't have it within 2' or less to a wall.
Can you move the flower in different directions
How much noise does it make when turned on? I am actually looking for a humidifier that makes some noise so it can also serve like a sound soother.
does it need a filter
It says to be 5' away from walls? Anyone having a problem with this? I need to return it If I can't have it within 2' or less to a wall.
Can you move the flower in different directions
Has anyone installed the lock and fall off while using the oven?
Does this work with ovens mounted under countertops?
Would this work on a double oven bottom door?
could this be used on the dishwasher? my toddler is able to flip the switch/lever thing and pull it open--even when running and very hot :/
how do you take it off after it's been on for a while? I have to replace mine.
When installed and in the locked position, how far down does the lock extend?
Has anyone tried the on a broiler door?
Has anyone left this on while letting the oven self clean?
What size room? How many square feet?
Can you add an essential oil to the water?
Dose the Safety 1st Soothing Mist Ultrasonic Humidifier work good?
Does it completely come apart for cleaning? I have a Penguin crane, but it is impossible to clean the slime out of the res and steam output shaft.
what's the wattage this unit use? it should say on the unit itself or the box? I couldnt find anything in google. thanks a lot
Can it be use on 220v?
Does this have a filter to be replaced periodically?
Have any of you used this unit for more than a year? I want one that will last; (I clean my humidifiers, but they only last 1 season- frustrating) Thx
is it warm mist?
does it refill from the top?
I received a Baby Trend Expedition travel system from my baby shower, will this cover work with the Baby Trend brand as well?
will this fit the snugride connect 30 infant seat?
My son has a Eddie Bauer Infant Car Seat that I no longer use will it fit that??
Does it have drying function?
Does it fit Born Free bottles?
does it fit the avent natural style bottles or only the classic style?
How about the voltage? 110V or 220V?
What the benefit of 4-in-1 over 3-in-1?
When you aren't using the machine do you leave the lid off so the inside air dry's or do you always leave the lid on?
If i shipped this item to Singapore, I need the voltage to be 110v. Will the export unit be 220v or 110v
can this work under 220V or just 110V?
what is the volt of this product? 120V or 220V ?Thanks.
How do i dry items?
If I order multiple packs will all of them be clear (no coloring)? I am wanting clear pacifiers only.
how many does it come with with $5.99
How many does it come with
What does it mean with "Orthodontic"? Is this to correct an existing problem? or to promote natural development of a baby's teeth?
I understand this is a 2-pack, but which colors? Clear, blue, green, purple, or a combination?
do they come with a cap? and how can i get 2 pacifiers with blue colors?
Is this product supports dual voltage?
I'd like to know the max wattage of the item?
does it work with dr brown bottles?
one thing more, how about the filament of the item is it anti rust or not?cause i read some of the comments and rusted heating device loc @ d bottom?
does it fit medela bottles
Hi...mine couldn't be turned on all of a sudden. What went wrong?
Has anyone used this for Evenflow 8oz. Glass bottles? I keep reading that a lot of 8oz. Bottles don't fit well.
bottles are still wet?
what is the maximum numbers of bottles that can be sterilized at one time?
Can we use Avent Natural bottles?
Why does this say nap mat? Is it just a sleeping bag or is it a nap pad?
Is is to small for a 2 and a half year old?
Would a 6/7 year old fit in this?
does it have a zipper?
Is it machine washable?
does the car seat detach from the base? Do you take carseat out of the base to put in stoller or does whole carseat and base go in the stoller
Does this travel set bring the base? Or is it sold separately?
Does the car seat snap into the stroller?
See mixed reviews on the padding. Some say its too thin and others say its comfy. Also being that there is no comfort grip on the handle, does that make it more difficult to hold and or carry?
Is the level suppose tho have a bead in it?
is this car seat heavy or lite?
Is the pad machine washable?
will this capsule fit into Kolcraft Universal Express Rider Stroller
Anyone know how tall a baby is when they outgrow the length capacity of this seat?
Does it use the LATCH system, seat belt system or both?
Does the carseat come with a base or do I have to purchase one seperately?
Does this car seat come with the base included!
Is this car seat compatible with the BOB Revolution SE Single Stroller and if it is, which adaptor will we need?
What is the cover on the car seat used for? For cold weather?
Is a separate car seat cover (like the one from JJ Cole) necessary since it seems like this model comes with a footmuff/cover already?
What is the difference between the Keyfit 30 and the Keyfit 30 graphica?
Does the black fabric trim have perforations (they look like small holes, almost what you see on perforated leather), or is it closer to a suede?
Can anyone tell me if they noticed a strong chemical smell from this car seat?
Does it really only weigh 8lbs or is that a typo? OTher carseats are 21 lbs.
Does this work with the city select stroller? Not the mini but the bigger version?
Is this the Chicco Keyfit 30 Magic?
Anyone know, if water or juice drop on the mat, will it be absorbed by the foam of the mat? or water will stay on the surface of the mat?
What is the size of the mat when it is packed (as shipped by you)? I want to carry this as checked-in bag on an international flight, but I will have to pay extra if it is too big.
What is the measure in inches
Will cats ruin it with their claws?
Can this mat be folded and fit in suit case (checked in baggage) for travel or it should only be rolled
Where is this made? Where is this made?
Anyone know, does this mat fit within the confines of the "North States Superyard Play Yard 6 panel"?
what is the packaged dimensions of this product?
Where is this item made?
Where is it made from?
how this will stay in-put if it doesnt go around the corners...
Does this product make them hot/sweat? How does it actually hold up in the washer and dryer? Does it melt or detach in dryer?
up to what mattress thickness will it fit?
I have a Chicco capri stroller and don't like the fact that when I fold it the wheels touch the hood. Does this happen with this stroller?
Hi I would like to know what year was this stroller manufactured and if its the model that has been recalled?
I am lookng to travel international with 3 lay overs. is it light weight and comfy for the a 1 year old ?
I have a tall child...is this the ideal stroller for us?
Has anyone used this stroller with a B-Safe car seat? I installed it as it says on the video, but it is not very tight
I have this stroller in silver and it is so dirty because when you fold it the wheels touch the canopy. You can't take it apart to wash it, does anyone have any recommendations?
I received the britax b-nimble as a baby gift and one of the front tires (that comes seperately). Is it is possible to get a replacement tire?
Does anybody know if the Britax b-safe car sea fits with this stroller? I dont know it they fit together!
Can this rear or front face?
Anybody know if there are any adapters for safety 1st 35 infant car seat? Thanks!
I have a Chicco capri stroller and don't like the fact that when I fold it the wheels touch the hood. Does this happen with this stroller?
Hi I would like to know what year was this stroller manufactured and if its the model that has been recalled?
I am lookng to travel international with 3 lay overs. is it light weight and comfy for the a 1 year old ?
I have a tall child...is this the ideal stroller for us?
Has anyone used this stroller with a B-Safe car seat? I installed it as it says on the video, but it is not very tight
I have this stroller in silver and it is so dirty because when you fold it the wheels touch the canopy. You can't take it apart to wash it, does anyone have any recommendations?
I received the britax b-nimble as a baby gift and one of the front tires (that comes seperately). Is it is possible to get a replacement tire?
Does anybody know if the Britax b-safe car sea fits with this stroller? I dont know it they fit together!
Can this rear or front face?
Anybody know if there are any adapters for safety 1st 35 infant car seat? Thanks!
I have a Chicco capri stroller and don't like the fact that when I fold it the wheels touch the hood. Does this happen with this stroller?
Hi I would like to know what year was this stroller manufactured and if its the model that has been recalled?
I am lookng to travel international with 3 lay overs. is it light weight and comfy for the a 1 year old ?
I have a tall child...is this the ideal stroller for us?
Has anyone used this stroller with a B-Safe car seat? I installed it as it says on the video, but it is not very tight
I have this stroller in silver and it is so dirty because when you fold it the wheels touch the canopy. You can't take it apart to wash it, does anyone have any recommendations?
I received the britax b-nimble as a baby gift and one of the front tires (that comes seperately). Is it is possible to get a replacement tire?
Does anybody know if the Britax b-safe car sea fits with this stroller? I dont know it they fit together!
Can this rear or front face?
Anybody know if there are any adapters for safety 1st 35 infant car seat? Thanks!
I have a Chicco capri stroller and don't like the fact that when I fold it the wheels touch the hood. Does this happen with this stroller?
Hi I would like to know what year was this stroller manufactured and if its the model that has been recalled?
I am lookng to travel international with 3 lay overs. is it light weight and comfy for the a 1 year old ?
I have a tall child...is this the ideal stroller for us?
Has anyone used this stroller with a B-Safe car seat? I installed it as it says on the video, but it is not very tight
I have this stroller in silver and it is so dirty because when you fold it the wheels touch the canopy. You can't take it apart to wash it, does anyone have any recommendations?
I received the britax b-nimble as a baby gift and one of the front tires (that comes seperately). Is it is possible to get a replacement tire?
Does anybody know if the Britax b-safe car sea fits with this stroller? I dont know it they fit together!
Can this rear or front face?
Anybody know if there are any adapters for safety 1st 35 infant car seat? Thanks!
What is the size? And is there elastic around the bottom?
Will this fit on a graco pack n play that is 38" x 38"?
would this work in preventing my two year old to throw anything in the pack and play when the baby is in it?
would this work on the citi mini GT?
does it fit to phil and teds?
Is it going to be fit on Britax B agile3 or b agile travel system??
will this net fit a baby trend jogging stroller?
It looks like there is an opening on the front to be able to reach in - can anyone verify that for me?
Will this bug net fit, non-jeep brand jogging strollers? I have a graco jogging stroller picked out, but I dodn't like any of the jeep ones. Graco doesnt offer something like this.
is it designed to fit on any stroller brand ?
Will this fit a BOB jogging stroller?
Does the baby have to suckle this spout like a bottle, or does the water flow without actual suction?
Does it have the ounces measurement lines on the side of the cup?
I might be missing something but it looks like a cu I bought does not have a hole in a spout. Is it a design or I got a lemon? Please help
There is no flow from the spout, even though there is a slit. Is it a defective spout?
Are these dishwasher safe?
is this microwave safe ?
How do I install the "plate like thing" under the nipple? Hellpppppp
Does this bottle has measurement on the outside of the bottle?
Is this the same as Nuk Active?
Other than being able to hold a bigger volume, what else makes this cup for a 12+ month? Does the nipple have a faster flow?
Is this bottle microwave safe?
Is there scale on the cup? Dose water or milk leak when the cup is upside down?
Where can I find the replacement cap/ cover for the cup? I am only looking for answers from those who know where I can find it or know if you can even buy it separate.
Where can I find the replacement cap/ cover for the cup?
does the clip come off? can i use it without the clip or does it have to be attached to it always?
How is the flow from this bottle? I found it way too slow as compared to Munchkin.
What makes this cup 12+ months? Does it have a faster flow?
Is this toddler or junior size? The headline and the item description vary.
Do you sell a pillow protector for this pillow? Does the pillow need one?
What is PLA filling?. Is it polyester
Does this mattress have coils or is it foam only?
Does this mattress fit a todler bed
What are the measurements of the mattress?
What gauge is this mattress?
What is the actual shipping weight? Is 12lbs correct ? Sounds very heavy....the Safety 1st mattress is only around 7 lbs......
Does this require a waterproof mattress pad or will it be okay without one?
does it come packed in cardboard or is it shipped in only plastic?
Does this mattress have all the qualifications and flame retardant etc parents want to no.
size?
what size mattress will i need for this crib? will the 52 x 27.5 x 5.5 inche mattress fit on this crib without having a gap? Will this work Safety 1st Heavenly Dreams White Crib Mattress
Is the mattress adjustable?
Is this a mini crib or regular size? Looks small in the photo
What are the dimensions of the dresser?
Where do you purchase the crib conversion rail?
do the screw holes on both pieces have caps to hide the screws
Does it fit mattress skirt?
What is the height of the crib from ground?
Hi is the changing table on this a standard size that fits standard changing pads? And is the crib also a standard size? thanks!
Can I remove one side of the bed for to have a toddler day bed?
Can you expand the size of this sleeper ?
Where can I get sheets for this product?
Until what age of baby can this be used, and will it fit in a queen sized bed with both parents?
Comes with carry bag ?
is the bottom firm enough if you pick it up to move it with the baby inside.
what is the mattress made of? is it PVC? also, what are the dimensions of the mattress (length and width)? thanks!
is this for the bed
Is the whole sleeper washable?
Can you take this on a plane as a carry on?
Does this product have a label stating: THE ARTICLE MEETS ALL FLAMMABILITY REQUIREMENTS OF CALIFORNIA BUREAU OF HOME FURNISHINGS BULLETINS 116 AND 117
It,s fine for the summer?
How well does the waist/hip strap transfer the weight? Any 6-foot or larger men have an opinion on how well the weight transfer works to your hips?
Does it come with a sun cover?
Any thoughts on the Miracle vs the One?
Our baby is short (2nd percentile, 24") but almost 7mo. We want her facing out, but our current carrier seems too tall. Will this work better for her?
Does this model have a pocket or place for phone/keys like the original ergo?
Can u sit with the baby facing out in this carrier? Is it a good choice for long air travel?
You send the product to Israel? There is an additional shipping and if so how much extra Thanks
Hello I wanted to know what the weight of the package What dimensions of the shipping box
How do you tuck the straps in so they aren't just hanging there?
Can you use Avent bottles in this sterilizer?
Does it hold the Dr Brown's Wide Neck bottle and parts as well?
The button doesnt stayed after a few seconds it turns off. If the sterilizer damage? Can it be fix? Ist worth it fix it?
Will Tommee Tippee bottles fit inside this dr brown sterilizer?
product dimensions
Can it be used for Dr Brown's glass bottles?
Does this make odor?
Does this make odor like different brand?
Do Dr. Browns 4 oz. glass bottles fit in here? what about the 8 oz. glass bottles?
Do Dr. Browns 4 oz. glass bottles fit in here? what about the 8 oz. glass bottles?
Does this diaper come with any inserts or do they need to be purchased separate?
Can you use Flip inserts or other snap-in inserts, or Best Bottom brand only?
I am a first time mom due in April. I'd like to go for these, how many shells and how many and what kind of inserts would you recommend for my stash?
any idea if these will work on dogs with no tails? looking for a solution for my incontinent senior dog. thanks.
Does this leak?
What do you do about the awful smell that the diapers have after using? I have washed them &amp; rinsed them thoroughly (15 rinse cycles) &amp; odor problems
This may be a ridiculous question, but does this camera come with the power cord? I just don't see it listed in the product details, want to confirm.
When you use two cameras, can you hear audio from both?
my moniter has the talk back feature, does any one know if this extra camera has that feature as well and will be compatible with my existing moniter?
The description says LED light allows you to see in a darkened nursery. Does this mean it shines a light on the baby when I want to check the monitor at night?
Does this work with the Summer infant baby touch plus model no 28520?
If I have 2 of these cameras in the same room (shared baby room), will they interfere with each other? Will there be feedback from the noise?
If background noises in rooms are different (one w/ white noise machine, one w/o), does the autoscan's changing rooms make sleeping difficult?
Does this extra camera work with Model # 28683A
is this compatible with the baby touch 2004 model?
Has anyone difficulties to install the camera? I recently bought it and after following the instructions nothing happens
is the closet com with set
Would it fit room 140*70?
Would it fit room 140*70?
Would this fitted sheet fit a mattress size of 131cm x 76cm wide or its too short?
Hello, I need to know if the whole set comes in a single package or shipped to me in some packages
Can you tell me the exactly colores?
I want to buy this, but I'm pretty sure my 11 month old will just untie it. Has anyone experienced that?
Will this work on a crib rail that is curved? I have a dream on me violet that curves up and down
If you put these on won't they still be able to get teeth marks through the fleece? or is the padding enough?
Baby flips cover to the exposed bottom gap in between each string area and still chews the crib. Any one else experience this? Any ideas how to fix?
Will this work for a crib that has curved sides?
Is it machine washable and dryable?
Are these fire retardant?
Has anyone used these narrow crib wraps with Stork Craft Tuscany 4-in-1 cribs? Do they fit?
I have a standard size crib 52x28, i will like to know if this "COVER" will fit??
Does anybody know if the waterproof backside of the cover is BPA, PVC, and phthalate free?
how many flys come when you order? is it 10 in a pack or just one sticker
My toilet is shaped in such a way that the sticker would have to be underwater to be effective. Will they stick underwater and stay there?
Does this come with 10 of the fly stickers?
Would it work on ergo baby carrier
Would this work with a Moby Wrap?
What are those snaps for on the bottom corners of the cover?
what type of material is it?
Is this product water-repellant?
Does this work with the Lillebaby complete?
Would it fit on a mei Tai?
Can this be use during winter?
Would this work with a Tula?
Has anyone tried this with the Infantino Breathe carrier? Does it fit well over it?
Does this fit Costco carts?
hows the padding?
Does it come with a seat belt?
I will probably wash this often. Will this rip?
Does this pattern work for boys?
Does it fit two children in the large carts, like the Itsy Ritsy?
has anybody tried putting his in the dryer?
My baby is almost 3 months and can almost sit up by herself, will this hold her up in the cart?
Does this print look too girl for a baby boy?
Is this cover suitable for a boy? I notice the picture shows both boy and girl using it but most reviews claim it was used for girls. Just making sure
is it washable?
Can you breastfeed in this particular Mei Tai?
How small a baby can use this?
How long is the waste strap - they look way too short for a plus-size mom to wrap around and have enough room to tie behind your back.
Up until how many pounds or what age can you use this carrier?
Can this be worn both forward and on adult's back?
The product information say item made in USA but why are numerous customers review saying made in China? Is this product really made in China?
Any other large-breasted mamas have trouble with the way this carrier fits? My baby's head is cradled in the corner of the shoulder strap!
Can you use it for a newborn?
Does the fabric cut into baby's leg? I notice my baby's thigh and calf has red marks, but not sure if it is related to this carrier.
This looks hard to breastfeed in?
Is the fabric like a t-shirt kind of fabric or does it have spandex in it so it keeps its shape?
ordering for my friends shower and she is a larger person size 22, will this carrier fit her?
what is the weight limit for this wrap?
I'm looking for a hip carrier. My daughter is 16 months and no longer happy in the baby bjorn. Will she be comfy? Does anyone use this with their toddler
I realize front facing is not provided as an option, but has anyone tried using this carrier with the baby facing out?
I live in Arizona and am wondering how breathable this is?
I am trying to decide between this carrier, the JJ Cole wrap, and the K'tan. I basically want it for the newborn stage. Anyone know which would be best?
hey.im just wondering can you ship this item(Quinny 2011 Buzz Stroller with Dreami Bassinet and Mico Carseat ) to china? and how much it cost? thanks.
Hello, is the base of the carseat included in this pack?
The car seat &amp; the stroller is from two different companies. The car seat black does not appear to match the stroller color black. Are they the same?
Hello, I am traveling to Houston and I&acute;d like to know how long it takes to arrived there? Can you put the three products (stroller, car seat and bassinet) in a single box? If yes, I need the box does not exceed the limit of the United (62 linear...
Does anyone know i the mounting kit- to place the car seat onto the stroller- comes with this set?
A doubt. Here's a combo with 4 pieces, right? All these pieces comes in separate containers or in a single package? If they come in a single package,
Do you have measurements
What is the weight?
The comforter is realllllly thin. Does it fluff up when washed ?
Is the material flame retardant?
What are the sheets made of?
Does it get too hot?
is it crib sized
Does this fit a Twin Bed? if no, Do you have the same in Twin Size that I can order?
will it fit a mini crib?
Will the fitted sheet in this set fit a standard crib mattress
Is thisset made in China?
what are the sheet and comforter sizes?
Is the blanket warm?
can i use this as a crib bedding ?
What did you use for curtains?
is it a full size?
what is the size of sheet and blanket?
Does this fit a twin size matress? Or is it for crib matress only?
what is the extra pillow shown in the pic?
The size is for single bed or cot?
When washing the car seat, can i remove the whole cover? i accidentaly misplaced the manual.
Are cup holders included?
exiration date
will it fit rear-facing in a Subaru forester?
what type of latch system does this seat have?
Will it fit in the 2nd row of a Volvo xc90 without the front seats being in the windshield???
Is this car seat FAA approved for air travel?
it does not say if it can be used forward facing. Can it?
Does this come with a booster seat?
Can you gate check the car seat attached to the cart?
Does this work with Britax infant car seats? I have the Britax B-safe infant car seat. *Additional Note: I plan to also use the carseat base.
Could i bring a Britax Marathon convertible car seat to fit down an 777 airline seat of economic class, If I buy a seat for a kid ?
Does this work with the Marathon 70 GE seat?
I have a Britax Boulevard 70, would it fit down the aisles of a 767 with the car seat on it? Thanks!
Can you use any convertible car seat with this? Like the Cosco Scenera?
Does a Diono Radian R120 fit well with this?
Has anyone tried this with the Chicco NextFit convertible carseat. The base of the car seat is pretty wide. It does have LATCH system.
May i please know if you need to have anything other than lower anchors to affix the seat to the cart? do you need the top tether?
Does this work with the Britax Frontier 90? If so, how does it attach if the Frontier does not have the Latch System?
Is this the model from 2014?
Is it covered under warranty if we purchase from here.
Which model is this?
Is it covered under warranty if we purchase from here.
I'm looking for a glider that provides decent support while breastfeeding. Does this glider recline so much that it is hard to breastfeed in?
Are the arm rest pads/pockets removable?
If you are sitting still in it, will it slip/slide forward and back (since there is no lock)? Or will the chair stay in place if you're siting still?
How deep is the seat and the width of the set?
How much assembly is required?
Are all of the pads removable? If so, how does it look without them?
Does this come with a foot rest or is it just the chair part?
Is there a lock to prevent it from gliding if you don't want to glide it while nursing?
My chair makes a rubbing/squeaking noise. I've tried tightening/loosening the screws and also WD-40 all the moving parts. Any ideas how to fix?
All I need is a cover for the glider. Does anyone know who might sell them?
will my graco car seat fit in this stroller?
Is the infant encloser included?
How high does the handle bar adjust to?
Is this stroller good for everyday use (going to the store)? It's the only 3-wheel that wrks with my classic connect SnugRide car seat.
is there any where i could find snack tray for baby
need the measure of the box ((height, width and depth), please
Dear, Will you be so kind and describe for me the size and dimensions of the baby&Acirc;&acute;s car that is going to be deliver to the courier. Thanks.
Does this stroller have a foot cover for colder weather?
Hi. I'm going to be a FTM and am confused on strollers. Can I place my newborn into this stroller without the compatible carseat?
can you add a toddler board?
Can this be used without the tray and just pulled up to the dining table?
Does this high chair easily move around hard woods but lock when needed?
Is this high enough to reach a pub table?
What is the maximum age/weight allowable for this chair?
how bulky these diapers are? I am looking for something not so bulky.
Your website says these are made in the USA, but it doesn't say that here. Can you confirm where these are made?
Hi! One of the reviews says these are velcro, not snaps. Can you confirm if I order this it will be snaps??
Q: Is the input 100-240v?
Can I use any bottles or I have to buy special bottles for this product
can this sterilizer wash my baby bottle ??or only for nipple and the covers?
is there a difference between this one that says bpa free and the other?
Could I use this sterlizer in Singapore which we use 220 voltage?
Is this a pressure mounted gate with rubber bumpers? I don't see the adjusting screws at the ends. Thanks.
Is this an indoor/outdoor gate or just to be used indoors?
Do you have extentions for this gate? I have an 82 inch opening.
How difficult is it to open? Ideally, I want to allow my 8-yr-old to open it but keep a puppy behind it.
Is it possible to adjust the lower width narrower than the top to accommodate for my baseboards?
What is the length of each peice of the gate?
Do the hinges adjust a full 90 degrees? In the photos it only shows the gate at a slight angle, I literally need this gate to adjust to an "L" shape. Thanks :)
can you buy extensions for this...I need for up to 118 inches
I have a 68" opening, will this gate fit straight across without bowing?
How would I mount this gate in a hallway opening with baseboards at the bottom and straight to wall at the top?
How do you convert it to a full size bed if there aren't additional pieces?
are all crib sizes the same? how will i know what size mattress to get?
Does anyone know where the toddler crib rail can be purchased?
Did anyone find out what kind of wood this crib uses?
Does it come with toddler rail?
Is this crib made of solid wood?
When converted to a toddler bed or day bed how much weight can it sustain?
what conversion kit can i buy that will fit this crib?
What is the size of mattress that fits this crib (mattress dimensions)
Do I need to order the Todler rail seperately or does it com with the crib. If seperately, where do I get it?
Will the crib fit through doorways if it needs to be moved or will it need to be reassembled?
What size mattress does this crib require?
How many mattress height options does this crib have?
Where can I get the conversion rails for a full siez bed?
Where can you get the conversion kit ?
Did you have any trouble with the mattress having extra space around it or does the mattress fit snug?
does this crib come with all the necessary pieces to convert into a toddler bed and full size bed?
What is the height of the front rail?
what kind of wood and does it have a natural finish to it?
I want to order some sets of these flamingos but I need to be sure they do come with the legs
how large are the flamingos from head to tail?
Ordered 3 sets of flamingos, are the legs being sent separately?
are the legs included?
how big are the flamingos not including the legs
are the birds flat or 3D?
Does it work with Britax Marathon?
Will it hold cups or is it too flimsy?
Does this work with Britax Frontier?
Can it be used on a rear facing car seat
i'm looking for something that will fit a stroller that has no tray, will this work? it looks like it is not as flimsy as the others i see.
does it fit graco car seat
Will this tray fit with a car seat on a typical airplane?
Is the tray sturdy to write on
Is this sturdy enough for my 4 year old to color in his coloring books on top of?
Is anyone concerned about child being cold since he or she stays low to the floor?
Does anyone know the height limit? My son is very tall(34 inches) for his age and I want to get ample use out of the product. Thanks.
How is this different from Baby Bjorn's Travel Light Crib, currently sold for $199 on Amazon? I can't find this model on Baby Bjorn's own website.
Does the mattress fit inside the travel bag?
Can this be used as a playard also?
We are expecting twins. Can this function for two? Have any moms of twins used this?
Does anyone know if this can be carried on a plane vs. having to check it in? It looks a little big as a carry on but not sure.
How steady is this? It looks like it would be fairly easy to tip over even for a 1-2 year old.
I have a question about the silver color. In some pictures I've seen it almost looks like a frosty, pale blue. Is it, or is it more grey?
Up to what age can it be used?
Is this a good substitute for a bedside bassinet when the baby first comes home?
do regular porta crib sheets fit babybjorn travel crib light 2, silver?
Does anybody use this also as a Playard? We would like to use it for this purpose too, I'm wondering if it's not too small?
Which is best - BabyBjorn or Lotus travel crib for a very tall and heavy baby?
Safety Concern? Would this have the same safety concern as the PeaPod?
Can this be used as a play yard like the pack n play?
May I know the difference between Light and Light 2?
Used for airplane travel: Does it fit inside a large suitcase or did you have to check it as a separate piece of luggage (at extra cost)?
how sturdy is it? can an angry toddler knock it over?
good for twins? up to what age/weight? thanks in advance for taking the time out to answer!!!
can she sit? or only stand?
how do you put the wig on the mannequin so it stays on
Can you position this mannequin?
What are her measurements in inches (the description does not sound like the dimensions are correct) bust, waist, and hips? Thanks!
Hello! Could any of you that purchased this mannequin please tell me, if there was or is, ANY smell of Moth Balls with this product? Thank you!!!
You said you pick a free wig at random. What if I want to choose my own?
how much with shipment to mexico city included?
What is her shoe size?
I plan to have her model different sizes, and the measurements are for an extra small. Does she look sloppy wearing medium or large?
can she be used for shoe, handbag and pants display?
Will the separate leg extension kit work on this?
Does this come with the skirt?
the top of my pillow top mattress is 32" from the floor. will this co-sleeper be able to adjust to that height?
Would this be easy to disassemble and put away for storage compared to the plastic ones?
Can this bassinet be easily unhooked from the bed and wheeled to another room during the day and then reattached to the bed at night?
Are the fabric pieces removable for washing?
does it come with mattress
is the mattress included?
how sturdy does it feel once you use the extendors?? WIth a cosleeper I had previously it had block extenders and it made it very shaky.
What is the mattress pad made of? Any harmful chemicals to be aware of?
Is this camera good for traveling as well? Will the camera be able to connect with hotel wifis? We do a lot of traveling with my child.
is this a used or new item.
How quickly does the app drain your battery when open on your phone? We just want to use it for audio monitoring.
Can you access the video feed from outside the home wifi? i.e. out of town grandparents?
will to motion/sound alert ( or app in general) still work if my phone is out of the wifi range (IE: outside)
Can this be mounted to a wall or ceiling easily?
Does this camera work on LTE too, or just Wifi?
In order to monitor does it require constant streaming? I have limited Gig's on my WiFi plan.
Does it work with Samsung S4 mini? thanks
can i use this monitor, for example if I travel can I set it up in the hotel, or at the babysitters house?
will this fit in a graco snugride 35 car seat?
I see different colors on the Amazon pics, what color do you actually end up getting, blue....grey?
Does it have two covers - a mesh part and a more solid cover to block sun (and germs)?
Sure but does it write upside down?
Can this be used in the car?
Would this fit the Orbit G2 Baby Car Seat, Toddler Car Seat, and Toddler Stroller Seat?
I just bought this and it fits my Graco careseat, but it seems to conflict with the canopy that comes on my carseat. What did you all do with the canopy that comes attached to the carseat?
I live in Hawaii. Will it be too hot for baby?
Does anyone know if this will fit the Uppababy Vista Bassinet?
How well does this work in winter time? I'm comparing the BRICA with Jolly Jumper we've used previously
I have a Drive Nitro Walker with a flat tubular type frame. Will this work on my walker? http://www.amazon.com/Drive-Medical-N...
How wide is the strap?
Will a 32 oz wide mouth Nalgene bottle fit in this
Can this hold a large soda from a fast food place?
Can this attach to a convertible car seat?
can this hold a standard coffee cup (with a handle) securely?
Does this only dispense formula or does it do the water too?
Does this work on 230v 50hz?
does it mix the formula
is this item BPA free?
is it portable? can we carry it around in the diaper bag?
Does this take batteries?
does it warm up jars of food? or just bottles
How about steel bottles? we have the Pura Kiki
is this compatible with 220 Voltage?
Is this compatible with Joovy PPSU Boob Bottles?
The knob on our kiinde warmer is broken. Does anybody know where to get a replacement knob? Thanks.
Will a standard grocery store plastic honey bear fit? And will it heat it up properly? I'm looking for an easy way to warm up some honey.
Do OXO Tot Baby Freezer Blocks fit in this, and is it safe?
Does this work with glass bottles as well as plastic?
At what age/weight did you stop using the carrier?
Can this carrier be used to carry baby on your hip?
What are the minimum and maximum weights on this carrier?
My baby is 5 months old and she weighs around 13lbs. Do I need to buy an infant insert to use this carrier?
How does it fit on tall plus size moms?
How long is the hip belt on this carrier? Is it longer than the Ergo?
Does the Pognae Baby Carrier come with the Pognae infant insert or does the insert have to be purchased separately?
Can you criss cross the straps of the carrier to make it fit a very slim and petite 4'10" adult carrier?
Is this stroller decent for long walks on pavement? It looks great for mall trips and such, but is it rugged enough for daily walks?
Can an older child still sit in the rear seat when an infant car seat is on the front? If so, is it reasonably comfortable for them?
Has anyone found a PADDED travel bag that fits this stroller? I know the gate check bag works but I want something padded.
What travel bags do you guys use for this stroller? It's a big longer than most single umbrella stroller.
Does anyone use any kind of parent organizer with this stroller? Not sure if the handlebars will fit one?
Is this stroller suitable for an infant to sleep in the back seat? How well does it recline?
If I order this now, is the stock from the new, updated version of the HOP?
It looks like the canopy only covers the rear seat when it's fully reclined, is this the case? Can't seem to find a pic of canopy with both seats upright?
Is this compatible with the Graco Snugride Infant Car Seat, Platinum? Here's the model: http://www.amazon.com/Graco-Snugride-...
Do the wipes hang out of the dispenser (like in the picture) or is there a cover over it you can open and close? How do they not dry out if there is no cover?
how do i choose a lavender one?
How big is it ? what the size of the dispenser
will the wipes get dry out?
I plan on using cloth diapers (Econobum brand). Will most cloth diapers fit inside?
Is the size large enough for adult depends + flushable wet wipes?
can someone post a picture of other side and inside. does it have bottle holders on outside
Is this designed to be hung over a stroller?
whats the size of this bag?
What are the bag dimensions?
What is the amount of space between the floor and the bottom of the gate when this is installed? Does the bottom edge push/bend upwards if forced?
how much does it extend? i need 70"!!!
I have a special need son, we need to keep him out of the kitchen when we cook, wondering if these gates would hold up?
We would like to mount this to a wall divider that is only 34" tall. Will this be too tall (the dimensions say 40.5")?
Will need to move next year - Has anyone tried (successfully/unsuccessfully) uninstalling it and reinstalling it elsewhere afterwards? Thanks again
I'm seeing some feedback about the fabric fraying after only a few months of use? Could users please tell me whether this really is the case? TIA!
I need it to be easy to open and close because I will use it to keep the dogs out of my elderly mother's room. She can't operate a lock.
Does this gate have a manual open and close (one that does not use the lock). I just want it to be able to open and close manually.
Will the mesh rip if a dog or cat has a go at it?
How wide can it be extended out, unfortunately I have a very wide opening I need to block off.
Does each tube contain 3 oz or 1 oz?
Will this particular tube have the consistency of a cream/moisturizer or will it be liquid as the last one I got from Amazon about a month ago?
Is thinkbaby sunscreen hypoallergenic?
is this same as the one that comes with purple and yellow stripes and yes LIVESTrong ? I ordered that one and this is the one i got.
So, this is very unclear to me -- do you actually receive 3 tubes or just 1, 3 oz. tube? Thanks
What is the expiration date if I ordered today?
can this be used on 9 month old baby
Is this product greasy like the Honest sunscreen??
The picture shows 3 tubes in this product. Do you get 3 tubes or just 2? or only 1? it isn't clear from the description.
would you recommend this for the bugaboo bee and is it better than the cocoon?
will the bugaboo footmuff fit in a BOB stroller?
can you fold up your Bee with this on it?
suit this footmuff for bee?not too big?
can i'm use this on spring ande summer?
Is the footmuff machine washable?
does this walker go side-ways as well as forward and backwards?
Do the playthings come off the tray so you can put other toys on it?
good on carpet?
Do the plastic stoppers come off the bottom? will not roll on my carpet.
How do you "fold this in a snap"?
I would love to know if this walker works well on rugs? i have rugs in my living area and rooms, but its not that fluffy rug.
With a child in it, and it in the lowest postion, how far from the floor to the bottom of the seat?
Do all wheels move 360 degrees or its only back and forth motion?
How do you make the music play? I'm afraid mine is defective as I've pushed all the buttons and no sound, but has flashing lights. :(
from what age can you use this walker ?
Is it good for babies on the small side. I have one she can't even reach the floor in.
Is the box sturdy enough for a person to sit on?
what are the dimensions?
Can the lid open part way &amp; stay open?
Are the hinges safety hinges or a slow close hinge so the top can't slam down?
how big is it?
What are the measurements?
what is the recommended age range for this toy chest? i'm looking for my 2 year old neice and want to make sure she can use it for years.
Is the back a solid piece or just cardboard? Thinking of using for a coffee table/ toy chest hybrid
what is the material of construction
Is this black or just dark brown? Never heard of "Jamocha" before
does the ash grey color match the new MARK II stroller's silver color?
Does anyone know if this will work on a Quinny Yezz?
Does this work on the quest? If so, does it provide additional coverage to the canopy that already exists on the Quest stroller?
I want to know until which weight this stroller is for?
Does this work if you don't have the original shade on the stroller?
How small does this sunshade fold down? Is the shade portable and easy to fold up?
is the material soft and all wrinkled? I got mine yesterday and it has nothing to do with the photo they advertise.
Can you fold the stroller with this still on?
What are the folded dimensions of this stroller?
Does this sun shade have to attach over the canopy or can I use it without the canopy.
How can I get full size conversion rails for this crib?
What size mattress fits this crib?
Can you convert this crib into a no-side-rails toddler bed (only headboard + footboard)?
What type of wood is the crib made from?
which is the size of the box where this crib comes (packaging)? I need to know to be sent to another country.
Does this order come with a mattress?
How far apart are the crib slats?
Where can you buy the metal frame and in what dimensions? I tried to look it up here in Amazon but didn't find it.
Is the mattress height adjustable? If not, does anyone know the depth from the top to the mattress. I am worried about being able to reach.
is this made out of solid wood?
How this comes? In a box ? What is the dimension of it?
Is the set pink and brown with some black? Does anyone one have the lamp and mobile? Wondering I they r a good match to the crib set
I was wondering what all comes with this set, because the discription doesnt say?
What does the outside of the bumper look like? the part that everyone sees when they enter the room?
Where can I find the zebra print/pink elephant border I see in this picture?
Do you still include the bumper if your shipping to Maryland?
What is the e-mail we use for the embroidery? Is there any way we could order two extra window valances?
is this farm appropriate for a 1.5 year old? any pieces small enough to be a chocking hazard? thank you!
Is this made in China?
what are the dimensions of the barn?
Is the barn made from cardboard? How does it hold up during play?
Adding the 2nd camera to your monitor system, how do you know which child is crying, making noise, etc.? Do both cameras show on the monitor at the same time?
Just double checking....this won't work with the Summer Infant 02000 right?!
Is this compatible with 28680?
is this compatible with the 02644
is this camera compatible with summer infant bestview model 28280?
can this 2.4ghz camera system be used with another? I have the camera's, but the monitor isn't working.
can you hear both babies at the same time while on the split screen
Is the sound only on when the baby is crying?
I need a replacement battery for this monitor ASAP!! I am having a VERY hard time finding one... Any suggestions?
Is it possible with this monitor (Summer Infant Sleek and Secure) to zoom and pan the image, move the camera upwards, downwards and to the sides?
I got one of this as a present. Brand new. When I opened the box one of theAC adapters was broken, it never worked. Where can I buy a new one?
DO U NEED INTERNET/WIFI FOR THIS?
when you incert the batteries, do you take off the green wraping on them?
Hi How many pieces you have in that item?
Can I attach an extra parent unit to it?
I want to be able to monitor from inside a metal building some 700 - 800 feet away. Will this work?
Can both units operate on either battery or power by AC Adapter?
Is this monitor wall mountable?
does the vib on this monitor work?
Can you hook multiple cameras up to one parent unit?
Does this monitor have an option where it is completely silent (also a darkened screen) until activated by noise?
do you need wi-fi to operate this unit?
Why does it make a beeping noise and how do I turn off the noise?
is the picture color during the day?
How many cameras can you add per system?
Does this product allow you to take a picture?
What kind of security must be used with this system and/or the wifi so that others outside or elsewhere cannot also be "monitoring" the baby?
This system does have "stand by mode" why do you say differently?
Will the system support additional cameras? I have two children and would like to be able to switch from one room to another with ease.
It has A / C Adapter: 1 A 6 V DC or rechargeable battery is only
What all is included in this package?
Does it or does it not come with the bumper?
Is the green in this set a very bright, lime green?
Where do I find the tree with birds wall decal?
What are the dimensions of this pillow?
can the actual pillow be washed? the description just mentions the outer case.
Can anyone tell me if this pillow is made in China? If not, where it is manufactured?
Does it come with a pillow cover/case already? or do I buy the case separate?
Since washing is risky, can a dryer steam cycle be used instead?
What is that weird smell coming from our brand new pillow? I can't tell if it's chemical or animal.
Can anyone tell me if your pillow also has round black/gray random spots on 1 or both sides?
What would be the pros and cons of getting the wool fill versus the cotton fill? Trying to figure out which to get. Thanks
is this dishwash safe?
Where is this made?
What are the dimensions? I'm curious as to how much room it will take up in the diaper bag. Thanks
Is this BPA free?
There is another Piyo Piyo dispenser that holds 3 feedings, does anyone know if the bottom compartments of that bunch will stack with these? Thanks!
how many ounce does each hold?
Is it BPA free? I just bought one but can't find anywhere says that it is BPA free. so I assume it's not?!
Is all the caps yellow or one of them is pink?
Did the packaging mention anything about whether this is BPA and/or phthalate free?
how much powder can you fit in these containers? need to be able to do at least 6oz bottles
Is this product BPA free?
is dishwasher safe?
can you break apart the set and only use 1 or 2 at a time? Do they all have lids?
How many scoops of formula will fit into each section?
how many pound the baby has to be?
How should we clean the fabric seat when accidents (I.e. dark poop stains) happen?
Is this actually a pink/grey or is it lavendar/tan like one reviewer said?
How many pounds does the bouncer weigh once it is put together? 1 lbs can't be right when most other similar products weigh 5-10 lbs.
Does this come in separate parts so it fits a travel case? Is it easy to assemble?
How sturdy is it? Will my baby weigh it down before 20 pounds?
does it play music?
How many month baby is this for?
Is the vibration feature on a timer or will it vibrate until I manually turn it off?
Can my 4 month baby use it?
airplane
We lost the portable ring. Can we buy just the portable ring?
Does the seat work on most public toilets?
Does anyone know of a toilet cover that can be used on a home toilet and on the go?
Can you monitor SOUND from two cameras at the SAME TIME? Or do you have to switch back and forth?
Can I use this camera with the iOS app WITHOUT having an existing monitor?
When it will be in stock again?
Does this work with the Motorola MBP33?
Will the mbp36s work with the mbp36 camera?
If I lost my camera, can I buy a new camera to work with my monitor?
Does this work with the mbp36?
Has anyone used this wih the MBP43 model from toys r us? They said this was the one to buy
Does this camera pan/tilt like the main one for the mbp36?
Hi! Just wanting to double check that this camer works with the MBP33PU model. We bought ours 2 years ago &amp; would like to add another camera.
what is the difference between the snug a bunny RNP and the original? just cuteness, or is there benefits to it's functionality?
What is the recommended age you can use this until?
Does this have vibration?
Any advice for transitioning to the crib from the RNP Sleeper?
Can you strap the baby in for safety?
How big is the RnP when disassembled? (I want to take it apart and put it in a suitcase for travel) Thanks!
How long does the battery last for? Does it shut off automatically or will it stay on all night?
Battery
Battery
We're having a problem with assembly. No matter which hub I use, the base doesn't seem to fit in. I could try to really force it--is that normal?
Does it really require a Battery? The product description shows that no batteries are required. I'm litte confused,
what size batteries?
The space in the middle is not wide enough to fit over the sink divide. Is this baby tub still easy to use in the adult tub or should I return for a sink tub?
How many batteries? Bought this for a shower and would like to include batteries.
What is the difference between standard and frustration-free packaging?
hi, can I use this item to bathe a newborn? or is this for older babies?
How long use to baby?
How old to use?
How old to use?
How old to use?
what's the height recommended for this car seat
Can you easily recline the seat when front facing when the child falls asleep?
hi i ordered this at the beginging of the year mine did not come with the harness padsliek it says is there a way i could get those
What is the most that this seat can recline to when rear facing? eg. 45 degrees...
Is this easy to push on the beach?
does it take 2 car seats?
Does the bassinet come with a raincover?
Is there a trick to closing (lowering) the sun canopy? I can't figure out how to do it.
Does the carrycot have the option to change to regular seat?
Do I need to purchase extra hardware (adaptor) with this bassinet in order for it to fit onto my MB Duet?
You can put two bassinets on it? Can you use two car seats?
does it come with the side thing for the baby or do you buy it separtley
does the seat sit at a 90 degree incline? or is child leaning a bit back/slouching thanks
Does it tip over when baby pulls himself up?
The picture indicates a French language option. Does this one come with the French option?
How many tunes does the Bright Starts Having a Ball Activity Table play?
What age range is this activity table recommended for? Is it too young for my 2-1/2 yr old?
Does it come with the balls?
How does this compare to the Leapfrog Learn and Groove Musical Table and/or the Laugh &amp; Learn Puppy &amp; Friends Learning Table?
what if you don't want the Spanish to be an option, can you turn it off?
can you turn off the spanish
Does this one include French as a language option?
What is the age range for this toy? 9 months to ??????
Does this stroller fold and unfold with one hand? Also, does it stand up on its own after it's folded?. Lastly, is the basket underneath sturdy?
Can you take a walk outside with it? I know it's great for malls &amp; travelling but can you walk around the block with it until baby fits a reg stroller
Do you use it for longer walks? Would it be sufficient for somebody who intends on taking long walks with the baby?
Since there is no sun shade, what do you do to block out sun? Any recommended products that fit well over car seat?
Is this a good urban stroller? Anybody able to compare it to the City Mini GT?
Are there rain cover accessories you can purchase alongside this frame?
What is the package size for the Chicco Keyfit 30 Infant Car Seat $199.99 and Chicco Keyfit Caddy Stroller Frame $99.99?
How high does the handlebar go up to? Could you measure from floor to its highest position? I'm tall and I don't want to hunch over. Thank you
Can this be easily checked-in as luggage when traveling by plane? Any tips?
Can you rock the baby to sleep in this effectively?
I would like to know if anyone has compared the Combi walker vs this Ferrari one? I like the fact that the Combi has a tray, any thoughts?
Do the front wheels swivel?
Just bought this for my daughter who is 8mos and 20+lbs (not fat, just big and long). Anyway, what's the max suggested weight?
What size batteries does it take?
The rubber around the back wheels fell off after 1.5 months. It still works, but it is harder to move and makes more noise. Can I get replacements?
Can you ship in Canada for me please. Thank you
Does this work on Carpet?
does it work on carpeting
What's the appropriate age range for this?
how do i get his b-day number sticker on the car instead of some random number from the factory.
Can this be safely used for an 8 month old?
Can i fit this into a pack n play?
Is the filling free from flame retardant chemicals?
does this conform to the child in it while keeping their head/back elevated? I am looking for something to reproduce the toddler rocker (fisher price) that my 26lb 33" 1 yr old sleeps in now but is outgrowing.
Can you sit up in it as well as recline?
My son is 5, about 46 lbs and is about 44 in. Will he fit in this?
Is the cover on this waterproof? If not is the pillow itself washable?
My son is 18 months 35 inches and 27 lbs would this be a good recline and size for him to drink his night time bottle in? Or next size up?
My daughter is 4 mos but just now 11 pounds, would you recommend I go straight for this larger pillow or the infant one?
Is it big enough for a 7-8 year old kid?
Where is the sizing chart? How do I know if I need Small or Large? It is based on age by month?
Is it messy?
Can this only be used with frozen foods? Can you use this with fresh food as well?
What's it for (I know it's a feeder but how does it work?)
Can I buy a small size and then some large replacement sacs and just insert them into the same holder as baby grows? Like buying nipples and bottles.
Where is the product made?
Which country is this product made in?
Can you use the small or large Bag with either small or large Feeder? Bag size choice dependent on child vs type of food putting in it, or both?
Does this work well for teething relief like the mesh bags do (ie putting frozen grapes/frozen breast milk etc in it) or more for literally feeding?
When did you start using this for your baby?
What size is good for 6 months old baby? small or large?
What are the foods that can be put in this?
Can someone tell me where this product is manufactured? I cant seem to find it in the description or in any of the reviews. Thank you!
Does this come with Chain to attach it?
How well do the sacks hold up? Are they something that need to be replaced every use?
I bought a large but want to try the small mesh replacement in it - are they interchangeable or do I have to buy the whole small unit?
Does this have a turn and twist function that parents can do to keep moving the food towards the bottom?
Does this work well for teething relief like the mesh bags do (ie putting frozen grapes/frozen breast milk etc in it) or more for literally feeding?
If I put a large replacement sack on it, can I still use the cover?
Has anyone tried this and the mesh One? Which is better?
is it sterilizer safe?
is it good for 1 year old baby?
My baby is 3 months old , can she use it? Thank you.
How many pieces,may i know pls
What grade of silicone?
where is this made?
Does this item need to be boiled before first time use?
Can this be frozen?
Do you think a 2 year old would comprehend this?
Can you turn off the nightlight feature?
Description says there is an internal battery that saves setting but several reviews say there isn't - which is it?
Where is this product made?
the baby carrier includes protector for sun? covered up or wearing?
Does it come with the base?
What is expiration date?
The company I purchased this carseat didn't bother to send the instruction manual along with the seat. Can anyone tell me how you tether the base?
is this car seat come with a canopy same as micro AP? because is does not show on the picture.
does this carseat come with the thing to cover from the sun
So does this come with the base?? Some reviews indicated it did but it certainly doesn't by product description. Need to know ASAP
Will it fit the Graco Snugride 35?
can the attached blanket be zipped away or does it just sort of hang out? what if i don't want the blanket out?
until what age does it last? is it 6 months ?
Is this cover appropriate for a 8 month old baby?
curious to know if the Jolly Jumper Arctic Sneak A Peek Infant Car Seat Cover is good for snowy weather ?
I have a Britax B-agile car seat will jolly humper arctic fit?
Will it fit the Britax B- Safe?
will this fit the nuna pipa car seat?
Can this cover fit the "Graco SnugRide Click Connect 35 Infant Car Seat - Echo"?
will it fit baby trend car seat
What is the difference between I and II versions? What is the difference in features between these 2 versions?
is this used by seatbelt? if some car does not have LATCH, is this seat used by Seatbelt?
is this carseat FAA approved? is this carseat FAA approved?
We have a 2012 Jeep Patriot and I'm wondering if the angle of this seat will work for rear facing?
how this performs on an airplane?
is it possible to fit an adult between or besides 2 radians in a camry (or similar sized car?)
Can you install this without using the LATCH system?
will this seat fit three across in a standard car seat like the rxt?
What are the differences between this and the Diono Radian RXT?
is this machine washable? (the cover)
What year was this seat manufactured?
Are the cup holders removable?
Does this seat work well for a suburban bench seat and bucket seat? Can anyone answer this? Thanks
We have a 2012 Jeep Patriot and I'm wondering if the angle of this seat will work for rear facing?
how this performs on an airplane?
is it possible to fit an adult between or besides 2 radians in a camry (or similar sized car?)
Can you install this without using the LATCH system?
will this seat fit three across in a standard car seat like the rxt?
What are the differences between this and the Diono Radian RXT?
How does this compare size wise to the Britax Marathon? Our 6 year old daughter is finally getting too big for her Britax seat. Hers is the older model obviously that sits higher up then the newer models. I am just looking for size comparisons as we...
Does the cover remove all the way so it is machine washable?
sleep
Fit three across? Will this fit as the third one across with the other two?
Will it fit 3 across a midsize car seat?
Will this seat fit in a Honda Fit?
How many inches is it in rear facing mode?
I'm interested in the Spring color, but it says it's discontinued by the manufacturer. Why? When does this seat expire?
Can you fit one in the middle and one in the side in a Honda CRV?
Can you rear-face this car seat in a small car (Mazda 3 Hatchback)? And can you have 2 of these in a small car, one in the middle and one on the side?
We love the Spring print but I am concerned how easy it is to keep it clean. Can the cover be taken off&amp; washed? Is the material water/dirt repellent?
I need to fit an infant, a toddler (age 2.5) and a kid (age 5.5) in a booster seat all in a Nissan Altima. Will these all fit? What about in a Rogue?
Does it have arm rests?
isofix system or belt system? or both of them?
will it fit rear-facing in a subaru forester?
Has anyone used this car seat in a Honda Fit? We have a Honda Fit and wanted to know if it was possible to fit this car seat in the car (rear-facing).
Most car seats are only good for 5 years from the Manufacturing date... How long does it take this seat to expire?
fabric
How long can your kids last in this before they are too tall? I heard that it doesn't work well for a booster?
Hi! My 1 yr old cries in the car, as did my older son in the same car seat. Wondering if the crying would stop or ease up in a new one. Any expierence
How does one install the cup holder? The best I can figure is that I have to cut a hole in the fabric to get access to the receptacle on the arm?
I am purchasing for my 5 year old granddaughter who is on the tall side. When using as a booster, is there a way to control the seat belt shoulderstrap (so it does not cut across the body in the wrong place)?
We have two cars we use regularly, how hard is it to switch from one car to the other? Is it hard to install? Quick? Etc.
Can I put one, rear-facing, in a captain's chair of my suv?
Does anybody else have problems tightening the straps, it seems almost impossible?
Would either three of these seats or two of them plus an infant seat fit into a Chevy Equinox backseat?
Can someone please clarify for me the exact dimensions of this seat? I need to know the width of the base and the seat (at their widest point).
What are the height of the armrests? (I'm having to fit it next to a Britax Roundabout, and I need to know if the armrests will snug or not)
Is the material on the Stone or Shadow better for warm weather? We live in south Texas and have long summers...
Diono Radian - does it fit well in the backseat of a car? Anyone with experience here?
We have a small 2-door coupe (2006 Tiburon) is this likely to fit? (We don't care about passenger space in front)
I am trying to decide between the Diono RadianR100 or the Diono Radian RXT...Which one is more comfortable???
so does it have to be installed with the latch system? i need to get 3 in the back of the van but i dont have the latch system plus i need to move alo
How heavy is this car seat?
Has anyone installed this seat in crv?
Will Diono RXT fit in Mini Cooper Countryman S? Rear/forward facing?
Are the colors in nylon easier to clean than the ones in micro-suede? If so, do you know which colors are in the nylon fabric?
Does/did anyone have trouble with the buckle? it is very hard to buckle and unbuckle i have to press down extremley hard. sounds like rusty inside
Anyone used this for the smaller size baby that's less than 20 pounds? Does the seat bottom need to be tilted?
It looks like the car seat is tilted up somehow to accommodate a rear-facing baby. How does the seat tilt for a baby?
Has anyone used multiple of these in their seat? I am looking to fit two with an infant carrier in between.
Does it fit into the trunk of BMW Z3?
My car does not have come with the latch system. It has two 3-point seat belts for the sides &amp; a 2-point seat belt for the center. Can this be used
Will three of these fit in the back of an Acura RDX?
Will this fit in a Mini Cooper Countryman?
What are the dimensions of the seat when unfolded? The dimensions as given are 10 x 17 x 28.5 inches. 10inches!?
Has anyone traveled (via air) with this? Do those backpack straps (pictured in their ads) come with it? How comfy is it to BP thru an airport?
how is the seat fabric? we have a britax, and my son sweats so much when in it.
which car seat is better, the radian ext or the britax?
Are the head wings removable?
Does this have a booster seat that detaches? We are looking to get this for our 3 year old and would like it to last through the booster stage.
Difference between RXT and 120 aside from the wings?
Does this seat take up alot of room rear-facing? Compared to an infant carrier carseat is it the same or does it come even closer to the front seats?
Does this seat recline when facing forward so child can sleep without head dangling down?
does it contains a label indicating that it meets the flammability requirements of CA TB 117?
We have a 2012 Jeep Patriot and I'm wondering if the angle of this seat will work for rear facing?
how this performs on an airplane?
is it possible to fit an adult between or besides 2 radians in a camry (or similar sized car?)
Can you install this without using the LATCH system?
will this seat fit three across in a standard car seat like the rxt?
What are the differences between this and the Diono Radian RXT?
is it fas approved
Is the fabric cover removable? Can it go in the washing machine (gentle cycle I'd assume)?
Can Diono car seats be installed in older cars without LATCH? Can the Diono seats be installed in such vehicles?
can it be easily moved from one car to another
is the fabric easy to clean?
recline forward facing
Will the Radian RXT fit rear facing in a 2011 Ford Fusion? Also, what is the maximum height in rear facing position? Thx.
What is the difference between the two different kinds of fabric?
Will it fit in a 2008 Honda Civic LX in middle of the rear seat for rear facing?
How does this compare with the Safety 1st Alpha Omega Elite Convertible Car Seat?
We have a 2012 Jeep Patriot and I'm wondering if the angle of this seat will work for rear facing?
how this performs on an airplane?
is it possible to fit an adult between or besides 2 radians in a camry (or similar sized car?)
Can you install this without using the LATCH system?
will this seat fit three across in a standard car seat like the rxt?
What are the differences between this and the Diono Radian RXT?
Has anyone purchased the seat that shows ships in 1-3 months? Did it really take that long to get? Thx
Does the nylon material get hot ? Anyone in hot climate have any trouble with the nylon ones being warm to the touch ? Florida here
does this seat fit well in smaller (front to back) cars without impacting the driver's seat?
Is the crotch belt adjustible?
How does the RXT compare to a RECARE ProRide? and is there any other material besides nylon?
what kind of fabric?
Do I need the angle adjuster to have this recline while rearfacing?
My son likes our Britax Pinnacle with its arm rests. Isn't it much less comfortable to have no arm rests like all the Diono's ?
What is the weight limit for using the 5 point harness?
Is it easy to change reclining positions when forward position? where is located the reclining adjuster and how many reclining positions there are??
3 car seats across back seat in sedan
The woman in the picture is wearing the carseat like a backpack. Are backpack straps available? Is there a place to attach straps on the carseat?
Do the harness straps adjust with the head rest? If not, how high is the highest slot? Higher than the highest slot on the Radian 100?
What type of fabric does this car seat, Rugby color, has? From the photos it looks like suede, but I'm not sure. Thank you.
what is the difference between this and the new version, just the color?
will this fit on 2009 toyota highlander? how about the 3rd row?
Can this be installed quickly or do you recommend buying 2 so both my husband's car and mine would have one?
Has anyone used this on an airplane? Does the seatbeat buckle end up in the middle of the kids back? (facing forward). Thanks!
Can this be converted into backless booster too?
Can any owners out there with the Rugby color comment on how the material holds up and how easy it's been to clean, etc...? Im thinking long-term.
Ok this is an odd question, but could I use this as a trash bin, on the floor between driver &amp; passenger seat, if I put a small garbage bag in it?
Does this have a slip-resistant bottom? We have leather seats, and I'm wondering if the thing would go flying if we braked hard.
Instead of between the seats, I assume that this can be put on one of the rear seats to hold things. Right?
is this item collapsible?
Is there velcro in the bottom?
Can I place it on top of an ice chest without it sliding off onto the baby in the car seat next to it?
Can anyone tell me what size drinks can fit the holder? 12 - 16oz etc. can regular size water bottles fit?
Does this have a hard bottom? I need to place it on a base that is narrower than the Dino. Dont want bottom of Dino to sag.
Are the cup holders stretchable? Would they hold a fast food drink, sports drink bottle, etc?
How durable is this product?
How do you travel with this? Brought it with us to Panama, but it's so heavy we don't know how to adjust plans to take it in &amp; between taxis.
I have a Ricaro car seat and I also have a Graco Nautilus will either one fit?
Would a Safety 1st convertible seat fit in this bag?
do I need a second strap to carry it backpack style?
Will this fit the Rainier?
When all packed up, can this fit (meet dimension requirements) in overhead compartments of planes?
Will the base for rear-facing fit in the bag as well?
does this bag fit all of the diono seats?
We bought this bag two years ago and it got holes and the zipper ripped the 2nd time we used it. Have any changes been made to the bag since then?
Does this fit any other foldable booster
Where does this product made in?
Can you only use a JJ Cole travel system on this? Or can any brand fit on it?
Does it include the bassinet or you have to buy it separate?
Can you add a snack tray and a cup holder to this stroller?
Hello, does this stroller have SPF protection on the top cover? If not, do you sell one that does? Thanks!!
How do you use the stroller in the bassinet position? I can't lay it on the horizontal position.
How are the wheels?
What carseats work with this stroller? and do they all snap in or do you have to buy an adapter separate and use a strap?
Would they work on concrete, and in the sidewalk or driveway? or just on smooth surface
age and weight limit
Has anyone had a hard time getting their back wheels to stay in place? We bought two of these and can't get the wheels in right.
Are these wheels hard plastic or are they roller blade wheels? thanks!
Does it come with a small mattress
It "features 3 level adjustable mattress height support," but it doesn't give specs on the height of each level. Do you know how tall each level is?
The dimensions of this crib seems to be more than standard cribs (29 x 57 x 38 inches).. What mattress would be best suited for this?
Does the Rail Drop to make it easier to put the baby in? If it does NOT, any recommendations of a crib that does??
Also wondering the size of the cubbies?
What size are the cubby holes/ shelving portion?
WHAT TOOLS ARE REQUIRED TO ASSEMBLE UNIT?
I want to know the exact dimension of this changing table. From the other website it is 36x19x36. So is 34x55x42 a package dimension?
Can someone tell me if there's room NEXT to the changing pad once you put it on top of the dresser, for a diaper organizer or basket? Thank you!
What is the product's dimensions? The technical details listed above indicates "34 x 55 x 42 inches". That seems incredibly large for a changing table
does the changing toper come off? (to have just a flat surface on the top of the dresser?)
I recived this item, and one of the fronts of the drawers looks like it has water spots! I do not want to return it. Can someone contact me?
is this changing table a bright white or a bit off white?
Is this made of real wood?
Do you know the dimensions of the mattress? Is it easy to find sheets that fit? Thank you in advance.
Do you send to M&eacute;xico?
How much maximum weight does the bassinet can carry and until how many years does this product fit?
What color is this? In some pictures I have seen it looks tan/brown and in some it looks grey/black... help?
IS THIS ITEM NEW???
What mattress would fit this playpen? I'd like to buy one that is thicker than what comes with it.
does it come with a mattress pad?
What is the type of fabric used?
Can anyone recommend bassinet sheets for this mattress? I am reusing mine from 2010 and frustratingly, the company can't sell me any!!!! I'm really upset bc their FAQ says its sooo dangerous to use any other but theirs and only 3 years after purchase...
What size is the mattress?
Did anyone else have a problem with the holes not aligning with hardware? Did you drill your own or return? Thanks.
Upto how many months can a baby sleep in this?
can you buy the changing table separate or the clamps? These attachments seemed to have gotten lost!
How wide is this bassinet?
what kind of mattress does it have? baby crib type or is it like the travel playpen?
Please tell me Shipping size.
Does the Trend Lab Musical "Rock Angel" Mobile match this set? It is the only other pink rock and roll themed set I can find...
is this 100% cotton?
You can send it to Brazil?
Does this set come with a mobile or can I buy one that matches seperately?
Does this set come with a mobile or can I buy one that matches seperately?
Does this have stroller straps?
Would this bag be roomy enough for 2 babies
Is the food diaper bag insulated?
hello, come the 2 pieces for that price or 1 bag?
Is this bag "sage" or grey as shown on the main product page? The picture on my shipping confirmation shows a different color.
In the product description they have mentioned ,accessories can be attached. Has anyone used that option? If so how quick can do that?
Is the changing pad waterproof, easy to clean and well padded?
what is it made of? Plastic? fiber? sinthetic?
ES unisex?
Is it available in colors other than Chocolate Brown? Is the cover removable for washing?
Does the chair rock/glide while the footrest is up?
Is the back support high enough for someone who is 6'2" to be able to rest their head back?
The item details says that the chair weighs 33 pounds -- is that correct? That is much lighter than every other glider I've looked at.
Does the back sit straight when it's not in recline position? It *looks* slightly reclined/angled even with the footrest down...
Does it lock in place once it is reclined?
Does anyone know what the difference between bella velvet chocolate brown and micro chocolate brown is?
How high does the seat go? Can you rest your head on it?
Does this still glide with the foot rest in the up position?
How tall is this chair - from the seat cushion to the top? i'm wondering if i will be able to rest my head back while rocking
Are dimentions 38 33 37 or 38 37 80 How tall is chair ht of chair from floor top of chair and what is width meaning side to side
Does this still glide in the reclining position?
is the leaver on the outside like shown in the pic? I read a review on a chair saying it was on the inside, but I cant remember what chair it was now
can you glide while the foot rest is extended?
is this material microfiber?
Would you recommend the velvet or microsuede fabric?
What is the diagonal depth of the chair? Is the base removable? Does this glider fit through a 29" wide door frame?
At least 4 people mentioned that the chair was noisy. For those of you who have owned it for a bit, has it gotten noisy? Thanks
Is the beige the same as the buckwheat?
We bought a second monitor but the infrared camera doesn't work. Is there a trick I'm missing?
what is the warranty? I purchased one at the end of January and it stopped working in May.
Has anyone experienced the second camera just shutting off?
does this add on camera include everything I see in the picture including the plug in adaptor so I can plug it in?
is there a way to buy another screen monitor?
What is the voltage range of the D/C adapter? Is it only 120V?
Can you hear talking or regular noises.... I want this to keep a ear out for my boys and make sure the oldest isn't hurting my little one... at night.
Does this item come with the actual monitor and cameras or you must buy the monitor separately?
does anyone know how to fix the antenna on this unit. We had two, and the antennas broke off of both only get signal 4 ft from unit!!!
Why is this item "under review", so Amazon is not selling it at this time?
Does this come with a urinal cup to poor out the urine or do you have to take the whole unit off the wall or the toliet to dump out?
Would the suction cups attach well to a tile wall?
How long did it take for you to receive it after ordering? Is shipping really 17-30 days?
Does this come with the clip to hang on the side of the toilet?
Why was it discontinued? (No longer on baby brezza site, and says discontinued on diapers.com)
is there a warranty on this product?
Do you leave this machine turned on all day?
is this product dual voltage?
does it need to work with ONLY filtered water?
In some posts is sounds like people are just using tab water for smaller babies. If this safe?? Thought you needed to use purified water the 1st year.
can you use this to heat ready to feed formula?
Does anyone know what the little rings on the side of the seats on the inside are for? Am I hooking the seatbelt wrong?
Has anyone ever taken this on a plane?
Where it is made from?
Can this stroller fold with the seat in the rear facing position?
Do the front wheels lock?
How many points of engagement does the five point harness have? My current (2008) Phil and Teds requires 4 separate "clicks" and it drives me crazy!
Is the bassinet large enough? Does it comes with a mattress?
Is the bassinet large enough? Does it comes with a mattress?
Does this mattress work with the Angelcare Movement Monitor?
Did it smell like wool when you got it? Was the baby smelling like wool after sleeping on it?
Mattress dimensions are 53x28, when most standard size cribs only have a 52x28 space internally. What cribs can be used with this mattress?
Do you also need to get a mattress pad, or is the cover already waterproof?
Is this a dual sided matress for toddlers/infants? What are the recommended ages for use?
Does this mattress also fit toddler beds, or is it for cribs only?
Does this set come with the bassinet fabric, wooden board and mattress?
does it comes with under matress board?
Does the wooden bassinet board come with the fabric &amp; mattress?
Does the bassinet complete come as seen in the photo, with the base and covers?
I can see people like using this for smaller babies (&amp; preemies), but how big can a baby get and still allow this to be used comfortably?
How long is this wrap?
I'm under 5 feet tall does this product work for short people too?
These come in different sizes?
Is it possible to carry twins in it?
Has anyone comfortably worn this after having a c-section?
Can I put my dog in here? He is 14 lbs...
I see spandex is used. Is this similar to a Moby Wrap? I'm looking for something for older babies/toddlers (30+lbs). Is this it?
I am using this wrap with a 6 pound newborn. It seems like it stretches out quickly and she ends up sitting pretty low. Is that as expected?
Where is the Boba Baby Wrap manufactured?
When wearing this carrier on your front, can the child face outward?
hiking
Up to what height child does this work well for?
Does this come with the teething pads?
can one smallish person--unassisted--load child and fasten straps and buckles?
What are the height and width measurements for the panel that goes against the back of the child?
Boba or Beco, which is better? Trying to decide and they both look similar. Thanks!
what is it about the boba that makes it more comfortable than the ergo?
Can you do a high back carry on the Boba like on the Tula?
Will this work for a 6'3" 280 lb. man?
Boba or Onya Cruiser? How useful are the pockets on the Boba 3G and what is the width of the seat and length of panel on this carrier? I'll be travelling with my 2yo+ toddler and hope to carry our passports/boarding passes and some cash for easy access...
Does anyone have any feedback comparing the Boba 3G to the Tula Toddler? Which is better?
Will this fit an android HTC phone?
Does the brica fit an iphone 6
Will it hold an iPhone 6 Plus?
does this work on the Quinny buzz stroller?
my phone is 4.25x1.5 will it hold it?
Would the iPhone 5c fit safely?
can a galaxy note 2 fit in there?
Does it work on car seats also?
does this works on bugaboo bee?
would this work on a chicco capri umbrella stroller?
Do you think this would work on a grocery store cart? (and stay)
Does anyone know if this works with the Uppa Baby G-Luxe Stroller?
Would this work on a rounabout carseat?
Can you remove the snack pod and use it for two sippy cups?
Does this work with anyone's Recaro ProRIDE Convertible Car Seat?
can you place a standard coffee cup (with a handle) securely within it?
can I attach to a ignite first years portable stroller
Is it big enough for a beer can in a coozie?
I want to attach this to the frame of a hammock with 1.5-2.0" tubes. Will this attach to something that large?
Will this fit a large/ex-large cup from a fast food place?
If I attached this to my golf pull cart, will it clip without fear of falling off?
Does the Gray part rotate to fit a patio chair? It looks like it is at an angle in the picture, but can turn to fit it.
would this hold a red solo cup?
the main picture here shows a black cup holder with grey fittings, is this the case or are all plastics grey? thx!
will a drink Koozie fit in this?
So, do you think this would work as a drink (beer bottle) holder on a pony carriage going down a bump road?
Will this fit on a Britax Boulevard?
What are folded dimensions? I am trying to find something that fits in the back of my minivan.
Does anybody know the difference between twin sport and twin cosmo? thanks!
Can two car seats hold in stroller?
Would it fit my Dorel Juvenille infant carseat?
Ive read reviews saying that the changing pad is very thin, and its not normal size so to replace it would be a pain. What are the dimensions of the changing pad? Can you replace with a typical changing pad?
Is the Espresso finish black or more of a dark brown?
what is the weight limit with this changer? has it been recalled?
replace changing pad
how long are the adjustable straps? we have a Ergo but with our 23lb daughter in it, it's rather snug for my husband who has a wide upper body.
Does this carry accommodate for hip-wearing?
is there an insert for newborns that can be attached to this carrier ?
I know the capacity is 45 pounds, but has anyone used it for larger toddlers? Ours is tall, and 36 pounds, and was uncomfortable in the Ergo. Is this really different?
What is the carrying capacity? How many pounds can it hold...
is this the only the baby carrier or can I carry toddlers in it too?
What is the difference between a boba 2G and a 3G?
Can you have your baby front facing out with this carrier?
Is glacier color gray or bluish purple?
What's different (besides the print designs) about this carrier vs the Special Edition Diaper Dude Boba Carrier 3G?
How tall it is once assembled? We want to use it as reading corner for kids, but would like it to hold a good amount of books not just a few.
Does this come with the storage baskets ?
Hi, Can anyone give the exact dimensions of this bench. Height, width and depth. Thx
what is the max weight that the bench can withstand?
Does anyone know if you can buy replacement baskets?
Is the back of this just as nice? Since I would have it exposed where I would want it.
is this product sturdy enough to support adult sitting?
What are the dimensions? Some reviewers say the measurements listed are not accurate. I want to use in the garage for the kids to sit &amp; put shoes on
I need an exact height measurement of it once assembled. Not "around" the size. Can someone measure it and let me know? Thank you.
Would this make a good window seat? (GOT THE ANSWER)
Has anyone used this in place of a bassinet at their bedside? Does it feel sturdy enough or is it best used as a temporary bed only when not at home?
It uses batteries or wall energy?
is the upper level safe to support the baby's weight?
What size is the mattress pad in this play yard?
It plays music?
Is the bassinet high enough so when you have to wake up to nurse in the middle of the night you can just easily reach and pick up baby from your bed?
Could you tell me the dimensions &amp; weight of the playard when packed for travel?
Is the changing table meant to be detachable?
Does the top part flip over to be a changer and a sleeper on the other?
In the reviews, some customers stated they are not pleased with the changing table. Is it possible to use the bassinet to change the baby?
Dose the changing table flip down or over? So after the baby naps you can flip the changing table back to its normal spot and change the baby?
Is the napper piece removable from the play yard?
Is the napper part removable/portable? (Does it double as portable napper?)
Is this brown or gray?
How easy is it to clean the napper? Are there sheets I can buy to use in the napper to make washing easier if baby makes a mess?
Has any used a Apple iPod shuffle or another MP3 player with unit ?
Is the changing table machine washable? How do you clean it when it is dirty?
Can the napper portion be used as the baby's primary sleeping location overnight for the first month or two?
Would you tell the shipping dimentions?
can u add a mattress
Do you I need to buy an additional mattress to use this as a crib for the first few weeks? Or should I just use the rocking seat/bassinet?
What are the dimensions of the mattress? Looking for a waterproof cover and sheets that fit.
In the picture it looks like the cuddle cove is tilted up on the inside. Is there a removable piece so a baby can lay flat in it?
How much space is there from the ground to the bottom of the pack and play?
Can Baby Sleep here overnight: Do I need a separate bassinet for baby or can the baby sleep here at night?
Does this come with a toy bar, for toys to dangle down for baby to grab?
Does the changing station flip over to the side while not being used?
Hi, i would like to know the size of the box because i will buy online.
What is the size of the shipping box? Hi, I need to know the dimensions of the shipping box.
Is the bassinet able to vibrate when out of the playard?
What kind of playyard mattress and mattress sheet should I buy with this product ?! Please help!!
Does the changer attach to the bassinet or to the playard itself, i.e. can I use it as a playard with a changer (without the bassinet)?
Can you use this as a bassinet for newborn to sleep through the night?
What are the dimensions of the bottom mat?
Can the baby sleep in the bassinet with the napper/changer in place? If not, can you easily remove the napper/changer?
should I buy a mattress?
good! I need to know what the dimenciones in box to ship outside the United States?
Is the napper/changer supposed to have a slight incline to it?
Is that a mattress in between the napper/changer and the play yard? If so, what's the max weight for the in between part?
How sturdy is the playyard for an active baby who is standing holding the side bar
Is there any way to get an AngelCare Monitor beneath this? Or would I need to purchase an additional mattress?
Do the napper/changer and infant bassinet fold in with the rest of the playard for travel and storage?
Does this come with a mattress or do you have to buy a seperate mattress?
so what else do i need - the mattress pad cover, the sheets. it comes with a mattress? anything for the bassinet that i need?
I would like to buy a mattress also... what dimensions should have?
What are the shipping dimensions?
Can this be taken as a carry on inside of the plane?
The mattress that came with my pack n' play has few dimples making its thickness not uniform. Has anyone had this problem before?
Ca I buy a separate napper to use with a pack n play I already own?
Can the bassinet be rocked?
does this product come with a mattress? its a co-sleeper correct? thank you
Can the napper come out and be used separately on a different surface or can it only be used in the pack n play?
When the Changing table isn't in use, does it flip over and hang on the side? Or is it always sitting inside the bassinet area like that?
Can you leave in the changing table when you take out the napper and use it as a bassinet?
Can you use the changing section as a mapper?
What size sheets does this use?
anyone else having problems with the changing table slanting? it causes the baby to roll to the left.
anyone else having problems with the changing table slanting? it causes the baby to roll to the left.
what are the exact measurements of packet delivery?
what sheets would fit mattress pad
I need to know the disassembled playard measures, i mean, the real box dimension, because i will send it by ship to another country.
Can you put the napper changer on the top if the pack n play is not being used as a bassinet?
does this play yard come with a storage on the side?
Is this Playard comes with the mini crib mattress?
What are the dimensions of the item when packed for SEND NOW?
The instructions in the box say 'use type b bulb maximum 25w'. Yet the description says up to 60w. Which is it?
is this a plug in?
How long is the electrical cord?
Most reviews for child's room. Appropriate for young women's apartment?
What is the silver wire for? Where do I hook it up? Is it a ground wire?
are the "crystals" glass or plastic?
What is the exact width of the Shade?
Does this SAME chandelier come in white????
Is this product formamide-free? I e-mailed the manufacturers but didn't get a response.
What are the total dimensions of this mat?
I found a moderate rubbery/chemical odor upon opening the package. Does it fade, and how long does that take?
Is this ok for a baby doing tummy time?
Is it BPA free?
are they rally 8 pack ? So 8 x 16 pieces?
Is this toxic free?
Is this chandelier a plug in? or is it strictly hardwired?
what size bulbs?
What do you do with the grounding wire if you plug the lamp into the wall (not hardwire)? And why is the ceiling mount near the plug, not the lamp?
This chandelier looks silver in the picture. Is it white or silver?
what color is the chain and the ceiling plate?
Is this fixture 'bathroom rated'... ie, to have in a bathroom where there is moisture, steam, etc ?
Alot of people mention how this looks great in a kids room, is it too "childish" to have in a kitchen?
If I hardware and have it hanging from the ceiling what do I do with the chain? Cut it off?
How long is the chain and electric wiring? I will need to swag this from a fixture several feet from it's intended destination.
What color cord cover would you put with this chandelier?
A couple of questions: Can the seat cover be removed and machine-washed and can you swing the seat manually (by hand)?
Hello there! Can you ship this to Geneva Switzerland?
Can the seat be turned so that the baby can rock side to side (not just forwards and backwards)?
swing just stopped swinging but then other days it will swing?? How do I go about fixing it, because my daughter LOVES this swing!
does it have a power cord?
Is it also power sourced? Does it come with a power adapter?
Does the swing fold for storage
I need the dimensions of the box it comes packed?
Does the seat recline all the way to flat position?
I know this product can be plug in, but can someone comfim the voltage of this AC plug? Thanks
I had an older version of this swing I believe, and you could set your Graco carseat in it as well. Will that work with this one?
I actually already have this swing. I purchased it for my son but am now pregnant with a girl. Is there an option to buy only the swing cover/seat pad
Hi, the product details say that you need 4d batteries, but the review claim that you can plug it in. Can someone confirm if it can be plugged in?
I know this product can be plug in, but can someone comfim the voltage of this AC plug? Thanks
I had an older version of this swing I believe, and you could set your Graco carseat in it as well. Will that work with this one?
I actually already have this swing. I purchased it for my son but am now pregnant with a girl. Is there an option to buy only the swing cover/seat pad
Hi, the product details say that you need 4d batteries, but the review claim that you can plug it in. Can someone confirm if it can be plugged in?
Does this fit into the top of a shopping cart?
What is the expiration date of the carrier/car seat?
What material is the fabric made of?
How would you describe the main color? Turquoise, green, blue? (hard to tell on screen) Wondering if this would be a good option for a baby girl.
Can you confirm that the shoulder straps are adjustable from the front of the car seat?
Does this car seat have elastic around the back of the canopy? Or, does it have 2 arms (and no elastic) like the Snugride 32/35?
Does this car seat come with the base?
Does it fit in to the LiteRider&reg; Classic Connect&#153; Stroller
can this be attached to a pack and play?
Can the light be turned off when the music is on? Thanks.
Does it use regular alkaline batteries? I want to get rechargeable batteries.
Hi! Does this mobile have the option of the move and lights without a sound? Can anyone compare this one to Fisher Price Precious Planet? Thanks!
Does this really soothes the baby to sleep?
The horizontal bar on the crib is over 7inches wide most mobiles would not fit . The brackets just aren't wide enough. Will this mobile fit my crib?
What is the shipping box dimensions?
Does the music fade out at the end of the 40 minutes?
Is this mobile sound activated? like it would turn itself on if baby cries or fuss?
Tightening it enough to stay in place is tearing up the finish on the crib. Is anyone else having this problem?
How long dose it take to embroider?
Can it be embroidered?
Does it say sophia on it or is it just the picture?
Is the name on Tilllie the Turtle always Sophia?
Is this deep enough to give a toddler a bath sitting up?
I want to know if I can order a new stopper and hook for it
What are the dimensions when it is closed?
How are you supposed to close the legs so they don't break?
Can this fit in a kitchen sink?
Is the tub BPA free/non toxic?
Can you use this in the bathtub?
What insert can you use for newborns to prevent the sliding?
How deep is the water when fully filled and both sides are down?
Since so many people are complaining about how slippery the tub is, has anyone tried sticking the non-slip bathtub stickers in the Boon Naked tub?
Is this deep enough to give a toddler a bath sitting up?
I want to know if I can order a new stopper and hook for it
What are the dimensions when it is closed?
How are you supposed to close the legs so they don't break?
Can this fit in a kitchen sink?
Is the tub BPA free/non toxic?
Can you use this in the bathtub?
What insert can you use for newborns to prevent the sliding?
How deep is the water when fully filled and both sides are down?
Since so many people are complaining about how slippery the tub is, has anyone tried sticking the non-slip bathtub stickers in the Boon Naked tub?
Does it recline flat?
Does the canopy move adjustable as to block sun in front of babies face?
good morning you can tell me the measurements of the box and the product packaged? and weight please
Can you pivot the canopy forward to block the sun when it's right in front of you?
what are the folded dimensions?
Does this stroller recline flat? Or does the recline stops at a certain degree (like say 30 degrees)?
Are the handles adjustable? We are very tall parents and are needing handle bar that can pull out a bit more than for the standard person.
Does the snack tray pivot or open to get the baby out
Do the wheels move side to side like the newer suitcases, allowing for turning/spinning around easily, or are they all stationery?
is this good for tall parents? We are 5'8" and 6"
Does the basket have a handle at the back to pull in order to lower it down for easy access if the seat is reclined?
Is this listing for the classic connect or click connect?
Does the parent tray have a storage bin for small items like keys, a phone or wallet? I only see cup holders mentioned.
Has anyone had issues with the foam handles ripping?
This stroller looks very 'square' from the photo almost like a box compared to a lot of strollers. Or will i be pleasantly surprised in person?
does this product listing include the car seat/carrier?
It doesn't look like there is a footrest on the stroller. Would this be annoying for toddlers with feet just dangling?
would a chicco keyfit infant carseat fit in the graco stroller?
Is this a good choice for a 4 year boy and a 18 months baby?
Will this accommodate a Graco FastAction fold Click Connect 30 car seat?
Would this fit in the trunk of a Ford Focus? Also looked @ Graco Ready2Grow and the reviews said it wouldn't fit... wondering if this smaller?
Will a Britax carseat fit in the graco stroller?
is this compatible with Graco Classic Connect car seats or any Graco car seat??? Different websites state different info.
Max weight 50lbs or 100?-Description says 50-customers say 100. Which is it?
Does it work with other brand car seats? Have any of you tried using this stroller with a non-Graco seat?
I will have an 18 month old and a newborn in July. Is there a back seat for this that has a buckle or is it just the little plastic seat?
is the front seat for a 3 year old
Has anyone tried to use the Safety 1st OnBoard infant seat with this stroller?
Is this stroller compatible with the Snugride 35?
Does a chicco keyfit 30 fit in the infant seat portion?
Car seats adaptable: What car seats can be used with this stroller?
Has anyone traveled with this stroller on an airplane? We are taking a trip to Disney and are thinking of taking our stroller.
What are the folded dimensions of this stroller? With everything assembled? Just trying to figure out if it'll fit in the back of my minivan.
I have a Chevy Traverse. Does anyone else have a similar size SUV and does this stroller fit in the trunk?
Is it possible to remove both drink/snack trays easily as well as both canopies in order to fit into the car?
snug ride 35
Does the Britax B Agile infant car seat fit in this?
is this stroller compatible with all graco infant carriers? we have a Snugride carrier.
Is this an awkward stroller to push around? Are the seats deep? Do the seats recline flat and multi-position? Is the basket adequate? Would you buy it again?? Thanks!
Do toddler's feet rest on the front seat footrest or do they hang over like other double strollers? Hoping it is lower and/or further out than others
Can you only use front seat and remove back seat ,if the baby becom bigger in the future ?
is this stroller compatible with a Mia Moda infant car seat?
Has anyone had any comfort issues with a 2yr old in the front seat with an infant carrier in the rear seat?
My sister is having triplets, can I attach another stroller, so that all 3 babies can ride at the same time. Is this comfortable. I need help. Thanks
Is this the same as the graco flint double stroller? just a different color?
Can you put the car seat in the front with baby facing Mom, and have the toddler sit in the rear facing baby at the same time?
We have the Graco SnugRide Click Connect 40 Infant Car Seat, is this stroller compatible?
Does it fit with the Quinny bassinet?
Does it fit with Quinny bassinet?
I have the quinny buzz stroller and am wondering if this base will work with the maxi cosi mico ap car seat ??
Will this adapter work with the Chicco key fit 30 seat?
Will i be needing this in order to use the carseat onto the stroller? My carseat is the Maxi-Cosi Mico AP And my stroller is the Quinny Buzz Xtra.
Will this work with the Baby Trend (EZ Flex Loc) carseat?
will this work with icandy pear stroller and cosi35 car seat or graco snugride 22 car seat? thank you!
does this work with the Britax Chaperone?
does this work with maxi cosi mico? don't have adapter
does this fit for the graco snug and ride 30 car seat?
One reviewer said her package came w/one 2.5 tog and one 1.0 tog, did anyone else have that problem? I'd prefer to have both 2.5 tog.
How soft are these? I've read reviews from different styles and it seems some prints are softer and "wear" better than others.
My 17 mo old is 28" from shoulder-toe, don't know if I should get the 6-18 or 18-36 size. What does your grobag measure?
has the buckle been replaced since the recall?
Can anyone verify that this car seat has a recliner? Im seeing one person saying "yes" and another saying "no".
Has anyone actually used this seat on an airplane? How heavy was it to lug around? Easy install and fit in coach seat?
how to install? can use seat belt to fix?
Is the cup holder removable?
Is this car seat approved by the FAA to be used on an airplane?
What is the manufacture date on this item?
can we carry baby in it? mean does this comes with a handle to carry the baby ?
Does this car seat recline in the forward facing position?
will it fit in a small car?
is it good for use on airplanes?
Do you recommend it for a one year old girl ??? I'm looking for a new car seat for my daughter and i'm worried if she falls asleep her head were will
Can i use this seat for 11month old baby? Can this be set as Rear faced and from faced?
Does this car seat work for an infant, or only 6 months+?
I read a review where someone had issues with their child unhooking the chest buckel on their own?! Any issues with that?
Can this seat be installed rear facing with a lap only belt?
Can you easily remove the cup holder?
Is this model affected by the safety recall for 2014?
Is this seat BRF free?
Does the seat cover come off for cleaning?
Would an average 5 or 6 yr old fit in this seat still forward facing? isit be comfortable at that age?
when rear facing how many recline position does it have?. Do your babies sleep well on it for long trips?
Does it have a handle to carry the car seat.
How old was (or will be) your child when they outgrow this seat rear facing by height? What height percentile is your child?
Can this carseat be used for a newborn?
Has anyone flown with this seat?
Does this seat have a tether or any kind of rebound control when rear facing?
Is the red color easy to clean? Or will it show a lot of dirt?
Can these be used in American cars? We have a 2009 Mitsubishi Outlander.
Recline
Is there a stroller that this seat fits into? I'd like to find a travel system with a car seat that goes up to 70 lbs. Does such a thing exist?
peg vs clek foonf? any thoughts?!
What is the Height Limit for Rear Facing? I don't care about weight limits my baby is tall &amp; I want him rear facing until age .
Is it possible to recline this car seat in the FF position? How is the baby's head in the FF position? Does it fall forward when the they fall asleep?
What's the difference between this seat and the Primo Viaggio SIP 5-70 Convertible seat?
Can you buy a separate base to fit in a second vehicle or is it all one piece?
how do you install this thing?
Does this work with newborn right out of hospital?
We have the SIP 30/30 and love it. My issue is the black fabric pills like crazy! I have taken a sweater shaver to it. Does fabric on 5/70 do it too?
Is there a cup holder for the seat?
It is easy to install in car for rear-facing and forward facing? Can I use the seat belt to install this seat?
Does anyone own the one with the leather sides? If so, does it get hot in the sun?
can this car seat be used also on the strollers?
does it recline?
How much space will this car seat take when extended to the most reclined position?
I am looking for a car seat that will be moved from one car to another often, so it needs to be easy to install and de-instal. Is this the right one?
Is this car seat suit for newborn baby?
Hi, I would like to know the dimensions of the box u send this car seat in, cos i would take the car seat unopend from the box to India.
We plan to use this carseat in multiple cars. Do you need an additional seat base or is the base always attached to this seat?
Is this car seat fine to use on an airplane? thank you.
Does this car seat recline? Thank you!
I like the recline feature of the Chiccos NextFit convertible seat but this seat seems safer. Anyone know how many recline positions in rear facing?
does the seat fabric get hot
Can you tell me why there is price difference between the Beige and Paloma? Is it because Paloma has leatherette material?
can it be used for a newborn baby
Does this seat recline in forward facing position?
Dose it have isofix(International Standards Organization FIX) system?
Does this carseat recline in the rear facing position?
Will this take up my whole backseat? I have a chevy aveo (small car). Is it supposed to go in the middle or can it go on the side?
What is the height limit for this carseat?
Will this car seat fit in a Toyota Corolla or Prius?
will this fit in a 2010 Subaru Forester? And still allow for one or 2 other passengers in the back seat? Thanks!!
How well does this seat reclinein the rear facing postion? Just a little or is it good that babies head doesn't fall forward when sleeping? We have a Britax Marathon for my 7 month old but when sleeping his head falls front. It doesnt seem to recline...
How to get Latch tight when rear facing? I've sat in it (180LBS) and pulled as hard as possible, but I can still move the car seat side to 12-15 inches
How is this car seats head support? The head support on my 6 month old sons current convertible car seat doesnt keep his head straight while sleeping
I have a Honda CRV the seat doesn't seem to fit ? The slant of the frame makes it so it does not sit against the back of the seat ?
Does this seat come with the base for the car?
I know nothing about carseats or babies, but my best-friend registered for this for her baby shower. Do I need to get a car seat base to go with this?
Can this seat be used with a grace stroller base?
Will this fit well in a 2010 Honda Civic
dimenciones what the packaging for shipment?
Is this compatible with a BOB stroller GRACO adaptor?
I'm a little confused. Some say the chest latch is too loose and others too hard to unlatch. Has Graco fixed the problem? Does the latch work now?
Do they recline? Thank you!
Will the head piece be too big for my 4 month old?
Is this seat easy to transfer between vehicles? i.e. are the latch straps easy to tighten and loosen?
Does this seat fit well in a Compact car? I have a 2012 Ford Focus, and would need this behind the Driver.
Does anyone know if Avent bottles or Playtex insulated sippy cups will fit in the cup holders?
does this seat recline?
would the seat work in 1999 car model? (so the seat has to be installed by means of the seat belt being tightened through the car seat)?
I have a Honda Civic, does anyone know if it fits ok?
is this seat on the recall list?
is a pool noodle or a rolled towel required to get correct recline when installing this seat rear-facing?
The item weight is 70 pounds????
Does it come with a base?
The base is included in this item?
I am trying to find a manufacture date in the product information.. have I missed it? I do not want to buy an expired car seat.
Is there a handle for carrying it? Can it be carried with the child sitting in it?
HELP - STAT! We have 2 Peg Peregos (licorice / leather), and after a long car ride today, they both got drenched in pee. CLEANING TIPS??
what size is the box I'm going to south america will the size be approved as a piece of luggage as I am taking only 1 suitcasa
Trying to choose between this one (peg perego) and britax advocate click tight any thoughts? we will be using the seat belt install. Thanks!
Does the leather on the Licorice seat touch (burn in the summer) the baby's skin?
Is the seat hard? Every convertible car seat at target had very hard bottoms. I'd like one with real cushioning!
Hi. Just wondering why the Black weighs 21 lb but the Licorice is listed as weighing 11 lbs? Is that a typo on amazons part?
Is it possible to buy an extra base for this car seat? I don't see it online.
What are the dimensions of the package delivery?
Would this seat be ok to use for a newborn right out of the hospital? I want to get it for long term use but concerned that it might not work.
Does this model attach to the bugaboo cameleon stroller?
What color is the inside?
Does it come with stroller straps?
Is there a separate outside pocket for the changing pad?
Does the external side pocket fit a toddler sippy bottle/cups which tend to be fatter than the baby bottles shown in the photo
Do you think a laptop could fit in this? I was thinking about using it as a work bag.
How long have you been using the bag? Is it durable ?
It says that it comes with a changing pad, is that the same as the matching changing clutch? Does the pad have a place to hold diapers and wipes?
Does it come with the over the shoulder strap?
I will have 2 babies 13 months apart and looking for a bag big enough for 2 sets of diapers/clothes etc. Would this work?
I have found with other diaper bags, one you fill the inside pockets, you have very little room inside for other items. Does this bag do the same?
Does the bag have "feet" so when you set it down it won't touch the ground? Also is it water proof? Any insulation for bottles?
what lining does the stone arbor bag have ? is it black or ligher in color?
I have seen a lot of reviews say negative things about the quality of the handles. For those that use the shoulder strap have you had any problems?
Is the inside purple or green?
Does it fit a baby trend car seat?
Has anyone used this on a Britax infant car seat?
Does the canopy stay in place when you lower the car seat carry handle?
Does this fit evenflow discovery 5 infant car seat?
If I need to replace my baby's pacifier, is this easy to open and close?
Does it fit a baby trend car seat?
Has anyone used this on a Britax infant car seat?
Does the canopy stay in place when you lower the car seat carry handle?
Does this fit evenflow discovery 5 infant car seat?
If I need to replace my baby's pacifier, is this easy to open and close?
Is the space for the cup large enough to fit most straw cups? pic shows a bottle which is narrower than a straw cup...?
Do you think the detachable tray part work with armrest cup holders in movie theaters? I don't own a stroller and just want to sneak in my own snacks
Does it work with bugaboo bee?
Is this compatible with the cameleon ?
Is this snack tray compatible with buffalo?```
Is it compatible with Bugaboo Bee Plus?
Are the diapers covered by warranty at all?
How does this one-size compare to the Small or Medium size Fuzzy Bunz? If I get these to have more diapers, will they work as she grows?
Does each diaper come with 2 inserts or is it only 2 inserts for the entire order (meaning I would need to buy more)?
How many diapers does this listing include?
how thick is the mat?
The film peels off rather quickly....that seems really unsafe for kids especially if they put things in their mouth! Is it made in China?
What are the real dimensions of this product?
Are the animals printed on the mat?
I want to know $59 a few pieces? How's the size of each?
how many tiles does it contain?
Can it be shipped to China?
Do the wheels lock into place?
can this be used at a dining room table when baby gets older?
Is the "snack tray" (underneath the main sliding big tray) removable? Or do I have to slip my child's legs under it when placing her in? Thanks
What is the overall width of the chair?
are the seat belts detachable and machine washable too, or is it just the pad?
Fireproofing chemical question: Does the tag attached say that it complies with TB 117?
Can you tell me manufacturing date?
What is the seat material made out of? My baby gets so overheated in it. Does this happen to yours too? Considering buying a different chair.
The tray looks very small what are the dimensions
How can you adjust the recline? thanks..
Did anyone have issues with the detachable tray and removing the sticker that it came with? It left a sticky residue all over my tray .
Is it stable for kids who like to rock in the high chair?
Is the seat cover more like a wipeable vinyl that is easy to clean or a cotton that would stain easily?
Are these easy to remove? I want to be able to put them on at night and remove them during the day.
Do you think these would work on the old 1930-40 door knobs that we have?
How do you measure door knob to see if these fit?
Will they work to help protect the wall or another door when the door knob contacts them?
Do these prevent the child from accessing the lock button on the door knob?
How well will they work on oval/football shaped knobs?
does the seat recline?
Is it recommended for newborn?
Hello! Do you think this stroller fits in the plane as a carry on? And this has the rain cover?
Would a 1 year old baby fit in this bassinet? Thanks!!
my baby is 6 months old and weighs 23 lbs, is this bassinet suitable for him?
my baby is 14 months old and weighs 11 kilos. is this bassinet suitable for her?
my baby is 14 months old and weighs 11 kilos. is this bassinet suitable for her?
Will this work with the new Peg pereno 4/35 carseat
Can the height of the handlebar be adjusted?
Is this compatablie with chicco keyfit 30 infant seats?
What are the folded dimensions?
Amazon states the weight is 9.5 lbs, the peg perego site lists it as 15.8 lbs...what is the actual weight?
Is the weight listed here correct? 9.5lb? This looks more like a 15-16lb stroller.
can the peg perego carseat snap into this for an infant?
Just to confirm, can this fit the newer primo viaggio 4-35?
Is this stroller compatible with their Primo Viaggio convertible car seat ?
Hi, I was just wondering do the handles on this stroller go both ways?
Is the canopy similar to the Peg Perego Si?? I know the Si has been discontinued but I loved the canopy because it covered a lot.
Has anyone tried to pair this with the primo viaggio 4/35? I only see reviews for the 30/30
Is it compatible with the new Prima Viaggio 4-35?
Which rain cover have you bought for this stroller?
Does this stroller come with boot and rain cover?
Just to clarify, this fits an oval shaped bassinet? Some colors look rectangular in shape and others pictured are oval.
anyone use this for a fisher price zen bassinet?
The mattress is oval "32 x 16 " Will these sheets fit?
Would this fit a small bassinet mattress? My mattress is 29" x 13" and when I tried using Carter's sheets they were way too big.
Has anyone used this fitted sheet on the Baby Bjorn Cradle? Many thanks!
Where is it made?
Will this fit an uppa baby bassinet?
My mattress is oval in shape, 15 x 30, 2" thick. Is the size mentioned, 18 x 30 the exact sheet size?
has anyone used this on the naturepedic oval mattress that is 13 x 29?
Is there a warranty for these seats? I just got mine a month back - normal use and it has ripped half way.
Can little ones (3-4) attach this themselves?
Does anyone know how this fits on public restroom seats?
How well is this seat going to fit in public restrooms ? None of the seats I bought so far fit well &amp; wiggle all the time thus getting unstable.
Is this good from age 2.5 yrs - 3.5 yrs for a boy?
does this take batteries? How long does the music play?
what is the music? how long does it play? is it loud?
does this mobile have volume control??
Do the cupholders come off on this backless booster?
I s this seat appropriate for a 6-7 year old first grader?
What is the width with cup holders pushed in?
Can you remove the armrests, or at least flip them up out of the way while getting in and out of the car?
How much does it weigh? The description says 1 pound, but that is hard to believe.
How much does it weigh? The description says 1 pound, but that is hard to believe.
i don't see any belt or anything to fix this seat to car. can you help me or give me directions on how i can fix this to car ?
Is this booster also "FAA-approved" to use on an airplane?
Hello, I am wondering if this model has more cushioning than others; the ones we have now are pretty hard on the bum. Thanks.
What is the width of the booster seat with the cup holders pushed in, and pulled out? We have a small car with two other car seats already in it.
Where can I find a matching mobile?
how can i get 1 more window valance?
Is this product 100% cotton? I actually want the comforter, the bumper and sheet to be cotton which is best to baby's skin
what are the dimensions of the quilt?I dont want to get this if it doesn't fit my crib
Where can I find the rug that is shown in this picture, I hope the quality is nice
What is the length on the window valences?
The "blue" color looks almost mint green. I wanted a mint green color for my daughter's room. Is this turquoise as listed or is the hue "green-er"?
What are the dimensions for the dust ruffle?
What are the measurement for the window valances?
How do I get another charging/power cord for the parent unit part of the monitor? The other one got broken and I can't find where to get a new one!
120 or 240 ?
monitor only has a snowey picture, what am i doing wrong?
does this monitor have a warranty
Does the valve from this size cup fit the other sizes? In other words - are the lids/valves interchangeable between the different sizes?
How does it work? How do you know when you have the lid on tight enough?
Will these work for a thick drink like a smoothie?
Does anyone know how this compares to the WOW CUP (sold on infomercials)?
Are they BPA free?
Are these bpa and lead free?
Can I use those to send to school? In another words, will they leak inside the lunchbag?
Is the food processor good for making fine purees for young babies(5 mon)? Seems that unless you have lots of food, the blender is not a good option.
Are 12 BPA-free 4 oz Storage Jars Glass?? or Plastic?
What voltage is this? Stationed in Europe and wondering if it would require an adaptor or a transformer?
Can the food processor be used to process frozen food (fruits and peas for example)?
It doesn't steam though, right?
Cuisinart BRM-1000 vs. Sage Spoonfuls system?! Even though it does everything in one, the references to plastic melting (BPA-free) and mold are scary!
Is this only good for baby food? Or can i use it for everything? Does anyone use this as a normal hand mixer?
Is this only good for baby food? Or can i use it for everything? Does anyone use this as a normal hand mixer
Is this only good for baby food? Or can i use it for everything? Does anyone use this as a normal hand mixer
Is this only good for baby food? Or can i use it for everything? Does anyone use this as a normal hand mixer
Can you carry the baby on the back and the backpack at the front, or vica versa?
Is the exterior bottom waterproof?
Does this product feature the new logo with the orange nautilus shell?
We have an older home with textured plaster walls. Will the decals adhere well and look good on textured walls?
If the tree has been in place for quite some time (1+ year) is it still easy to remove, or does it strip the paint/wall?
Can I use it outdoors. I would love to put it on the covered area of the patio wall
would you ship to Australia. I noticed that you have one item that does ship to Australia. Could I order this item?
Am I able to order a mirror image? I need to have the long branch on the right side.
How wide is this tree?
What is the width of the trunk on this decal?
What is the distance between the bottom of the trunk and the lowest branch and can this distance be customized?
How tall is this tree?
is this an open or closed system? thank you
I have rather large breasts and am having trouble finding a pump with comfortable shields for my size. How well does this pump work for larger breast?
Does this pump charge after being plugged in or does it have to be plugged in to work?
Can you use Medela or other brand storage bags / supplies with this Dr. Brown's pump?
Is there a hands-free pumping bra that works with this style pump?
Does this come with the storage bag?
Is it possible to get a car adapter to pump while driving?
My last pump is a Medela, so I already have whole bunch of bottles and storage trays. Would this pump able to use the Medela storage bottles?
Can I use just one pump at a time or do I need to use both?
best way to clean?
Does this come fully assembled?
Is there any way to adjust the swivel on the chair...it is leaning forward
What other colors does this come in?
This says it reclines but I don't see any pictures or reviews about reclining. Can you confirm it reclines?
What is the length and width of this chair? (I need an idea of its footprint to see if it would fit in our nursery)
How tall is this chair?
Can I use these directly against baby's skin?
Are they really organic?
Can I put these in the dryer?
Will these work for newborns? Or are they too big? Perhaps, like the name states, these can be folded over to work as doublers?
What brand are these inserts?
How many layers does it have? Are they better than the Alva baby brand?
Are they made with organic or traditionally grown bamboo? The name of the product says 'organic' but the description doesn't. Thanks!
Can I use with bumGenius One-Size?
Will these fit a eco freindly diaper?
How did you prep these? Boiling? Mashine washing?
Does it have ocean wave sound like the previous version turtle?
Which country is it made in?
Which country is it made in?
does this twilight pink ladybug gives off starry blue light?
How many constellations does it project?
Does this seat work well for boys?
Does it fit an elongated toilet
How easy (or difficult) is it to install and remove?
I have seen comments about this being too wide to sit on top of the toilet seat. Can anyone tell me the actual measurement of the widest part of where that lip is on the bottom of this potty seat?
Does it fit round toliets?
I also need to know the longest part of those bottom lips too. Our seat hole is 8.75" wide and 9.75" long and am hoping that this wil. fit.
Does the seat have a non-slip grip at the bottom (the blue color I am seeing in the picture), so it stays in place? Or is it all plastic?
I see there is an option for a blue and green seat but what does the "assorted colors" option mean exactly? It is like $3 cheaper than the other two??
What kind of potty hook do you use with this, and where do you hang it from, the seat handle?Some potty seats have hangers built in, but not this one?
does it fit elongated toilet seat (161/2)?
I made my own cloth wipes out of old receiving blankets, so they're fairly thick. Anyone have experience using this with wipes like that?
will this works with tissue (taking the tissues our of its box) like kleenex or any other tissue box brands?
is it 110 to 240v compatible?
can i pour boiling water in it to sanitize it? I just noticed there are tiny mold specs growing on the inside walls.
The video says "pop up wipes" do you have to purchase the kind of wipes made for pop up containers or will any wipes work?
Is this dispenser a warmer as well? When looking for wipe warmers this pulled up as a result, but I don't see any mention of warming wipes.
I am using the Pampers sensitive wipes straight out of the bag and I can never just pull out one wipe. Does this help with that?
Does this product work with smaller wipes like Charmin's freshmates disposables
I use wipes for art clean up and I don't use them every day. Does this container prevent the wipes from drying out better than regular pop up boxes?
does it have a light?
Im looking for a spoon with a handle that i can engrave, is the material strong enought to be engraved?
Thinking about getting these for my 6 month old. Are these good for tiny mouths or better for toddlers?
How long are the handles? Are they good for getting in baby food jars?
what is the top part made of? Is it silicone or plastic?
Is the spoon itself silicone? What is the material?
How wide is the part that swings open?
How tall is the side of the gate?
I just wrote my opening is 63 inches but remeasuring it is 64 inches ? how many extensions?
my opening is 63 " how many extensions would I need?
How wide are the openings between the vertical bars?
anyone successfully use this with a Britax toddler car seat?
Has anyone used this with a Recaro car seat?
can this be used with infant car seat and base?
Will this strap fit larger suitcases such as a 28"??
We have Twins, so this seems like a more cost efficient method over the luggage racks. We have Britax Marathon G4.1 Convertible. Will this work?
Anyone used this with a Diono Radian successfully?
Has anyone used this with a Safety 1st Alpha Omega carseat?
Is this FAA approved and allowed in aircrafts for use?
Has anyone tried this with a Britax Marathon or a Britax Pavillion?
Has anyone ever used this with a Cosco High Back Booster Car Seat?
Has anyone used these on an airplane as your carry-on (after gate checking stroller)? Will bag hook onto the tray lock for easy access to toys/snacks
will the keep the things inside dry if its raining
Will these bags be too heavy for the Maclaren Volo?
Will these fit the Graco FastAction Fold Jogger?
Are these compatible for baby jogger city mini stroller?
is it suitable for stokke? or is it only for umbrella stroller?
does this work on stokke?
Do you ship to PO box?
Is there any physical store that carries this product, to check it out before buying online?
Does this come with the "kit" which usually $100? It's shown on the picture as light blue but want to make sure. Thanks
Hi, can you ship 4moms origami stroller to India..?
Can this item ship to Hong Kong China ?
Did everyone had such a bad luck with this stroller? Looks like it keeps breaking and having errors? Do you recommend it?
Does the handle bar adjust for tall mommies who don't was to hunch over?
Hi, do you have the box dimension? i want to buy, but first, need to check the box size (not the product size) tHANKS
For a flight that involves 24 hour travel time, if I don't use or charge stroller for that duration, will it work when I reach my destination?
Can I run with this stroller? I want to have morning runs and want to make sure this stroller is made for that.
I need a video monitor that does NOT plug into the wall. No cords. Is this monitor an option? Is the "battery" just a power loss back up?
Can I use this camera with a Samsung Note 3? Android 4.4.2
Can anyone tell me how does the night vision works? Because I bought it, and everything works great but at night I can&Acirc;&acute;t see anything.
Does this work with the Samsung Galaxy?
Is there any way to force the app to run on bluetooth, even though the Wi-fi is available and turned on on my device?
Will this work with the iPhone6?
Is "Withings Home" is newer or similar to this product? I don't find this in amazon. I found Withings Home in apple store.
Can you have several cameras
Is it secure? How are hackers blocked from tapping into the stream? (I have one of these and it is great but am interested in this issue).
hi I bought this device 3 months ago now my baby is coming,and I tried to use it. But there is no BATTERY.
what type of wipes fit in the bag?
does this product have an option to strap it to the stroller (with clips?)? there is no photo of the back of the product so i cannot see.
Are there spots on the side to put bottles in? Or do they have to go in the main compartment&gt;?
what color is the inside of the bag?
Is there a zipper closure for the main compartment? Or is it an open messenger bag style?
is this black and red, or black and orange?
How Does the main pocket shut? Does it have Velcro, a magnet, a zipper, or other?
Is this a pretty standard size diaper bag? I
How long is the shoulder strap? I want to wear it across my chest, not on my shoulder.
Any buyer of this bag can tell me if I can use this for puppy as a dog bag?
Why does this diaper bag have a Prop 65 warning on it? (Under Product Information - Technical Details)
I have a 2 year old and another on the way and need a bigger diaper bag. Will this be big enough to carry gear for two kids?
Will the motor of a medela breast pump starter set fit inside this bag? Is the bottom of bag wide enough for the motor?
Is this bag waterproof?
is it easy to refill the wipe container?
Is the strap and padding of the strap decent quality? I returned the Diaper Dude bag because the strap was pathetically flimsy.
Does it have the strap to use it on your shoulder, like messenger bag?
Is the top the rigid, 'medicine bag' style opening?
What kind of wipes should I buy to fit the case that came with the bag? My wipes won't fit.
Can anyone determine why this would have a Proposition 65 warning? I can't find why this would apply with this bag?
How long are the shoulder straps?
Does it have a padded strap?
Does that main middle compartment have a zipper closure? Magnet closure? Any closure mechanism?
Do you sell the wipe case individually? The one that came in my bag is defective
Is this pump appropriate for exclusively pumping and establishing milk supply?
Is this pump compatible with these bags? http://www.amazon.com/Spectra-Baby-US...
Can you tell me what other brands of storage bottles (for refrigeration and freezing) are compatible with this product? Thanks!
Is this a closed or open system?
was it universal voltage? Fit both 110V &amp; 220V?
HI, is the pump available WITHOUT the tote? Thanks!
Will this pump work with 110V or 220V outlets (dual voltage)?
I read in one of the reviews that this pump was loud. Is this true? I will be pumping in an office where you can hear everything!
can this pump be used in Europe? is the charger dual voltage?
Just ordered this pump. Can you tell me if the tubing 3 three way connector are already sanitized? In the instructions it only says "replace if dirty
Can I have the measurements for the fo
Would this fit in a twiin size bed?
is this for a crib matress...or a twin bed?
Mattres size?
Are the eyes buttons that can be pulled off or are they sewn in?
Can you use the lights and music separated?
does Freddy the frog have auto shutoff?
Can a 12 month old turn on the lights and sounds himself at night when sleeping with this toy, or are the buttons parent-oriented?
Do the stars rotate in a circle?
Does it have auto shutoff?
Does it have volume control?
what type of music does it play? Nature sounds as well or just music?
How many are in a package?
how many came in one pack??
Will these organizers fit the bars in an Ikea Pax wardrobe? The bar is about 1.5" x 0.75"
Are the dividers painted on both sides? I have a small walk in closet for my incoming little girl but the rod is on the right side.
How many dividers does it come with?!
What are this dividers made of?
Does this adapter fit the Original Bugaboo Cameleon? The model befor the cameleon 3?
To clarify--you'd take off the bassinet/seat and use this with just the Bugaboo frame? Just checking!
Do you have to remove the adapter every time you fold the stroller, or does it fold with it?
is this model 80401CI01? Thats the model I need for a Chameleon 3 with a Keyfit 30 carseat. Seems to be the right one but I do not see a model
How easy is it to attach the seat to the adapter?Is it difficult to find the right spots where it attaches or does it just click using one hand? TIA
I would like to know if I have a chicco keyfit 30 car seat will fit cameleon stroller?
is the adapter for chicco car seat work for britax car seat too?
Will this adapter work with the Keyfit 30 MAGIC carseat?
Does this fit the bugaboo FROG (model prior to chameleon)?
Does this fit the Chicco Keyfit 30 car seat?
My bike has a rear rack, but my wife's bike doesn't, but could this seat fit over a rear rack without issue?
I have an Island cruiser(beach bike). Will this seat work/fit?
My bike has a derailleur cable running down the outside of the seat post shaft. Does the clamp allow for this?
Does this seat get hot in the sun? I am trying to decide between Topeak II and Britax (we have Britax for all car seats). Any advice would be great!
Does it fit Most Cruiser bike? I am a fairly short person, just 5"2, so i wuld like to know if i would be able to use it.
Has anyone used this for longer than 6 months? How has the mattress held up? Any sagging?
What side is the infant side? Each side feels the same. It is not marked.
Is the mattress completely organic? Or is just the cover organic? One of the reviews says just the cover appears to be organic?
Some reviews say this mattress is too soft...do you find that to be the case?
is it really organic? There is no information on the box or matress that confirms it is organic? I am worried.
Is there a smell to the mattress when you first get it?
Is this mattress waterproof, or do I need a cover?
Does anybody know if this has fire retardants, and if so, what kind?
In the mattress description it says the dimensions are 52x28 but in the technical details it says the mattress is 27.2 x 51.6. Which one is it?
Does this mattress fit the Pottery Barn Kendall Fixed Gate Crib?
Should it spill when turned over?
where is this cup made
I've read the directions &amp; watched a video on how to assemble, but water still pours out of it when you tip it over. Is there a trick to make it work?
Can the cup be used with the handles removed?
shipping worldwide? (Asia-Taiwan) We have Fedex account, Can you ship to Taiwan?
Some of the pictures show graduated ounce markings on the side of the cup while other pictures do not show the markings. Are oz's on the cup?
I don't want to teach my son to tip a cup upside down or at a sever angle to get liquid. Can he drink from this "like a normal" cup?
why can i buy just 1 ?????
Can it be used with hot or cold beverages?
walmart.com has the same cups but the item discription for the green says that it is glass. Are any of these glass?
the product description says "snaps available." is this listed product the snap version or velcro version?
Do you have Sweet, Bubble, Blossom, Zinnia, Butternut and Ribbit in stock please?
I would like to buy this! but i have a baby boy.. could you send me only neutral or boy colors?? thanks
I've just starting using these - I'm really confused - why is there so much spare material inside? It bunches up really badly or leaves a huge fold.
It says assorted colors - is it gender neutral? I'm having a boy and don't particularly care about the color but would like to avoid pink/purple
Are these the old or new version of the Elementals? Old: layer of cotton sewn into the elastic around the legs
Are these old style or new style elementals? New style you can see the PUL under the soaker. Old style there is a layer of cotton over the PUL
Wanting to make sure this bedding is actually a hot pink? It looks very red in the picture. Thanks.
in the picture the color looks very red, is it more pink in person than in the picture?
how can i get her name on the pillow?
Does it snap onto the toilet? So that it is stable.
Is the pee guard removable?
My toilet seat is cushioned...would this fit over it?
What is the length of the inner lips? We have a small round seat that rejected the arm n hammer seat (10" length)
Does this seat have a loop to use the Potty Hook on the side of the toilet?
Is it easy to remove? The bathroom is shared, and I want to make sure my 9 yr old can take the seat off.
I need a high pee shield for a boy. Does this keep pee from spraying?
Is it all hard non porous plastic?
Can this be washed in the dishwasher?
how does this fit on an elongated toilet seat..the one i have now moves around too much and scares my 3 year old
Could you attach to a wooden chair?
Is this only good for babies up to 5 months old? Or could it also work for babies older than that?
Does this mobile project lights on the ceiling that rotate?
Can you attach this to pack n play?
can you attach this to the wall?
How do you change the batteries? The screw of the lower compartment (which seems to house them) can't be opened by normal screwdriver.
Can this be hung from a ceiling and still work properly?
Does the light operate independently from the music/motion?
Can the sound be turned off while keep mobile movements on?
How do you turn the wings from the black and white side to the color side? Do they need to be unscrewed/rescrewed or just pulled out/clicked back in?
Will this REALLY take 1-3 months to receive?!
I have a Mazda truck. Radian R120 wiggles more than an inch. Other brand car seat works fine. Wonder if angle adjuster would make seatbelt tighter?
Can this be used for other brands of rear facing convertables as well?
Is there a reason the product description says for children 1 year and older? Can I use this with my 8 month old assuming her head control is fine?
can this foam adjuster be used forward facing to recline the seat?
Does it come with its own instructions for install?
Does this work on the Rainer model? I think that is just a newer version of the Radian.
If my baby falls asleep, is it easy to remove the adjuster so she can be reclined? I'd ajust the latch properly, of couse. Is it as easy as it sounds?
How does this work on leather seats?
How long does this last before it's squished? Should I order a bunch if I'm planning to RF my 20lb kid all the way to 45?
How far back does this chair recline? Does it become flat?
what is the color of the fabric? It looks off-yellow? i.e. is it ugly? Thanks!
Are the bearings covered? Does the chair glide quietly or does it squeak?
Does this model have a locking mechanism?
What is the width between the arms, specifically the part of the arms towards the front of the chair.
Does the fabric of the arm rest attach to the frame? some of the other models look like it is flapping in the breeze.
How difficult and time cosuming is it to assemble and disassemble? Would it work as a travel bed?
Another question - What sheets fit the bassinet mattress?
Can you use this as a bassinet or is it strictly for napping?
Do I need to get a separate mattress? Did any of your get the bouncer attachment as well? If so, is it necessary?
Will these fit on Honda pilot seats???
what size are the mats?
How many are in a package - 1 or 2?
Can you use these for rear facing car seats - on the front side of the back seat?
How long are the Velcro straps at the bottom of the protector?
Is there a manufacture warranty for this product? If so for how long?
Is it consistent or it changes the temperature every time? Can you fully trust it?
Can it be configured for Celsius reading?
Is it convenient to use this thermometer on yourself - in other words "self-use" and not to use on another individual?
Does the display change color depending on the temp being measured? ie turn red for fever, green for normal?
Does come with a protective case or holster?
Is the product for use in adults as well as children?
Does it also measure ambient / room temperature like the one offered on QVC ?
Is it good for 7 weeks baby?
Can i get temperature in Degrees?
Would it be secure to hook to a Granite breakfast bar? It is approx. 2.5 inches thick and there is approx. 14 inches depth (or hang over)
Would it be safe to hook on to a glass table of 10 mm, less than half an inch thick?
Would this work with a table that has a lip? The lip is about 1 inch from the edge of the table.
What is the max weight it holds?
Does this model have the clips instead of the velco? A reviewer recieved velco instead of the clips posted in the pics.
What color is Inglesina?
We have a flat, no "skirt" bar top. Do clamps get super tight to secure the seat from the child pushing off under wall preventing sliding of bcwards?
How well does the seatbelt hold the baby in, especially skinnier babies?
What color is the Liquirizia and the Marina? It's hard to tell from the pictures.
Does the chair fit securely,or do you feel like it shifts,slides out at times, or could be pulled off by another child? I have a wooden table.Thanks!
My bar area has a very short lip that sticks out from the wall (3") is that enough to hook the chair onto?
Does it have a 5-point harness. Has anyone used it with a 4-month baby?
My table has a skirt 4 inches tall right at the edge would this seat fit?
Our table is 3 3/4 inches thick. Would this chair work for us?
How many pounds will this chair support?
Curious which color is the "black" Graphite or Liquirizia?
Would it be secure to hook to a Granite breakfast bar? It is approx. 2.5 inches thick and there is approx. 14 inches depth (or hang over)
Would it be safe to hook on to a glass table of 10 mm, less than half an inch thick?
Would this work with a table that has a lip? The lip is about 1 inch from the edge of the table.
What is the max weight it holds?
Does this model have the clips instead of the velco? A reviewer recieved velco instead of the clips posted in the pics.
What color is Inglesina?
How compact does this fold up for storage/travel? How much does it weigh?
How do you wash the cover? The information here on amazon says hand wash, but several bloggers say they have machine washed it, just not how.
Any recalls on this product?
The twins that will use this chair are big at 7 mo. How long can I use it? weight or height limitations?
Would the arms damage a dining room table?
Does this chair work on a table with an apron? I have just 2.5" of table edge then a 3.5" tall apron.
Is liquirizia &gt; black?
weight limit
Has anyone uses this for a baby who is not sitting up on their own yet? My son is 5 1/2 months and not quite there, but we need to use this soon.
What is the min. length from the edge of the table the rubber clamps underneath can go? I have only 2 inch of depth until a 5" height apron
Would it be secure to hook to a Granite breakfast bar? It is approx. 2.5 inches thick and there is approx. 14 inches depth (or hang over)
Would it be safe to hook on to a glass table of 10 mm, less than half an inch thick?
Would this work with a table that has a lip? The lip is about 1 inch from the edge of the table.
What is the max weight it holds?
Does this model have the clips instead of the velco? A reviewer recieved velco instead of the clips posted in the pics.
What color is Inglesina?
Would it be secure to hook to a Granite breakfast bar? It is approx. 2.5 inches thick and there is approx. 14 inches depth (or hang over)
Would it be safe to hook on to a glass table of 10 mm, less than half an inch thick?
Would this work with a table that has a lip? The lip is about 1 inch from the edge of the table.
What is the max weight it holds?
Does this model have the clips instead of the velco? A reviewer recieved velco instead of the clips posted in the pics.
What color is Inglesina?
Would it be secure to hook to a Granite breakfast bar? It is approx. 2.5 inches thick and there is approx. 14 inches depth (or hang over)
Would it be safe to hook on to a glass table of 10 mm, less than half an inch thick?
Would this work with a table that has a lip? The lip is about 1 inch from the edge of the table.
What is the max weight it holds?
Does this model have the clips instead of the velco? A reviewer recieved velco instead of the clips posted in the pics.
What color is Inglesina?
Would it be secure to hook to a Granite breakfast bar? It is approx. 2.5 inches thick and there is approx. 14 inches depth (or hang over)
Would it be safe to hook on to a glass table of 10 mm, less than half an inch thick?
Would this work with a table that has a lip? The lip is about 1 inch from the edge of the table.
What is the max weight it holds?
Does this model have the clips instead of the velco? A reviewer recieved velco instead of the clips posted in the pics.
What color is Inglesina?
We bought this about 4 months ago from amazon, but the stitching is coming loose on one side. Is there a warranty from the manufacturer?
What is the ideal age for this chair? Would it be worth the investment if my twins are 1?
can you use this on a round table?
Does this one work with the fast dining tray?
The main table I am planning on using this hook on high chair has a 2-inch lip and a 4-inch skirt. Do you think this will fit on this table???
What is the recommended age to use with children? Meaning what is the youngest and oldest based on typical averages?
How far do the clamps go into the table? We have a leaf and are concerned that the gap between the edge of the table and the clamps is not big enough
Will this work on a bar/counter with a very small lip?
Is there a harness system?
Does anyone know the size of the umbrella (eg. the diameter)? I found this important information missing, even at Inglesina website!
Has anyone used this umbrella on Baby Jogger City Select stroller? Will it fit? Thanks.
Does anyone know what the spf rating is?
Does the parasol somehow fasten onto the stroller? If so, how? There doesn't seem to be any explanation of this in the product description.
"universal" parasol fit the Britax B-agile stroller system?
What are the dimensions of the cot (especially length)? Some reviews complain of size, and dimensions are not listed.
Will this bed tip over if baby leans to one side?
Fits 7 year old?
Can I pack this in a suitcase?
what is weight capacity of cots?
How heavy is it?
Some other cots I've looked at seem to have a high point or even a bar in the middle. Does this one have any weird lumps or bumps?
Is the cot padded or cushioned?
This stroller says its not to be used for jogging?! What?! Has anyone used their Elite for jogging? How does it handle? Are there safety concerns?
is this stroller comfortable for baby under 6months?
Does anyone know the vertical height of the handle from the ground at the smaller and largest setting? Is it easy to adjust?
Does anyone know the height of the seat back? My 3 yr old is very tall and this has been my biggest challenge with finding a stroller that works. Thanks!
Hi, sorry for asking the question again: Does this model has a handbrake, and if so where is it installed (at the pictures it does not look like)
Can the Baby Jogger Glider Board fit the Baby Jogger City Elite Stroller?
Does the seat part ie the material come off to allow bassinet accessory to be attached to just the frame?
Can this be turned into a double jogger if so where can I buy attachment
What is the difference between this model and the Citi Mini GT?
How tall of a child will fit in the stroller? We need a stroller our older child (50") can use if he gets tired walking.
What song does the mobile play?
this does come with the music mobile?
Can you buy extra valances to match this crib bedding set?
Is this comfortable when worn as a backpack? I have a diaper bag and when converted to wear on ur back it sits slanted and it's uncomfortable
to moms who own the Oyster/grey bay, does it STAIN/get DIRTY easily?? Does it wash off/able to get dirt &amp; stains out easily?? thanks! :)
Is the little pouch that comes with the bag an insulated bottle holder? Does it keep milk warm and or cold?
How many pockets are on the inside? Is it heavy?
Will the changing pad, bottle holder, small bag and a pair of clips come with the bag?
Would you say this bag would be waterproof or water resistant? If we were caught in rain would it soak instantly?
Moms who have the oyster/grey bag, does it get Dirty/stain easily? does dirt come out when it's washed?? thanks! :)
to mothers who own the oyster/grey bag of this series, may I know the colour of its interior lining?
I realize this is new bag My question is if This bag original or imitation?
Are there extra sheets available to buy?
I'm wanting to buy a rug to match. Would a lavender rug match better than a pink?
do you have any bedding for gliding crib?its small size L95 x W50 x H81cm
What is the measurment of the Quilt?
What is the measurment of the comforter?
Hello measures crib is 29 inches wide by 54 inches long, the sheets will be girls?
Isn't the comforter supposed to be long enough to touch both ends of the mattress? I have 6 inch gap on one end...
Does the new design fit the Dr. Brown bottles now?
Does this work with Medela bottles? I tried figuring out size online and cant seem to figure it out.
WILL AVENT WIDE 9OZ BOTTLES FIT?
will this work with a dr. brown's bottle - not the "wide" version?
Does this fit Comotomo?
Are these breathable?
Can I use for mini crib 38x24 ?
Can I use for mini crib 38x24 ?
Hi. Does ths bumper fit a Graco Lauren Classic crib? Thanks.
Will this work for a crib that does not have slats on all sides? I have a Lolly&amp;Me Delaney crib that has a solid piece in the center of one of the lo
Do you need to wash prior to first use?
why it doesn't ship to Maryland?
Is this product sprayed with a chemical flame retardant?
Hi, is the filled material organic as well? or is it foam?
Does it have extra straps that I can screw on to my dresser? Or how are you supposed to secure to the top of a regular dresser?
Is it really 32.5" long? Some reviews say it is actually longer. Trying to fit a smaller BabyLetto change table and am concerned with length.
Oeuf recommends to "use with a waterproof cover" but all I see on Amazon are waterproof pads. Any suggestions?
Do you need a cover for this changing pad or can you use it as is?
What brand of cover works best?
how is this attached to a non-Oeuf changing table or dresser?
I've had this pad airing out for 6 weeks it still seems to have a strong chemical smell. Does this smell go away? Could it be a defect with this pad?
Do you really have to use a waterproof cover with this pad? It says that the pad has a wet proof cover...
Is there any indication/label on which is the soft side for toddlers vs. the firm side for infants?
Does this mattress fit in other cribs? I have a DaVinci Jenny Lind (54.8 x 30.4 x 41.4 in.) and I want to be sure it will fit.
Does this baby mattress have inner springs? I am looking for one that has no springs, just solid foam or foam-type inside.
Is this mattress true to the size posted on amazon?
do you need a mattress pad with this mattress?
Is this mattress waterproof?
Once the extension kit is attached, can it be detached?
Can you put together more panels than 8; i.e., an 8-panel + 2 extension kits?
How wide are just the two ext. pieces?
Can I make a long straight gate if I put these together? I need 9 feet
what are the pieces made of? it looks like metal but i can't tell for sure
Does this fit into the Colorplay ultimate?
Do you think this will fit in my Honda accord as a rear facing seat without obstructing my rear view horribly??
Does anyone know of a travel bag that fits this seat? Looking to take it for air travel and have it gate checked. Anything other than the really expensive wheelee they are selling?
Can this car seat be used in Canada?
Anyone have experience fitting this in a Jetta? (Ours is 2002).
Does the anti rebound bar "work" if the seat is rear facing in the middle? I have an SUV w a low box btwn the driver and passenger front seats. Thanks
Has clek changed the "annoying" harness release lever "hole"?? Is there any improvements/differences between the 2013 and 2014 models? ty!
A lot of reviewers complained of fwd facing "head slump" Can this be avoided by reclining the seat? Isn't that how other car seats work? ty!
Would this be comfortable for a 9 month old baby? also, how does it fit rear facing in a lexus RX350? Thanks!
Any input on cleanability of major incidents that cannot just be wiped off (think gastro, vomit galore)?
A lot of reviewers complained of fwd facing "head slump" Can this be avoided by reclining the seat? Isn't that how other car seats work? ty!
Does anyone know of a travel bag that fits this seat? Looking to take it for air travel and have it gate checked. Anything other than the really expensive Weelee that they want to sell? :)
is this carseat difficult to rethread and install? would it take up a lot of room in a lexus RX350? Thanks
I want to know if anyone has installed this seat in a 2001 Isuzu Rodeo and where did you place it? Thanks
What is the level of flame retardants/chemicals on the fabric? Is it Oeko-tek certified?
Are 4 - 6 yr olds still comfortable in this seat?
Can the seat cover be easily removed to machine wash it? Our Diono Radian seat cover needs to be washed regularly and is a pain to remove and replace.
What is the height and weight limits of the seat?
where is it made?
will this work on the new VISTA 2015?
Please confirm this will fit the Uppababy Vista 2014 model? I'm having trouble locating last year's Maxi Cosi car seat adapter. :(
Would this fit with the VISTA 2015 and Maxi Cosi Mico car seat?
Will this work on the older model - Uppababby Cruz 2014?
Is this adaptor compatible with the Uppababy Cruz 2014 and the Cybex Aton 2?
The Nuna website claims that these will work for the Nuna Pipa - has anyone had success with this?
It claims on the Nuna website that this adapter will work for the Nuna Pipa - has anyone had success with this?
Will this work with the Nuna Pipa?
Does this adapter work with the Maxi Cosi Pebble?
Are these different than the adaptors for the Vista? Thanks!
Baby Gismo review says the stroller weights 15lbs, while the listing here says 19lbs. Now, 19 is a lot more than some other umbrella strollers on the market. So, which is the right weight?
What material are the handles made out of, plastic or neoprene?
What material are the handles made out of, plastic or neoprene?
Does anyone have the "Eclipse" color? I have a little boy and want to make sure this is truly blue and not more purple in person.
Could this be used in front of a fireplace?
What is the exact width between the vertical bars?
Is there a way to mount one side to a banister without drilling holes? Possibly purchasing another product?
I'm having trouble fitting parts H and I on the bottom of the gate. There almost seems to be "extra" plastic in the channel that's not supposed to be
Is this gate able to be used outdoors (for the top of deck stairs)?
The description implies you can use two extension - but the extension itself says "one extension per gate". Can I add two?
Can both sides of the gate, the hinge side and the locking side both be mounted at 90 degrees? A hand rail won't let me mount between the stair posts
The gate looks to be a "stand alone" yet when I read the reviews it seems as thought it's fastened to the wall or stair post. Which is it, please?
How much does the hardware adjust? Can one side be mounted strainght (like most baby gates) and one at a 90 degree angle (the front of a wall)?
Does this work with wrought iron banisters?
how wide will this gate enclose
Can this gate be mounted to a perpendicular surface, i.e. in a doorway?
It says it's 31 inches high. Does that include the wall brackets? We only have 31.5 inches between our banister and our base board.
Does this gate close automatically if left open?
when you open the gate - do you have to step over something like a bar at the bottom (as seen on most gates) or does the whole thing open up?
Do you need an additional mounting kit? It says they're frequently bought together, but that makes no sense if this is intended for angles.
For top of the stairs I have wall on one side and a metal banister on the other. It's 51" wide. Do you think this gate will work for this combination?
Do you know how much space is between each bar? I have a chihuahua and don't want him to squeeze through. Thanks!
can you use the Y spindle for gate installation from Kidco to install this to railing ?
Can the gate be opened with one hand?
The product specifications on this page say the gate is made of wood, but the reviews and the kidco website say metal. Which is it?
Is this gate any different than the more expensive "hearth" version?
What are the actual dimensions of each of the panels? no where in the description does it say. How adjustable are the angles you are able to connect them? Does it have specific grooves the need to line up (10,20,30,40 degrees)? or can it be adjusted to...
Is this gate safe to use in front of a fireplace? What is the difference between this product and the hearth version?
Would the gate last if used outside? We're looking to close off a wide opening on our deck.
Is there a banister kit available that would be safe to use with this model?
My space is only 78 inches, is there any adjusting this to fit or does it have to be the 83inches?
How wide is this gate? We bought the hearth one for the fireplace and saw this for $30 cheaper and wanted to buy it for a double door way
What are the exact measurements between slats ? Thanks.
If the baby pees or poops mid-change, will it just run off the pad since it's non-absorbant?
till what age could be used
When it gets hot does it get sticky? Like fake leather gets sticky when it gets hot.
Does this have flame retardant used on it?
what type of batteries are needed and how many please?
Is this analog or digital?
Are both units portable or just the parent unit?
Are power adapters included
in the Technical Details they said it doesnt need batteries, so it need or not, and is it rechargable?
Will this wok for 220 voltage?
Are power adapters 110V only? or 220V available?
what does the size 1rx and 2rx mean please?
Can this unit run on batteries alone? Looking for a monitor for camping trips!
If you put rechargeable batteries in the parent unit, do they recharge when it is plugged in with the AC adapter?
How many pieces are in the single package ?
How do I raise the shade
Does this product fits rear glass of 2007 Toyota Camry?
what is the actual size
Will fit large mini van windows
What are dimensions --how big is it?
Can it be washed in washing machine safely?
Suction Cups don't work on my tile :( Wondering if anyone had a way to work around it? Did command strips work? Something different?
If the suctions don't work, can't you just add some command strips?
Can this be used on a flat wall or just in the corner?
Can someone provide dimensions when folded up?
what"s the max size/weight of the baby to fit this product
What are the dimensions when it is folded up?
What type of diaper disposal plastic garbage bags fit in the dispenser? A roll, or flat singles? Where can you buy ones that will go in there?
How thick is the padding on this item? If I use it on the backseat of a car, would the seatbelt buckle be comfortably cover so it won't be too hard?
what is the size of the wipe case holder?
Have you used this for cloth diapers? If so, can you fit a few all-in-ones in there? I am looking at this as an alt. to a daddy diaper bag.
does the wipe container come with this
What are the materials this is made of?
Is it machine washable? And do the two surfaces combine when folding? (The surface that touches baby and surface that touches bench)
What are the dimensions of the net?
Will the suction cup work on marble walls?
Is the wall mount included?
Does anyone have any suggestions on how to get this thing to stick?? I cleaned and dried the tile in our shower and it still won't work! Help please!
Can you buy just the mount for this?
I bought this and have no issues with the suction cup but have issues with it staying on the hook. Does anyone have suggestions?
What tricks do y'all have to keeping this stuck? I tried sticking it to the tub, the tile right above the tub, and high up on just the tile. Nothing.
Are the toys included?
Can you wash this?
I followed the instructions to the letter. Still, the suction cup would not stay in place. What I am doing wrong? Now my tiles are not quite smooth.
Has anyone tried this with a Chicco Nextfit convertible carseat?
Is this better for gate check or luggage check?
can I use this with a rear-facing car seat?
Has anyone wheeled this to the plane to install the car-seat and stored in overhead compartment?
Does this fold up, like to fit in a backpack or something when not in use?
Has anyone tried a PegPerego Sip 30-30 carseat in this carrier? Looking for a rolling cover for it.
Will this fit a Peg Perego Primo Viaggio SIP 5-70 convertible car seat?
anyone know if this will fit a chicco keyfit?
Has anyone tried to fit an Evenflo Symphony convertible car seat in the tote?
What are the overall dimensions of this bag? I have an Evenflo Platinum will this fit?
For some reason this gate can be lifted up and opened which makes the lock mechanism kind of useless and my LO will find out soon, any advice?
Does this gate have a stay-open feature? Thanks!
I would like to keep the dog in but allow my 4 year old to pass through. Is it easy enough for a 4 year old to open?
What's the distance between the spindles?
how wide is the opening to walk thru
How wide (in inches) is the human pass-through?
when we opened the box, the latch doesnt extend all the way to the lock to close it. how do i extend the latch so i can close it.
Will the Kidco Y spindle fit this gate? I have a wall on one side of the bottom of my staircase and rails on the other.
so how wide does this product get to when fully extended? It says it includes 2 extensions
Dimensions are listed as 16.6 x 15.6 x 10.8 inches. Is 15.6 the width or length?
Is this seat approved for use in the EU?
How wide is the seat? I am trying to find a seat to fit between a Britax Frontier and a Britax B-Safe, in my 2013 Mitsubishi Outlander Sport.
Where is it manufactured?
Does it have a cup holder? I see one in some models but not others.
All the differents models (Colors) can reclines? specifically the "Ella" Model?
How do I know when it's expiration date will be before buying? (Don't want to get one that's only good for a year)
Can i use this for a new born??
Is the fabric machine washable ?
can I buy ,if I have a child 4 years old.can I use it?!
Is this product approved by FAA?
installing in an older car without latches
Has anyone actually used this seat on an airplane? How heavy was it to lug around? Easy install and fit in coach seat?
Does it come with the LATCH system?
The dimensions say 17inches wide, but that looks like its at the bottom of the base and that it may get wider near the actual seat, is that so?
can this be used for an infant?
What is the weight limit for forward facing?
Is there a 'stroller' system that I can convert this car seat into a 'sit and stroll' like thing that I can pull through the airport etc.? Thanks!
FOR THOSE WHO USED IT FROM Two months or younger on - did it work well at that age?
please advise if you need other parts for installation in the car?
How much does it weigh? Product listing says 11.6 lb, but another reviewer said 16 lb. Looking for something very light for travel.
Is the seat FAA approved?
can it go rear facing?
Is the seat cover plastic? Thanks!
Is there 4 wheels? Or just the 2 you see in the back? And do those 2 wheels only move back and forth, not all around like caster type? Someone else asked if the seat reclines back at all.. Does anyone know if it reclines?
Since it's spot-clean only, is the fabric easy to wipe clean? Also, what type of fabric is it? Vinyl? Canvas? Does it still look good? Thanks!
Is it BPA/phalate free?
what is the youngest age this is suitable for?
Does the tray come off entirely? Could the chair be used at a table without the tray?
how do I fold it up?
Is this a regular height highchair, or is shorter than table height?
Hi, I love this highchair and am needing it posted to New Zealand, and wanted to know of any cheaper postage options?
I need to know the dimensions of the package. I'm buying from Venezuela
how do you get the bassinet on and also the changing table? HELP!!!!
What is the pinwheel purchase for this enenflo portable babysuite 300?
assembly instructions?
Hello, I would like to know the exact dimensions of the box?
Hello, i need yo know what is the size of the box??? The exact dimensions
When you put the infant level bassinet on, is the fabric at four sides breathable/meshed?
Is the changer removable or does it only rotate down to the side?
Whats is the size shipping? box size shipping?
what are the dimensions of the box the pen, is to calculate the cost of shipping by courier
Mine came without a mattress! can I buy just the mattress and if so, where ??
I need to know the dimensions of the package. I'm buying from Venezuela.
i want to ask its for using from newborn to 24 months or less?
i want to know what is the product's weigth, please inform me about this question
Can this be used as a crib for a baby to sleep in at night?
For how many pounds is the bassinet rated?
How will the item be shipped? What are the dimensions of the package?
Does anyone know the perfect size mattress pad for the pen?
good afternoon I want to know if they come all the products that appear in the photos at that price ???? or just the yard ???
What are the measures of the box and the weight of it?
What are the measures of the box and the weight of it?
Is this a counter/bar height high chair? How tall is it?
up to what age toddler can fit in?
Is this product flame retardant free? also bpa free/
Does this seat have latch system attachments or does it just sit on the seat?
How wide is this seat? Can I fit three seats in the back of my Sonata?
Do you have a diagram showing how the seat belt works with this?
what age group is this seat?
Do the arms come off for putting in luggage for travel?
For those who have flown with these, did you check yours with checked luggage or did you check the seat at the gate? How did you protect it?
What's the maximum child weight
What is the weight requirement for this product?
Have any of you used this booster seat with a Toyota Prius?
Minimum child weight?
I'm not seeing a weight range, just an age range. Can someone help me out with this?
Some reviews say this has lights, others say it doesn't. Do only some version come wth the built-in lights? UPDATE: Just checked. The Washington (which is a DLX) one has lights. That would explain the difference in price. The description section...
Do the cupholders fold in under the seat when not in use?
What are the dimensions of the package box?
do armrests pivot/move to gain access for buckling seat belt when adjacent to another carseat? Looks like maybe Evenflo changed this w new models???
Does the seat have cushioning? Reviews of a cheaper Evenflo booster said the seat was just plastic and fabric cover and we would like some cushioning
is this carseat for a 3 or4 year old
does this car seat come with uilt in seat belts?
Are the cup holders removable?
can kids sleep in it
How do the seat belts work?
how many pieces are there if taken apart?
Is it reclining?
Does the seat belt stay in the shoulder loop when unbuckled? If not, is it easy enough for a child to put it back through when he gets in the car?
How much should a child weigh before using this seat?
Does this item come with seat belt
Are the arm rests vinyl or fabric? Thanks!
Does this come with everything needed to install in a car? Such as a harness &amp; base? Thanks!
at what weight can you take the back off?
Does the belt buckle slide up through the shoulder loop when unbuckled so that you have to maneuver it back to the right place the next time?
Is it possible to mount on an angled surface?
How wide of an entry way does this cover? I'm looking for a gate for a 64 in wide entry - would this work?
I need a gate for a 44 inch doorway. Will this fit/or is it TOO big ????
I have a 30" door - will it fit in this small of an opening also?
I'm looking for a gate to cover 78 inches (6 1/2 feet)...will this fit?
How wide is extra wide?
What is maximum width
Will this gate go down to 33 inches?
Would this keep kittens out of a room or would they slip through the corners? I can not tell from the pictures how big those openings are.
i have 2 opposing walls to install in, but they are offset by ~3inches. will the tension rods still hold well enough for a pair of twins to lean on?
Does this include the car base?
Do the straps on this car seat adjust from the front?
How do I put the infant car seat in place?
Is this complete with wheels?
Does this bassinet can be used as a car seat for newborns? Where can I buy the adapter?
Why are the dimensions and weight so much different than those provided by 4Moms? For example, weight is eight pounds, vs, your six pounds.
Is this the bassinet or the car seat adapter.
is this the 2012 model? how can I be sure, before ordering?
What is the difference between "One Size"and "Birth and Up" size options on Amazon?
Would this be big enough to push an 8 year old around Disney? (62 lbs/50") We don't use a stroller for him normally, but Disney is an exception. :)
Is it big for the mall? Can you remove the padding and wash it?
Will attachments for the 2014 city mini GT (i.e. for the B-Safe infant carrier by Britax) fit this model? I am assuming this is an older model?!
Is this actually suitable for jogging? Looking for something lighter than our BOB for travel.
Description says "Additional product features Height Adjustable HandleCanopyIncludes Seat &amp; Bassinet". Is the bassinet really included?
The product description says "Additional product features: Height Adjustable HandleCanopyIncludes Seat &amp; Bassinet". Is the bassinet really included?
What model/year are your strollers?
What model year is this stroller?
is it suitable for a 4 years old boy?
What model is the City Mini GT single strollers? Are they 2012 or 2013?
Is the baby jogger warranty valid in Australia if bought on amazon?
Whats the difference between birth and one size?
Is this the 2014 version?
The max weight capacity of this one seems confusing. Because I see two numbers on the same webpage. Is it 50 lbs or 65 lbs? Thanks!
How is this stroller for tall parents? I'm 5'11" and my husband is 6'2" and we live in Japan, so we walk a LOT.
Can you actually jog or run with this stroller? It doesn't have the big wheels like the other "joggers"...
Will this fit in a Toyota Camry Hybrid?
I have A newborn and a 4 year old. I prefer not to get a double stroller. Can a 4 year old comfortably stand on the back bar?
Would it fit with britax-b car seat?
Is the material a dark or light gray? Does it heat up fast in the sun?
Is the canopy adjustable - or does it block LO's views?
Hi, if we were to buy this from Amazon, would we get the same model that is in stores now? (2014) or is this an older version?
Does the gray color get too hot for the kiddos?
How much does it really weigh? Amazon says 38lbs. I found several other sites that review strollers and they say 32 or 33 lbs. Thanks!
Does anyone know if an infant carrier is compatible with this double? Thanks!
does anyone know what model year this is? is it 2013?
Will this be ok for a taller 5 yr old? He is 48 inches. Considering for Disney trip (otherwise he doesn't use a stroller). Would ride with a 2 yo.
Will it fit in our Toyota Corolla's trunk? Thanks
Do this stroller fit in Toyota camry? Did anyone has international traveling experience with this?
Would this stroller be suitable for a 4 year old (38lbs) and a newborn with the car seat adaptor? thanks!
Anyone had experience with this stroller in European cities, getting in/out of buses (with/without collapsing), in/out of shops, narrow sidewalks etc?
How easily can you take this on a city bus?
What is the difference between this stroller and the 2014 version? Which one is better?
My husband is 5'11", and he's had difficulties with some stroller handle bar heights. Is this stroller comfortable for a tall person to push?
Does the seat lean all the way back AND does it sit all the way up?
Is this suitable for a new born baby?
Is the sand/stone actually lighter than black like the descriptions show???
Is it easy to handle with only one hand?
For those with the sand stone color...does it get dirty easily?
Anybody have issues with the babies getting too hot inside an all black stroller?
Does this stroller has the easy access to the bottom basket. Like the hooped metal at the back of the basket that allows an easy access ? Thank you
The instructions say this stroller isn't for running/jogging, but does anyone run/jog with this stroller and how has it held up?
Can you add a car seat adapter to one side?
Can you use this stroller for newborn twins?
Is the item for sale really the 2012 model? It's difficult to tell from the photo if it has the updated features.
How is the handling with only 1 kid in it? My 3 yo sometimes walks/bikes/scoots, so only my 19 mo would be in it.
If you use an infant carseat adapter, do you have to remove it to collapse the stroller?
Does this get hot in the summer when walking outside under sunlight? I live in Los Angeles.
Does this fit easily through a single doorway or do you need double doors for it to fit though?
Is this an actual "jogging" stroller? A friend of mine has the single version and said you can't jog w/ it.
Does this go over bumps and cracks smoothly like a jogging stroller would with bicycle tires? Would it ride smoothly over gravel trails?
Hello! Can newborns ride on this stroller?
What are the measurements of folded stroller?
What is the maximum height for a child to fit comfortably in this stroller?
Can this stroller fit through most doorways?
are the tires air tires or plastic?
Hi, we have Honda Civic 2003, I was wondering if the stroller fits into Honda Civic. Thanks
can my chico car seat fit on this? Does it have a tray
Can you snap a car seat into it? I have a Graco.
Is it easy to travel by airplane with this double stroller? Did it easily fit through the x-ray screener at security checkpoint?
What is the difference between one size and birth and up?
how quickly can i receive this item if i order today?
Has anyone found a double snack bar for this stroller?
parent console: Has anyone found an effective parent console for the City Mini GT double?
Can you put two infant car seats, or are the infant prams better?
Does each seat recline individually? In other words, can one seat be reclined all the way back while the other is not?
How well will these wheels hold up on a gravel road? Our gravel road had ruined the wheels on the chicco we have now.
How well do you think it will hold up on gravel? We live on a gravel lane that completely ate up the wheels on my chicco.
This is the stroller I wanted but is this item the 2014 model? I'm willing to buy the black one for this price
Can you ship to Australia???
Can you use an infant car seat adapter on one seat?
is this the 2012, 2013 or 2014 model?
Why is this so much cheaper than the newest version, Baby Jogger City Mini GT Single Stroller $349.99?
Can you use this stroller from birth or does the baby have to be a certain weight/length?
Is it good for an infant?
Is it good for a newborn?
Does this hold ANY type of car seat carrier? Do I need to purchase the piece to be able to insert a carrier?
Is the Baby Jogger 2012 City Mini the latest model?
What is the true weight of this? This listing states 1 lb.
Can you please tell me the dimensions of the shipping box???
Have you found any good compatible handle bar height extensions for this stroller? I know the GT has that built in, but that model is too heavy.
Is this stroller actually good for jogging?
Does this stroller offer a rear-facing option? Or does the seat only face forward? Thanks!
Is there a way to store the city mini gt folded and upright?
I've seen some complaints that kids can't sit up completely straight in the City Mini. Is this an issue with the GT, as well?
I've noticed that there's a front wheel lock issue with the stroller from many reviews. I live in Austrlia, does the warranty cover the front wheel?
What year is this stroller manufactured? Is it a 2012?
does it come with the accessory mounting bracket? and if it does, will that hold my eddie bauer carseat?
Can anyone compare the City Mini to Peg Perego Si? The canopy on the Si is best I've ever seen, and the fold is similar to an umbrella/sits upright.
I have the baby trend flex loc car seat, can i use with this stroller"?
Does the 2012 model have velcro or magnets on the peek-a-boo windows?
How would you describe the crimson color--orangish red, or berry pinkish red? Very hard to get idea of color online, thanks!
Could you say weight and size in package box?
hi, i'm an italian customer, I would like to know if you can ship that stroller in Italy, and the cost of this shipping in Italy? custom duties?
What Bassinet is compatible with this stroller?
Which infant car seat is most compatible?
Will this be well-suited for my 8 month old who is 20 pounds? There is no specification for age range listed with this toy. I wish there was!
Does anyone have a seat that spins easily? At what age can a baby turn the seat even if it is hard to turn?
does it come with the 12 AAA batteries?
Which model would buy jam session... picture number 1 or picture number 3, i thinhk its not the same because the stabilizer tube are difrent
Can you attach other toys to it with links?
Does the "toy" with the hamster wheel light up red? It appears like there are red LEDS on the side, but they do not do anything on ours.
Are the fabric pieces removable for machine washing?
Is this ExerSaucer BPA free?
Hi, I'd like to know the size of the shipping box, thanks.
What is the difference between the stationary jumper and the one that doesn't say stationary
Is this booster smooth on the bottom?
Where is the product manufactured?
Is the seat soft (cushiony) at all, or is it rock hard like most others?
What is the minimum weight for a child using this?
Does this booster use LATCH or is it loose in the car when unoccupied? Thanks
helloe does the seat come with &bull;Belt clip facilitates correct vehicle belt positioning?
Can the booster fit under the seat on an airplane? Or must be stowed in the overhead bin or checked in?
What's the difference between this model and the Evenflo Big Kid AMP No Back Booster Car Seat? Is there a maximum weight limit?
Can someone measure the width of the seat? The width from their website and Amazon look different. Evenflo website says 15in width, but Amazon says 16.5in. Please share the actual width of the seat. Thanks.
Do you need to purchase a seat cover?
is this item 100% organic or are there non organic materials in it?
does it fit the EcoClassica III - Organic Cotton Dual Zone mattress?
What is the flame retardant made of? Also, what is the waterproof portion composed of?
What exactly is included in the set? I don't see the detail in the description. Thank you!
Just to be clear, this is only a storage set. I still need to get separate bottles/nipples for feediing? suggestions? sorry, 1st time Mom-to-be.
Can you verify whether this comes with the select-a-day labeling lids.
This product which contains what? Number respectively?
Do I just need to get the nipples themselves (http://www.amazon.com/Medela-Wide-Ba... or do I need to get the cap for it as well? Just trying to find out what I need in addition to this set to use the bottles for more than storage.
Can you pump directly from the Ameda Purely Yours to these bottles?
can you pump directly into these bottle
Are there special freezers for long term storage of breast milk
Are the storage bags reusable?
Does this set come with the adapters to directly use the storage bags with the pump? It does not appear like it does. Thanks!
Do these come up upper case letters? Or only lower case letters?
Has anyone seen the matching numbers?
Do these come up upper case letters? Or only lower case letters?
what are the dimensions of the letters?
Umm, what do the U and V stand for? For the life of me I can't think of a bird that starts with U or V (unless it's vulture?)
Are medela bottles with breastmilk safe to use with this warmer?
Does this work with Joovy Brand bottles? Has anyone used it with these?
how warm does this unit heat the bottles to?
Hi, I would like to know if it is a 110 or 220 V product. How is the type of electricity plug. Does it works with batteries? Thanks.
Do you really take 3-5 weeks to ship this product?
Will comotomo bottles fit in this bottle warmer?
Can you use Playtex ventaire with this warmer?
Can you use this on glass bottles and if so, does this heat them up well? We use Dr. Brown's glass bottles and their glass is fairly thick.
Can I use Dr. Brown or Avent bottles?
Can you use glass bottles in this warmer?
Does this work on batteries or ac? Thank you!
How long do sounds play?
How many watts is this projector?
Can I buy an adapter to plug this into an outlet? Or do I have to use batteries all the time?
Has anyone had problems with the voice activation? I feel like it's not sensitive enough. I'm not sure if it's common or if mine is defected.
Can you please tell me if the projector spins? Also, is the night light a different feature. I have another sound machine that the only form of night light is the projector and now it won't spin and makes this LOUD jamming noise! So i am wondering if I...
We've had Munchkin replace two of these already for the projector not working after a few weeks. Anyone know how to fix this?
We live in a small house and have two dogs who love to bark. It wakes up the baby all the time. Looking for a sound machine with loud sound?
My timer knob is quite loose is this a defect or does this seem to affect all models. I just don't want it to fall off.
Does the projector HAVE to be on or can just the music/white noise play?
Would this rack hold 8 oz glass bottles?
Is this 12x12x12? It look more like a rectangle. The description only says 12x12x3
Will this work for glass bottles or does it not hold weight well?
Does this drying rack turn or spin like the First Years Spinning Drying Rack?
Does this hold spoons and forks as well? And where should I put them (spoon, fork, and straws)?
Can it hold the Tommee Tippee 9oz bottles and if so how many?
Can this fold down totally flat to put away? I don't expect to use regularly, and this was the only one I could find with "fold" in the description.
can it holds lots of glass bottles
So how long would it take to heat say a 5oz plastic bottle? (cold breast-milk)
Is it design for a glass bottle or PP bottle? which is better for it?
can this be used with tommy tippee bottles?
How does it heat up the bottle if there's no cable from the plug to the adjustable wrap band?
Do you think this travel bottle warmer would work with small 5 oz glass bottles? Thanks.
Does this work with glass bottles??
Can you use this with bottles with drop ins?
Can you plug it in while the car is not running? Will it still warm it on battery power?
does it fit tomme tippe bottles
Could this work with playtex drop ins?
When it's fully closed, what's the size of it? I need to put in my baggage..
What's the width when the pinch guard is NOT installed and the gate is fully retracted? Does the pinch guard prevent the gate from fully retracting?
Does the gate "lock" in the extended length you choose, or does it expand/contract as you open or close it?
Can this be used at the bottom of stairs? If so, how does it mount?
How much wood is between the locking mechanism cap and the top of the gate? Could I cut off a few inches and remount the locking tab piece?
Is this gate sturdy enough to use for a Golden retriever?
How tall is it when stretched to the full 65" long? I need it to fit under a 27" counter.
Can the gate be mounted on an angle or does it need to be straight across like in a normal doorway?
Does the the mounting hardware seem sturdy? If I use it, will it hold or do I need to drill directly into studs for it to stay?
I am having trouble understanding why the gate does not lock when it's fully expanded. If it doesn't lock then does it stay closed? Thanks in advance
Is the mounting bracket on this product designed in a way that I could screw it to the wall?
Are the toys included?
Does anyone know the weight capacity of this item? Trying to compare it to another brand, which specifies that it can hold 5 lbs.
Is the adhesive removable? I don't want there to be permanent residue on my tub wall.
Can anyone tell me exactly what type of plastic this is (eg, polypropylene) or what the recycling # in the triangle is?
The description says it fits openings 26" - 42" wide. Our top-of-stairs opening is 42.5" wide. Could this be made to fit?
Does this gate open and shut for easy access coming up N down the stairs. I"m unfamiliar with pressure gates that don't swing open and shut??
is the mesh actually black? I bought one at target and it has white mesh and I would like to buy two more but am not interested if mesh is black. Than
is this battery operated or wall adaptor?
How long does it take to warm up a refrigerated 5 ounce bottle of breastmilk?
Do you have to add water each time? If not, how long does the water last?
The water pull inside?
Can wide neck Avent bottles fit in it? Natural ones are wider than classic l think.
is it plug 120 v or 110 v or 220 v ?
If the milk is in a drop in liner in a bottle, can it still be used in this?
Does this product sanitize pacifiers?
Can you use it to warm up breast milk in a bottle?
Would this fit tommee tippee bottles??
Are there any lids that go with the Similac nipple/ring set? Like a cap that can go over the nipple/ring (not the bottle screw-on lid)
Do these fit lifefactory glass bottles and the medela plastic bottles?
can i resuse this?
Can these be used with Playtex 8oz bottles?
Can you use nipples from Dr. Brown bottles on the 8oz Similac ready to feed bottles? Or do they have to be these specific nipples?
Can this be used with the 8 oz bottles?
does standard flow mean the same thing as slow flow? I am looking for a medium - ish flow.
Can these nipples be washed and reused
Are these the bigger ones that Similac used to use, or are these the new smaller ones?
do these fit the geber goos start ready to feed glass bottles
Would this high chair be able to be raised high enough to be suitable for a counter height/bar table?
Can I buy a replacement cover ?
Is the footrest adjustable for babys growing height?
Does this chair arrive fully assembled?
Is there a gap between the tray and the child for food to fall into their laps? I've read the peg perego pappa best has this problema, and I was wondering if the siesta has it too.
Is it easy to clean?
We have a 3-ft (36in) high table-top. At the highest position, what is the height of the tray? Would it work for a 3-ft high table?
I noticed a (5-star) review mentioned that the crotch post (t-bar) is removeable. Is this correct?
Can you deliver to china in Shang hai city and how much deliver pay
Can an older child (safely) climb up into this chair on their own?
Is the vinyl cushion removable and machine washable? I find that even wipe-clean fabrics need a real wash once in a while.
Is it really worth the money???
can you buy extra tray? I like to have spare ones so I can put one in the dishwasher and have clean one ready to use.
How high is the tray at the tallest setting/position?
Can the straps be adjusted to prevent a smaller baby from slouching to one side?
What is included in this set??!
What is the difference between the Calma and the Wide Base Nipple? Have you found one or the other to be preferrable?
Has anyone tried using the Calma nipple to transition a preemie from bottle to breast? If so, how did it go?
where is the medela calma bottle made?
Is it compatible with the "pump in style advanced" pump ? Can you pump directly into the bottle ?
Is it possible to sanitize it in avent microwave steam sterilizer instead of boiling or using medela bag?
Can you use the regular bottles with the calma nipples? Or do you have to use the calma bottle and nipple together?
I bought the 8 oz bottle and the cap that goes on the nipple does not close. It seems to be loose. Is it normal or is it damaged?
Does this bottle include the Medela CALMA Breastmilk Feeding Nipple?
can formula be used with this bottle set or just breastmilk?
Does this need a collar, or does it just screw in directly to the bottle.
Why is it leaking?
Has anyone tried using the Calma nipple to transition a preemie from bottle to breast? If so, how did it go?
Does this fit the bottles that come with the Medela Breastmilk Storage Solution set?
For those who felt calma helped baby to learn to latch, how soon did you notice a difference? And how many weeks was baby?
How long can you use these for (age of child)? I don't see any stages?
How often do you have to take apart and wash/sterilize?
Does this fit into the regular medela bottles or does medela have specific bottles for these nipples?
is this nipple difficult to clean?
Will this product fill with the two bottle in Medela Swing Set?
What color is this? It says gray/red/black. Is it a combination of all colors or one of either? It doesn't give me the option to choose
Does this allow adequate air flow for hotter climates?
Can I use this over an infant carseat to use with the Graco Snap and Go or would I also need to purchase the Snooze Shade made just for carseats?
Would this work with a city versa? Also would it keep mosquitoes out?
Do you have to take the shade off to get your baby out or is there a zipper that allows you to get him easily?
It will not work with travel system strollers right (since there is a tray before the baby and that tray would stop the sunshade from fitting there)?
Is this stiffer like a lap pad or like a piece of cloth? Can a 3 mo old sleep straight on it (on his belly) or would it slide and bunch under him?
What is the inner pad made from?
I'm working on a nonprofit that is trying to use this as an actual bed for low income family. Is this material sturdy enough to support a child?
Could 2 be sewn together to make a bigger one?
Can we fold it to put in diaper bag?
what size is this?
Does this help to prevent flat head?
How is it reversible? Is it made of winter material on one side and summer material on the other, or do you turn the cover inside out?
Can this be used with a newborn? Can it be used inside a bassinet, car seat and carriage?
Is it okay if a 4 month old baby use this?
Using this product in stroller during summer will make my baby's head too hot?
I have the chicco keyfit 30. Do you take the infant headrest that comes with the carseat out in order to put this in?
Does this work with the Mamaroo?
Does this cushion the entire body? I'm looking for something to help my boys fit in their stroller a bit early and to make it more comfortable.
Can this also be used in the crib? Is it a one side fits many?
Does this fit all car seats ? I have a peg perego. And is this good for newborns?
Can anyone comment on how this product compares to the Shrunks blow up travel bed?
Does it fit a toddler with 38 inches long &amp; 32 pounds? What are the dimensions of the sleep portion only (exclude bumpers)?
Is this safe for a newborn to sleep in (3 months old)?
We are looking to travel with this on a plane. Can it really be used as one of the carry-ons, or does it need to be checked?
Has anyone bought the suggested carters waterprrof mattress cover with this my son will be in potty training stage when i purchase this
How deep is the inner sleep portion to the top of the bumper, my son is a roamer when sleeping
Will this fit in a large suitcase or does it need to be checked separately? Thanks.
Can someone tell me a specific sheet that would fit on this bed? Thanks.
At what age would you recommend this bed? My son is 18 months and 34 inches tall. Unfortunately, too tall to get much use out of a travel lite crib.
Do the plush sides create a suffocation risk (specifically for a 13 month old)?
Does it have an extension gate?
I have baseboard moulding, can you adjust the top and bottom screws to different lengths or are they fixed?
How large is the space between each bar? I need a gate to keep my cats upstairs in my shared condo so they won't destroy my roommates furniture.
How far does the gate swing? Will it go 90 degrees? Will it go further? Can it be flush against the wall the hinges are installed on?
Can they be used with no drill adaptors such as the KidCo? I have iron wrought balusters which I will need to buy adaptors for to use this gate on.
can you open the latch with one hand and can you remove the gate easily if your not using it ?
1) I need an extra 10in for my wide stairwell. Are there separate extensions I can buy to make it longer?
can this gate be set to a position where it will swing both directions?
Can this be used for the bottom of stairs?
I tried the Kidco G2400 gate which says it's suitable for up to 42.5 opening but it's too short. ? This one says it's for 43.5. Will this work?
Can this be hinged to lay flat against a wall when not in use, 180 degree swing
How wide is the door part of the gate?
The banister at the top of my stairs and nearest stud on the opposite wall are off by about 6". Can it work properly at that much of an angle?
how easy would this be to open for an arthritic grandma holding a baby?
Do I have to purchase the stair installation kit to use this gate for the stairs or does it come with everything I need?
Does anyone who has this gate also have cats? Can they fit through it easily? I have one tiny cat and one fat cat. Hoping the fat one can fit through.
Has anyone used this in a doorway?
A lot of the reviews say to purchase your own (longer) screws. If I want to buy them in advance, what size screws will I need and how many?
does it swing open in only one direction or come with that option so that it won't swing out over the stairs?
What size are the screws that come with this gate to mount it to the wall?
Will it work with the iTouch?
Is the product packed inside a cartoon box?
Will it work for an htc one x phone?
Can use for iPhone 5 ?
Does anyone notice a soapy smell that's hard to get rid of? I noticed it &amp; was extra careful washing/rinsing &amp; still notice the water taste like soap
Is the spout soft or hard?
Do they leak?
Does this cup fit into standard cupholders in carseats? I've found that some cups with handles, do not fit. Thank you!
how hard is it to find replacement spouts?
does the spout come off?
how many parts does it have?
Are the handles removable?
Can I put it in a microwave?
Do these cups come with spout covers?
nipple soft or hard?
Please advise if it's possible just to order the sippie cup lip only for the insulated cups that clicks when it locks?
does the liquid go on the outside of the picture so you can see it? so if there's milk it covers the picture?
How long does the liquid stay cold?
What age is this best for? I have 19 month old who's been using the silicone spout or straw cups with handles.
Are replacement lids available? I have not found any.
does this drip if toddler tips it over?
Does these sippy cups have the rubber at the base of the cover for removal to allow for free flow of the spout. To be used by a child that cannot suck.
Is this microwave safe ?
Imported - are these made in China?
Is this the price of 1bottle or 3 bottles?
Is this a wide neck bottle?
Is this 3 full bottle sets? All pieces included? 3 bottles, 3 nipples, 3 ventilation, rings, and lids?
Can I buy extra sleeves?
are these bottles compatible with medela pump? meaning - can I use this bottle directly to pump using medela instyle pump?
What is the plastic ring that holds the nipple made out of? there should be a # associated with the type of plastic maybe underneath...?
what's the difference between 'wide neck' bottle and standard glass bottle?
Can I warm the glass bottle with the silicone sleeves on?
With the sleeve on, is the bottle protected enough? If a child was to throw it on concrete, would it break?
Are these glass bottles with the nipples? Which nipples it include?
is it 9oz glass wet neck bottle?
Do these 3-packs also come with the vents included?
Can you freeze the born free glass bottles without them breaking? I'd rather not have to use storage bags and transfer milk all the time etc...
Are these BPS free too?
How hard is it to transfer the silicone sleeve?
Does anyone know how to warm up this bottle straightly from refrigerator without breaking it or destorying breast milk's nutrient?
Are there interchangeable travel caps for these bottles? Which brands?
Are this three-pack include the ActiveFlow Venting system ? both 9oz, and 5oz. Thank you .
If you don't have a colicky baby, can you use these bottles without the venting part? Will they leak?
I need a charger for model # 28030 will this fit?
is this 9v???
I need the 6volt DC charger for the Summer video monitor #2800 - will this fit?? We have the video monitor #2800. I ordered a charger on line and it came but was a 7.5 v which is too big.
We have an older monitor model 210A, but are having trouble find a charger that fits the tiny plug on the hand held unit. Any advice??
i have the 02620A 5" monitor, will this cord fit this model?
Does anyone know if this will fit the Summer Infant Best View model 02640?
Does this fit the Summer Infant 20000 model?
Does this fit the summer 7 in wide, 02500 moniter?
I have a summer infant slim and secure #02800, will this adapter work?
Does this stroller lay flat so a 3 year old can lay to nap?
do the seats recline on this stroller?
Will my infants, Britax Chaparone fit in this stroller? Thank you!
What car seats are compatible with this stroller? If I have a newborn, I'd like to be able to just snap in our current car seat like in the pictures.
Will this set fit a mini crib or is it too big?
How was the color on the caterpillar set? Is the green very bright or more sage
Do the crib sheets have elastic all the way around? Or just in the corners?
Does the plate top remove?? I'd be concerned about mold if you can't thoroughly clean the inside part.
Does the plate get too warm/hot outside? I wonder if the baby or me would get burn to touch...
dishwasher safe?
How many ounces each compartment?
Hi! Would this plate work to keep cold foods, fruits,... cold if filled with ice water? Thanks!
Hi! Wondering if this would work for a child with food sensory issues? Would it keep pieces of cut up chicken or hot dogs warm?
Is there a cap?
Can this be put in the microwave after water has been put in the chamber and there is food in the compartments?
How many ounces / cups are the 2 compartments?
Does it get stained by foods like mashed carrots?
I see that the gate self closes and locks behind you but in the video you still have to push the lever down to lock as well. Is this true?
I'd like to verify that this gate is 26" high. I've seen what I thought was the same gate on other sites and it's 29.5", which is more standard.
Hi is that "lock" at the bottom of the gate on both sides so that i can have it as an added security protection? or is it just located on one side?
Could a 4 year old open the gate? We want him to be able to open it, though having it close so our 10 month old gets blocked if need be.
how wide an opening will this accommodate? The top of where i need gate is 40inches, the bottom is 43inches. Also, how wide is the walk thru?
After installing, I can't open the gate. Anyone else have this issue or is it a bad installation?
Does anyone know if there are banister adapters for this one like the Chelsea model?
How wide is the actual opening that the gate provides for adults to come and go through?
Hi! I don't understand why the item weight is 6 pound and the shipping weight is 13?
Does this product have a Prop 65 warning label on the gate or on any of the papers that come with it (ie product registration or instruction manual)?
Do you sell valve replacements for these.?
How does one drink from this spout? My kid can't do it and I tried myself and get nothing out!
Are the spouts on these plastic or the soft rubber?
Do these sippy cups fit in a cup holder?
how do you open the lid
does theses click. lock sippy cup come with leak proof valve cuz the 8 bottles i have all have broken opening valves. do you sell replacements?!!!
ok i need new sippy cup lock click mouth peices where do i order these i have lots of lids and bottles she just cracks the mouth peice after awhile
is this ISOFIX compatible?
When does this model expire?
While rearfacing, does the block your rear view? I read that the Proride model does. I have a camry and like how the dimensions on this model are smal
Will this seat recline?
is this ISOFIX compatible?
When does this model expire?
While rearfacing, does the block your rear view? I read that the Proride model does. I have a camry and like how the dimensions on this model are smal
Will this seat recline?
Does this seat recline at all?
What is the experation date on this? I see below it gives an option for a newer one for 10 dollars more?
Can you remove the entire cover from the seat to wash it?
Can you use the top tether when rear facing, like in Britax and Diono seats?
is this car seat suitable for all kinds of cars? and also i would like to know if the belt is seat belt?
Will this fit in a 2009 Jetta?
Is this car seat easy to install and adjust?If it has a Isofix interface?
How is this "hands-free", doesn't the child hold it to put it to its mouth? Also, I heard it's not to be used as a pacifier.
Is there gel or liquid in it for freezing?
Is this one all one piece or it two pieces like the two tone ones?
Are these made in China? I want baby products that are manufactured in the USA! Thanks
Are the swing out toy trays removable?
Hello, i see your shipping show "This item is also available for shipping to select countries outside the U.S."If i want to ship to china, is it ok?
What is the minimum height for this walker?
Is the weigh limit in the specs correct? It says up to 50lbs but one of the reviews says the box indicates 30lb limit.
Do you ship this article to Colombia?
Could you use this as a laundry hamper in a baby's/little girl's room, or is it too big?
Do you ship this article to buenos aires , argentina? In case you do, it arrives to my home by federal express or i shall pick it up from customs?
Debating between two of these bins of getting the square ones- does anyone know if they are the same material?
Is it foldable or is this storage a hard one?
how much will cost to ship 2 or 3 items to Italy? very interested in the zebra and peacot boxes and Wall Organizer giraffe
Do these storage boxes fit in the Closetmaid 9 cube organizer?
Will it stand up nicely even if I don't place it inside a cube organizer unit? I like the design but i plan to use it on its own.
Where is this box made (I don't buy items made in China if I have another choice)?
Sorry if this is obvious to everyone except me, but do you get ! box for $16 for 3 boxes for $16?
Does the box have soft sided storage, or are the sides rigid? Not sure which is preferable for 1-2 year olds, but wanted to confirm.
Are the storage boxes washable?
Which cube organizer unit is pictured in the second product picture?
Is this item shipped flat or cube?
Hi, do these bins come in a smaller size like 10x10x10?
does it ship folded flat?
what type of batteries does this use? Does it come with the first set?
Dose it project lights on the ceiling?
Why does my mobile turn on by it self wakes my baby
will mobile attach to a pack n play
Is the motor loud? What music plays?
Does it spin?
does this mobile light up?
What age range is the mobile appropriate for
is there a light on this at all?
Will it attach to a co-sleeper?
Hi! Can anyone tell me how many different songs this plays? Also, what is the longest duration the songs will play for? Thank you!
Will it fit a portable crib?
Will this work on the side of a Packn Play Portable Crib?
Can this work on cord power or is it only batteries? Please let me know.
I'm getting a small flashing light inside the soothed and it won't turn on. Any idea what that means ? Or who can I direct my question to?
does anyone know why it was discontinued? any recall issue?
Is there an option to have the lights &amp; movement on, but no songs/noise? -I just want the soothing lights &amp; motion.
Real water inside or not? Some questions/reviews mention real water &amp; evaporation problems, others mention how it just looked like real water.
When the sea creature mode is on, is the motor to do this supposed to be so loud?
Anyway to fill it with more water? Water level has gone down between babies.
I'm looking to use this bottle with a newborn. Is the nipple that comes with the 5-ounce bottle made for newborns (slow rate)?
Do these nipples fit the Avent wide neck glass bottles? Do they fit any glass bottles? Thanks!
The information on top of this page says it is made in USA but the details on product section says its origin is China. Which is correct?
It says that this bottle can be used with the non-spill sippy cup lid, but can the lids be purchased separately?
is this made by plastic or glass? and which one is good for newborn?
Has anyone used Tommee Tippee bottles to compare to the mOmma bottle? My son is super gassy. He seems ok with Tommee Tippee but have heard good things about these bottles.
Does anyone know if this spout would fit on the regular Momma bottle (the non-handled bottle usually used with a regular nipple)?
How many ounces will this hold?
Is the bottle nipple flow slow, fast, medium?
Where is this made?
Can I steam this cup in the sterilizer?
Does the cup have measurements on it?
Are these nipples compatible with Lansinoh breastmilk storage bottles? I only see mOmma bottles mentioned.
Do these nipples fit born free bottles?
At what age do you transition from the slow-flow to the medium-flow nipples?
can someone tell me what number is on the slow flow nipples? i ordered slow flow last year and just noticed the nipples say size 2 on them.
Are these compatible with nuk orthodontic bottles?
Do these nipples fit Medela bottles?
Does anyone have the dimensions of this? Considering buying two IF they can both fit in our 44"x21" tub...
How well does the bather dry? Is that fabric on the outside?
Does this bather hold water? The description says it is porous.
Is it useful for newborns and small babies?
What sheets fit this mattress best? I can't find the correct sheets!
Is the "inner spring" mattress different from the "foam" mattress?
What is the difference between this "inner Spring" mattress and the "foam" mattress besides the slight price difference?
What sheets fit on this mattress? The Graco quilted sheet we have doesn't fit it!
Is this softer than the Dream on me foam mattress?
Will this mattress fit in an evenflow pack and play?
Why is the weight limit 25lbs for this dream on me pack n play mattress?
would this take up a lot of vehicle room? i was wanting to take it with us traveling since he will be sleeping in the pack and play
Is this seriously supposed to fit into a Pack 'n Play snugly enough to be safe? There is a gap on the side large enough for my entire fist.
Does this mattress fit the Eddie Bauer play yard?
Do you have replacement for grace pack 'n play mattress cover?
I have a Graco model 9651VL ... Assuming this will fit well ... ?
Regular portable crib sheets will not fit on this mattress. Any suggestions as to what I can use?
What are the package dimensions?
I am looking for a mattress for the bassinet portion of the Pack &amp; Play...is this the mattress for the bassinet portion or the bottom of the play yard
Can this be used on top of the bassinet part?
Does this mattress correctly fit the Graco Pack and Play ton the go travel play yard?
can you use this mattress in the bassinet part of a graco pack and play?
what sheets do you buy to fit this?
Can you fold up the PNP with the mattress inside? Will it still fit in the travel bag?
Does this crib come with a rail to convert to toddler bed? If not, where could I purchase?
Does anybody know where you can obtain the hardware to convert it to a twin bed? Considering purchasing, but want to have all the pieces in place.
Do you need to purchase rails separately to convert it to a toddler bed?
A few reviewers have mentioned the warning label that says "DO NOT USE A MATTRESS THICKER THAN 2" ". Does anyone know WHY this is the case?
Can you use the dream on me 5" portable coil mattress with this crib?
when will this be back in stock on amazon.ca???
Is anyone using a 3 inch mattress with this crib? How is it holding up? Is it too heavy for the crib surface? thanks!
What are the measurements of the 3 mattress heights? I am trying to figure out if we can use this as a co-sleeper side car on our bed.
The dimensions given are 39 x 23 x 36 inches. Is this correct? I've never found a crib smaller than 24.
where do i get the converter kit for this?
Dimensions in technical details state 25.5x37.5; product description states 23.5 x 35. What are the correct dimensions?
I have a Safetly First pack and this mattress seems like it will fit fine. What kind of sheets will fit this mattress?
Does this mattress fit securely on the top newborn portion of the pack and play, or is only intended to be on the bottom?
Is this mattress firm enough/safe to use for primary sleeping the first month or so?
weight limit on mattress is 23 lbs?
What's the difference between this and the "Dream On Me 3 Foam Graco Pack 'n Play Mattress" that's 8 bucks more? Both sold by "Dream on Me" &amp; PRIME?
I found people used 3 and 5 inch mattresses with it, but I just received my crib and it says no more than a 2 inch mattress can be used. Thoughts?
It says the maximum weight recommendation is 25 pounds. Is this accurate? I want to sidecar it as a cosleeper
A few screws are missing...after a move....any advice as to where to get replacements?
Does it have wheels or no? Thanks!
were can i get sheets and pading for this crib to fit the mini bed most of the ones i see here are for regular sized cribs
Does the mattress rest on springs or a board?
What is the height between the bottom railing and the floor? I would like to put some baskets underneath for extra storage.
Is it built in accordance with new federal safety standards issued by CPSC and manufactuered no earlier than 2011?
how long can a child sleep in this crib for? at what age do they outgrow it?
where do you order the head board when ready to convert to toddler bed
What is the maximum weight that the crib can accommodate? I see 25 lbs listed on this page, but almost all other mini cribs accommodate up to 50 lbs
Which mattress does this need?
Can you lift the mattress up for when they are newborn?
Can the mattress height on this be lifted to make it easier to get an infant out of it (before they start sitting/standing)?
Does this come with a toddler guard rail? If not, can you attach one to it? Also, where do you purchase the twin bed extension?
What type of twin bed frame is needed. I need specifics of what I would need. Thank you
Could a separately-purchased toddler bed rail be attached to this in its day bed set-up?
A Grandparent question: My 20 month old granddaughter can climb out of the pack and play. She sleeps in a crib at home, and I was hoping to find a smaller size crib that would fit in the spare bedroom and still be deep enough so she couldn't climb out....
Can anyone please tell me how wide it is, foot to foot, exactually. I'm trying to fit it in a specific area. thank you
How does it convert to a twin bed? Do you just buy a generic twin frame and somehow attach the crib parts to it?
Davina mini mattress
Looking at this crib in the expresso color, it looks the same as the cherry in the picture, does anyone know if it is actually expresso?
Does this come with the toddler day bed conversion slate?
How is the flat plane that the mattress rests on attached to the sides of the crib? Is this sturdy enough for a toddler to jump and flop in?
Does a standard crib mattress fit this crib even though it is a "Mini" crib?
How much space is there between the floor and the bottom of the crib (exact measurement of height for storage under the crib)? Thank you!
Is the weight capacity of 25 lbs mentioned in the specifications the maximum weight when this is set up as a mini crib?
Is this solid wood or particle?
What is the distance from the floor to the holes for each of the three height settings?
What type of surface does the mattress rest on? Is it like a grid wire supports?
Can you cook meats in this?
I just received this today and noticed that the bottom of the water reservoir seems to have rust spots. Anyone else notice this?
Does this products 2 speeds really make a diff.? Does the faster speed puree most foods easily without having to chop veggies/meats fine or re-blend?
I used it to heat the potatoes,and the green light is illuminate,but there is no change on the food&#x3002;Is there something wrong with the product?
is it bpa free plastic? sorry to be so anal as to ask that!
220V or 110
How can I order a replacement canister? Mine cracked and now leaks.
Our base cracked after 3 uses... Is this a known defect?
Can this cook and puree short grain rice along with vegetable/fruit of choice?
I just tried to use it, but it won't turn on (green light does not illuminate) - has anyone had this problem?
How many ounces does each spot hold?
where are these made?
Is the lid made from 100% silicone too or just the tray?
Can this go in steam disinfection?
The box clearly says it holds 9 1oz cubes but all the answers here say it holds 2oz cubes. Which is right?
can you buy just the covers/lids?
is it totally made out of silicon or is there plastic
What are the dimensions of the cubes?
can this go in the oven? would like to melt crayons in it but don't know if oven safe.
Are these made from 100% silicone? As in when you twist it does it turn whiteish?
Is it useful for 6 month old baby food?
microwave
Can anybody compare this to the baby bullet? Can I use this to make a pur&Atilde;&copy;e? Thanks
Include Spoon?
Where is it made? All USA.?
Why it can't be shipped internationally this week?
Can this be put in a steam steriliser?
Just wanted to make sure..are these BPA free? Saw some mixed reviews. Thanks!
Is it BPA-free?
Before buy NUK grinding bowl, not with the packing of the qr code, is the packaging NUK, change the packing?
How much liquid does this hold?
Are these BPA free?
I just got this and can't get the popsicles to come out on the stick. I'm using stage 2 mixed fruit. Any suggestions?
What is the country of origin? Thank you
Will the Moonlight Slumber Little Dreamer Dual Firmness all foam Mattress fit inside this crib? What are the inside dimensions?
Does the mattress come with the crib?
how many levels I can put the mattress
What is shown in the picture underneath the mattress? Is that a box spring?
Can you use a bumper with this crib?
whats the size of the package box thats going to be send in?
Can this crib convert into a full size bed?
What is the height of the front rail?
Can I attach both car seats to stroller at once
do the car seats come with the head supports?
does it come with cup holders for front and back seats to latch the car seats too or do you have to buy and extra piece
Is this Click Connect, classic connect or neither? how do the Seats attach to the stroller?
Do the car seats come with bases?
Does this inlclude the in car base for the seats?
what carseat base do you order, anything graco?
how easy is to set up and take down?
Can the babies face each other?
When was it manufactured?
Does this stroller work well in snowy weather? I'm looking for an all weather one. Thanks!
can you remove the seat cover to wash?
Is this a good one for cobblestone hilly cities? Like Lisbon, Portugal?
Are the handles height adjustable for taller people?
How is the canopy coverage for this stroller?
Does the canopy provide good sun coverage ?
how about its package shipment size ? length width height inches ??
could I use this with a two month old?
how does it compare to the uppababy g-luxe?
Does it come with a rain cover??
Are these bottles made of glass or plastic?
Are these made in China?
Is it made in China?
Is this galss bottles? Are they made in China?
can we use microwave sterilizer for plastic bottles sterilization?
what is the level of these nipples&#xFF1F;
.Do the vents come with the bottles or do I need to order them separately?
that material is plastic or glass?
are these bottles made of glass?
Is this a PP bottle or PES bottle ?
What's the nipple level of 9OZ? Can I choose level 3?
Can the bottle use these nipples?http://www.amazon.com/gp/prod...
How do I specify that I want level 3 nipples?
Is this the last model? Check the wheel - reflective part is round or triangle
Is it come in the box? If so, how big is it? Because I want to know if it's okay to bring it abroad with the box
i saw there is a car seat adapter. Where can i find one. For me it will be neccesary.
includes car seat adapter?
How much protection does the sun shade give? How does this model compare to the Quest model?
I wonder if you send to Panama and there are additional cost. Thank you
Is this stroller good for tall people? Hubby is 6' 3" Can you adjust the handle height?
Does this "climb" stairs frontwards?
Please tell me if handles are adjustable for different heights since I am 5.3 and my husband is 6.7?
I saw comments from owners of Techno (XT or XLR model) that kids will slide out from seat because seat is not deep enough for large or heavy toddler. it his correct?
is the tray easy off, easy on
Is this a model upgrade from 3 point to 5 point harness? Does it recline enough for an infant? Is the non removable snack tray a pain, can you fit chair at dining room table with that snack tray still attached? I need to buy 2 chairs and want them to...
My 15 month old grand daughter likes to rock and bounce of the back of the chair. Do the wheels have locks to stop them ?
Does the tray table pull right into the baby's belly?
I have a large one year old (28 lbs) , does this high chair offer enough belly and thigh room for baby?
Can this chair adjust high enough to be with us at the kitchen island (higher than the standard dining room table)?
Does this highchair fold?
is this seat air travel approved? (faa approved)
My 5 month old weighs 13 lbs. She doesnt fit in this yet...... how can a 5 lb baby fit and she doesnt???
is this car seat approved in Canada?
Does this seat recline enough to keep a toddler's head from flopping?
Can anyone measure the height from the seat to the maximum harness position for this seat? My daughter is TALL but still needs the 5 pt harnes.
I have a small Nissan Sentra. Hubby is tall. Will this fit in our center seat without him sitting uncomfortably?
How long is the expiration date on these car seats....will it last until she's out of the booster if she's 1 now?
Does this car seat recline?
Is this car sear LATCH equipped?
I can install this car seat only with belt buckles?
can u remove the car seat from the base?
How packable is this booster? We would like one we can pack into a suitcase.
Is the Leo booster grey or beige color?
Do the arms of the booster slant out sideways adding to the 15" width? How wide is the seat from the outside of one arm to the other?l
Is there a strap to position the shoulder strap of a seat belt, like the BubbleBum Inflatable Booster Seat has?
When does the booster seat expire?
Are people receiving their seat with "Cosco" branding on the front of the cushion or without it? I prefer not to have the branding as in the picture.
How wide is this seat? Can I fit three seats in the back of my Sonata?
Is this compatible with Safety 1st Saunter Travel System?
I have an Eddie Bauer carseat with base manufactured in 2011. Is this base compatible with the carseat?
why is it needed in addition to seat?
Is this compatible with COSCO comfy carry car seat, model IC021 BWM?
Is this compatible with the Saunter Sport LX car seat
I have a 1998 Suburu that has a center shoulder strap seat belt, but none of those metal rings behind the seat...to clip to. Will this work?
Is this compatible with any Eddie Bauer car seat?
does this base come with the latch belt?
Some reviewers complained that their baby seat would not latch - the locking clips were backward or didn't match their baby seat? How do I make sure?
is this compatiable with the comfy carry elite by Safety first?
Does it come with a base seat?
What's the maximum baby height for this seat?
Does this come with a complimentary seat base? Is it compatible with the Kolcraft contours optima tandem stroller?
Does this have a latch system or does it install with the vehicles seatbelt instead?
Does anyone know if this car seat works with baby trend's sit and stand strollers?
The fabric of the car seat.... Is it a cottony fabric or is it more of that funky material that jogging suits are made out of?
Do the straps adjust from the front?
does anyone know if this will fit in a 2013 mini cooper? yes or no?
Is an extra base available for this car seat?
did anyone else notice that in the description it says ..."Adorable toy arch with winnie the pooh, tigger,and eyesore" instead of Eyore
Does this come with the mattress or do you have to buy it seperately?
How sturdy is the changing station? I've noticed other Pack N Play changers sag causing baby to roll to the edge.
Does it fold
I'll need to travel across country for the holidays with a four month old, is this a good travel crib for nights needed to stay at a hotel?
Until what age/weight can my baby play in this play yard?
I need a thicker mattress for vacation sleeping. Which pack n play mattress will fit this one?
When folded up, does everything fit easily into the carry bag? Also, does the mattress secure around the frame for transport or just go into the bag?
which are measures of the shipping box?
What sheets should you use with this pack and play?
does it come with a mattress?
I do not understand the dimensions 28x8.5x9 what are they measuring I need the width X length X height can anyone help me
Can you please confirm the INSIDE height, from floor of play yard to top of rail? Thanks!
Where can I get a replacement folded mat for the bottom??
What are the measurements on this playpen when set up? Especially what is the measurement from the bed to the top rail? Thanks!
Doest it have diferent levels of matress?
what size sheet?
Can you tell me if this playard has a chemical or plastic smell?
weight limit?
lost instructions, how do you lock in the rails?
I was told today that the XRS 65 was Recalled. Is this true?
Can you use this car seat on an airplane?
Is this carseat metal reinforced?
Is the cover/cushioning removable and machine washable?
Can this seat be used without a base? Because it will be used mostly in taxis, I've found I can get car seats in and out a lot faster less the base.
Has anyone had issues with the chest harness clip "melting"? Mine looks like it may have bent. Instead of being straight, it was curved! Now I am paranoid!!
Is this carseat adjustible at the base? Want to know if we can tilt at an angle while our child is rear-facing.
Does it have a strap to hold the seatbelt at the correct height?
How is this secured? Latch system? Is it just sitting on the car cushion, and the seat belt goes over the child?
Can someone tell me the dimension of the base? How wide is it where it sit on the seat? I have very narrow sports seats and normal boosters don't fit
Exactly how wide is the base across from side to side at its widest point? Thank you.
Anyone Knows the size of the box the seat comes in?
Is it narrow? Reviews stated that the seat fits well in small cars, others said it is a narrow seat and others said it is a huge seat? So which is it? We have a Diono Radian which is really narrow. Need an extra seat that is easier to move from dad's...
Is this easy to install - especially in different vehicles?
how does it hook to the car?
Does this seat fit on an airplane?
Is this a rear facing and front facing seat, or just front converting to booster?
How does this seat recline when in a forward facing position?
Does it come with a base seat?
What's the maximum baby height for this seat?
Does this come with a complimentary seat base? Is it compatible with the Kolcraft contours optima tandem stroller?
Does this have a latch system or does it install with the vehicles seatbelt instead?
Does anyone know if this car seat works with baby trend's sit and stand strollers?
The fabric of the car seat.... Is it a cottony fabric or is it more of that funky material that jogging suits are made out of?
Do the straps adjust from the front?
does anyone know if this will fit in a 2013 mini cooper? yes or no?
Is an extra base available for this car seat?
Would you spend the extra money for the 2013 model with new features? Or is the 2012 model meet your needs?
Does this version come with the foot muffs?
Is this the 2013 model?
How long is the shipping time? We are in NY but wondering what others experienced?
If this stroller is one-hand recline and appropriate for newborn baby?
Would you consider shipping to NZ?
what are the dimensions on the package?
Is this raw amber?
what kind of clasp is on this?
Do you have exact length?
What kind of clasp does this have?
Would this be fine for an adult to wear(perhaps around the wrist or ankle, twisting a bit)?
How often do you need to replace them? We love ours but I am not sure if they need to be replaced after a certain timeframe
Is the necklace supposed to come off for sleep?
This does not state that the product is raw/unpolished. Is it raw?
Do they come with a certificate of authenticity?
I have an 18 month old who is cutting molars. I'm worried this won't fit around her neck?? But I really want to try!! Anyone have experience?
What's the size for the bed sheet?
Will this fit a 6 inch thick mattress? So far, the dimensions only show the length and width. Thanks!
ARe these really think like the swaddle blankets? I was going to get one for use on daycare cot but wasn't sure I should if its really thin?
Is this a fitted crib sheet, with elastic in all four corners?
Can anyone explain the colors? Wondering what kind of crib sheet might look nice. Looks like aqua, baby blue and gray but can't tell for sure.
Do these stay on the windows in AZ hot weather (over 100 degrees)?
Should these be bent when open? 2 corners stick out 6" from the window when I press in the middle: is it defective or is there a trick to get flat?
will it stick well to tinted widows?
Can I use these on my room window in my house? I don't care if it looks ugly, &amp;will it ruin the window?
These came folded, nicely fitting in the plastic case, but I can't refold them well enough to make them fit back in for storage. Any tips for storage?
What material is this made of? I.e., does the packaging/label say whether it contains any PVC? If so, is the PVC free of phthalates and lead?
Will this hurt the tint on my windows (because of how you adhere it)? And/or, if I have tint, do I really need this?
Is it a spring frame or is it a stick on?
In California, I know you can't put dark tinted glass on the driver side window. Can you stick these sun shades on the driver side window?
would these fit on a scion xd 2010?
Can anyone comment on the fit of this pillow in the Britax B-Safe infant carseat?
Would you use this and the foam infant positioning insert for a newborn with the convertible Advocate 70-G3?
Has anybody used this in the BOB stroller?
Will this work on a convertible car seat for a one year old?
i am wondering if it could be fit in the Advocate G4 Convertible Car seat? thanks.
would this work for the city jogger mini stroller, and britax pavilion carseat if my baby weighs about 17 pounds?
Have you tried the reversible "moisture wicking" side? Is it appropriate for warm summer weather (the plush side looks hot)?
Is it ok for warm weather? I have doubts if the baby would be sweating?
Is this compatable with a B Agile Stroller for a 13 lbs baby?
How do you install the head and body support pillow? I could not find any instructions online.
What is this mat made of? Is there PVC in it? I called Britax Customer Service and they said the "did not know"!
Does the bottom of the mat attach to the seat with a clip/buckle?
Can you use these for rear facing children?
Does the bottom strap prevent someone from sitting in the seat if it has large side bolsters (the sides of the seat come forward to "hug" you)?
Do these things cover the front and the back of the seat or will the straps interfere or annoy me while I'm driving?
Do these fit on a Volvo V70 wagon? I tried another brand and the bottom strap was too short on those to fit around our seats.
Will this go over seats with arm rests? I have a Town &amp; Country with stow-n-go seats, but they have arm rests.
Problems/concerns for these mats affecting the side airbag system when installed on the back of the driver and passenger's seats? '09 Honda Pilot EX
is the top buckle adjustable?
does it fit a honda crv?
Does the pack of one come with 2 pads or one?
Can these be used over and over again? or is there a limitation in re-use like the soothie gel pads?
Does this item come with the gel pads and covers? There is another one on Amazon that states it does, but I can't find it on this item's discription.
Is microwave the only way to heat this item? I don't have microwave at home...
Dont have a microwave can I heat them in warm water?
Can these be warmed in hot water instead of microwave?
Is there a way to heat them other than a microwave?
Can you use these along with the Lansinoh cream?
Are these reusable or do you just use them once and throw them away?
Would you buy these in addition to the Lansinoh gel pads, or instead of them?
where is it made
I got this sippy cup. But nothing comes out of it. I tried drinking from it myself and I sucked hard but not even a drop of water came. What's wrong ?
Are these bpa free?
where does is say BPA free?
What is the difference between the NUK Learner Cups &amp; Active Cups? It seems to be just the cap and the clip.
What is the minimum and maximum age of the baby that these cups are useful?
Do you need to fill the cup to the max ? Is sipping easy/possible if the water/milk quantity is small ?
Hi Do you have the NUK milk container match for the NUK electric Breastpump for storing mik ? Thank you
Hi! I want to buy one but I am from Chile. Is this connected to the electric plug? and is this multi voltage? In Chile we use 230V. Thanks!
Maybe the "milk container" should be called: Store and Go Breast Milk Container, thank you
Hello, I want to know if the product with power plug ? And if the power plug can be used in China, thank you very much
Is the whole in the spout big enough for a 13 months old? He gets frustrated if the liquid doesnt come out quickly enough.
does this have the same spout as the learner cup?
is this bottle microwave safe?
Did your teething toddler easily bite through the silicone spout?
Is anyone experiencing spout collapsing with this bottle? It sinks in &amp; then makes all these squeaky noises while she drinks any suggestions?
I see no where that this is BPA free, am I missing that or is it really not BPA free!!??
Is the bottle transparent? Namely, can I see through it?
Does it pass a lot of air bubbles along with the milk?
is this bottle microwave safe?
is this bottle microwave safe?
Is this gym height adjustable?
Where is this made?
Is this gym made of solid wood or pressed wood?
So how tall and wide is it? We livfe in a small apt.
Does this fold up at all for storage?
Are the toys removable?
What recycling number is this?
my baby is a already 6 month old,can she use it?
How many holes are in the spout? Thanks.
Are these interchangeable with other standard or wide neck bottles?
where is this made?
Will this nipple work on the born free glass bottles?
is this a soft or hard nipple? I need a soft nipple. I ordered this product from another seller and it said soft nipple but I got the hard one!
What pump can you use to inflate tires? I own this and every pump I've tried does not fit since the wheel circumfrence is so small.
Has anyone had an issue with the front wheel coming off while in use?
Can the seat be adjusted from foward facing to rear facing?
What are the weight limits for this stroller? Can a newborn ride in it laying down?
When used with a car seat does the baby face you or not?
Is this a 2013 model?
What pump can you use to inflate tires? I own this and every pump I've tried does not fit since the wheel circumfrence is so small.
Has anyone had an issue with the front wheel coming off while in use?
Can the seat be adjusted from foward facing to rear facing?
What are the weight limits for this stroller? Can a newborn ride in it laying down?
When used with a car seat does the baby face you or not?
Is this a 2013 model?
What pump can you use to inflate tires? I own this and every pump I've tried does not fit since the wheel circumfrence is so small.
Has anyone had an issue with the front wheel coming off while in use?
Can the seat be adjusted from foward facing to rear facing?
What are the weight limits for this stroller? Can a newborn ride in it laying down?
When used with a car seat does the baby face you or not?
Is this a 2013 model?
What pump can you use to inflate tires? I own this and every pump I've tried does not fit since the wheel circumfrence is so small.
Has anyone had an issue with the front wheel coming off while in use?
Can the seat be adjusted from foward facing to rear facing?
What are the weight limits for this stroller? Can a newborn ride in it laying down?
When used with a car seat does the baby face you or not?
Is this a 2013 model?
What pump can you use to inflate tires? I own this and every pump I've tried does not fit since the wheel circumfrence is so small.
Has anyone had an issue with the front wheel coming off while in use?
Can the seat be adjusted from foward facing to rear facing?
What are the weight limits for this stroller? Can a newborn ride in it laying down?
When used with a car seat does the baby face you or not?
Is this a 2013 model?
what is the difference between the beige and the sand colors please? thx
Does the seat recline all the way down for baby to lay flat?
Where is the stroller made?
hello, the item weight is listed as 12.80 lbs, but i've checked a few reviews and it says that the stroller is 16 Lbs. Could anyone confirm the weight
Does this stroller fold with one hand?
Does anyone have the black on black model of this stroller? I suspect that it is black paint over aluminum which can cause scratches.
what is the length of the necklace?
When should my baby start wearing it? She's almost 4 months and has started to teeth, but it seems too ig.
how long does the necklace have healing benefits?
Do any Chaperone owners find the shoulder straps really short? My son is 5 months and 27" tall and I can barely buckle the straps between his legs.
Does this product come with a stay in car base ?
Will this seat fit in a Toyota Corolla? Has anyone tried it in this car or similar? Thank you!
Is it possible to remove the anti-rebound bar for storage purposes? It feels like it can be "popped-out" but I'm not sure if this will break it. Thx
Can this car seat be used for premies? About 4lb?
Is this seat compatible with the Bob stroller attachment?
Is it normal to have some back and forth movement of the car seat when snapped into the base?
Someone who has bought this recently, what was the manufacturing date on it? Thank you.
Do you need to use an infant support pillow for their head with this?
Will this fit in a Buick Century (2001)?
Do any Chaperone owners find the shoulder straps really short? My son is 5 months and 27" tall and I can barely buckle the straps between his legs.
Does this product come with a stay in car base ?
Will this seat fit in a Toyota Corolla? Has anyone tried it in this car or similar? Thank you!
Is it possible to remove the anti-rebound bar for storage purposes? It feels like it can be "popped-out" but I'm not sure if this will break it. Thx
Can this car seat be used for premies? About 4lb?
Is this seat compatible with the Bob stroller attachment?
Is it normal to have some back and forth movement of the car seat when snapped into the base?
Someone who has bought this recently, what was the manufacturing date on it? Thank you.
Do you need to use an infant support pillow for their head with this?
Will this fit in a Buick Century (2001)?
Could you please tell me if RUMBA color is girly.Is it like dark pink.Can it be used for guys.
can u ship this for china?
this chair is the same as that sold in Europe under the name of Kiddy Guardian Pro 2 ? Thanks
this chair is the same as that sold in Europe under the name of Kiddy Guardian Pro 2 ?
I see this is rated for kids 20lbs what is the minimum height. Is this okay to use for kids under two, considering that it is forward facing?
Can you ship this car seat to Hawaii?
Does this fly if not occupied by kid. Do you buckle it everytime .Can it still use latches when not protection shield is not used. Thanks
Do any Chaperone owners find the shoulder straps really short? My son is 5 months and 27" tall and I can barely buckle the straps between his legs.
Does this product come with a stay in car base ?
Will this seat fit in a Toyota Corolla? Has anyone tried it in this car or similar? Thank you!
Is it possible to remove the anti-rebound bar for storage purposes? It feels like it can be "popped-out" but I'm not sure if this will break it. Thx
Can this car seat be used for premies? About 4lb?
Is this seat compatible with the Bob stroller attachment?
Is it normal to have some back and forth movement of the car seat when snapped into the base?
Someone who has bought this recently, what was the manufacturing date on it? Thank you.
Do you need to use an infant support pillow for their head with this?
Will this fit in a Buick Century (2001)?
From the BG freetime reviews I understand flaps cause problem cleaning up solid poop. Does having a diaper sprayer help? Is there a good alternative AIO to bumgenius freetime flaps?
Is the "Mirror" color too feminine for a baby boy?
How can you line dry the covers and tumble dry the inserts? I thought the inserts were sewn into the covers?
We are not sure if this can be used as a day time diaper, can we use it for 12 hours in the day?
how long can you reuse one of them. Say I buy 7 can I reuse those seven and save money on buying disposable diapers? and How long would this system?
What are the approximate folded dimensions of this diaper?
I have heard that cloth diapers can sometimes be very bulky and change the way a lot of clothes fit. Are there any complaints with the BG freetime?
How often can you machine dry these without sacrificing quality? We have no space to air dry in our apartment.
New mom. Tried these and planning to get a stack. Anybody who is using it for a long time, are there any leakage issues? How u wash n dry? Thanks
I'm new to cloth diapers - so do you just wash these after they are soiled? How many pairs do you need realistically?
Aplix vs snaps - which ones are better?
Im new to cloth diapering. Sorry for my ignorance. Is there a replacement insert that you need to buy with this diaper shell, Im confused.
Since this is an all-in-one diaper, does it take longer to dry these than the Bum Genius 4.0 pocket-style diapers? How much longer?
I bought a few of these from the BRU and now i see that they want you to was each diaper 6 times separately and then prewash. Is that necessary?
Hi, I&Acirc;&acute;dm using cloth diapers for the first time and I&Acirc;&acute;d like to know if any of you regularly tumble dry your diapers?
Are these diapers really able to fit on a 8 lb baby?
How many cloth diapers come in a package? Or am I paying 19.95 for 1 AIO?
Does this highchair come with a tray?
will this fit on a table that has a 6 inch skirt
will this fit on a table that has a 6 inch skirt
Does it have straps for younger babies
DOES IT COME APART TO CLEAN?
How sturdy is it? My baby likes to "dance" (rigorously) when she's sitting in her regular high chair, so I am worried about it tipping over.
What is the weight/age limit?
What does "4 count" mean in the product's description?
Is it easy to remove the baby from this highchair? Some reviews say it is not easy and the chair looks like baby's feet/limbs could get tangled.
what does four count mean?
Can this be used at a regular table?I know the tray's attached but can it be pushed up close enough to a table so we can use the table instead of tray
Can it be used without the tray
is it BPA free?
what size are the socks?
what size are the socks
size
Are these socks 100% cotton?
Came with two small plastic clip looking pieces that are labeled as L in the manual, but nowhere does it show where they go. Anyone else have this?
Does it rock on it own or do you have to push it to rock it?
Can it be used as a bassinet full time?
We have our mattress on the ground but need something for him next to the bed. Can you easily reach in or would it be too high?
The manufacture say US version doesn't get 180 degrees flat. It only get 169 degrees. Is this still ok to use as bedside bassinet ?
How many pounds does it go up to for sleeping position?
Does it have a removable mattress pad - or is this something I can purchase? Do you use a sheet or what?
This bassinet does not have a retractable hood like other bassinets. Have you found this to be a problem? E.g.Does light distract a sleepy baby?
I was wondering why the model in grey color is a lower cost than red color or the blue one. Is there any diferrent feauture ?
Does it come with a pad like a bassinet or do I have to purchase one?
is it the new 2013 plus model&#xFF1F;
Does this stroller come with the rain cover?
made in&#xFF1F;
If I buy this item,can you assure me that it will arrived my address in Hawaii on 25th MAY? I want to receive it on that day due to my travel schedule
Can you at the appointed time delivery to Hawaii ?
Would you ship to Brazil?
wuld you ship to Chile?
Does this stroller come with the black canopy???? If not I just got ripped off and have to send it back. It's sold cheaper with the canopy elsewhere.
is it the new 2013 plus model&#xFF1F;
is it the bugaboo bee plus&#xFF1F;
What's the date of production of this stroller?
Does this stroller come with the rain cover?
where is it made in?
Just wondering if you ship this item to Australia and if so how much it would cost? Thanks
Is this the 2009's or 2010's style &#xFF1F;Is it a bee or bee plus?
Is it a bee or bee plus?
Is this stroller fit for newborn baby? If not, which stroller is eligible for both newborn babies and kids?
is the newborn feature standard or extra?
Is this the 2010 model? I am trying to match the correct sun canopy add-on.
Do you ship to China shanghai?
what is the shipping box size? i am planning to check in the box at airport.
What are the dimensions of the package when shipped?
Does this stroeller have a 3-year guarantee? If yes, is it global or just in the US?
Is it includes red sun canopy, under seat stroller bag and rain cover?
What year is this bee model, 2013/2014?
I bought this bugaboo bee stroller from the seller. (12.17.2013) Can I have 2 year warranty? Actually, I brought this to Canada.
Does this model come with everything such as the entire stroller frame and, canopy?
is it bugaboo bee plus(not old model-bugaboo bee) ?
does that come with the rain cover?
1.Is this bugaboo bee plus OR only bee? someone told me it is different from them 2.its weight is 18.5lb or 27lb?
Does it include the canopy?
If I order new, how long time I can receive it? I live in LA
Can you ship to South Korea?
1.Is this bugaboo bee plus OR only bee? someone told me it is different from them 2.its weight is 18.5lb or 27lb?
can you ship to england?
how much in child weight will this actually hold?
can you ship to shenzhen china?
Hello, can you ship to Brasil?
Can you ship to Israel?
Are these nipples a good bit smaller than regular bottle nipples? I need something small for a puppy. Thanks!!
Can these teats go on normal size bottles or just preemie ones? I have mam bottles would they fit on them? Thanks.
Will these nipples fit Medela bottles?
Do you get 4 nipples? It says in the discription 2 nipples? So i am a little confused as to what they are selling either 4 or 2 for the $8.79 price.
will the preemie nipples fit the 4 0z bottle of Dr. Brown
Does this work well for a small infant?
There is a slanted sling for infants and at Walmart 11x11x3 something would it fit in this tub?
Is there a Karibu insert for this bath tub? I seen a customers comment on here with a picture of and insert in this bath tub.Made by Karibu
What is the height of the bath or depth?
How do you get warm water in it? Do you need to bring to a bathroom with a shower or just add water via a kettle?
Can toddler twins fit in this together
Has anybody have mold/mildew on the inside of the tub? There's black spot on the rubber that can't get rid of with bleach, soap, vineger and scrub'ng
Does this have a slant feature?
Can you use this in the bathtub?
what are the measurements of the under side folded up at the smallest fold?And is it very sturdy, would it tip over if it got leaned on a little bit?
Are the colors as in the picture? (gray inside also)
Is it comfortable for a four year old to stand on the bar in the back of the stroller? I really do not want to get a double stroller for my four year.
what kind of car seats can you use with this strolleR?
can you use a maxi cosi car seat with this stroller?
Does it fit elongated seat
How tall is the pee guard?
What about cleaning after each use? I don't want to fold something up and push it aside (so others can use the toilet), if there is urine drips on it
What are the 3 step heights?
what is the weight limit?
Hello sir, i want to ship this abroad, therefore i want to know the shipping dimensions of the box it comes in. Can you please help me
is this play yard CPSC
Can you use the Dream on Me 3'' foam mattress in the base of this?
Can you push it in front of you or must you pull your child behind you?
Has anyone tried this with the Graco Nautilus 3-in-1 convertable car seat?
Would I be able to fold the wheels in and leave it on the seat and strap it in the plane seat? Thanks!
Has anyone actually tried to fit the Chicco Nextfit Convertible car seat on this?
Will This work with the Britax Marathon 70-G3
Is this compatible with Maxi Cosi Pria 70?
does it work with britax marathon
Would this fit any infant car seats or that's not possible?
Does this work with an Evenflo Sureride DLX 65?
Will a Recaro ProRide convertible carseat fit this product?
Does it fold as easily with a second seat as it does with only a single?
Does the silver fabric or quartz fabric get dirty easily?
Is the item contains mounting brackets for second seat
Which years model?
what year model is this item?
Are you able to use two car seat adapters?
is it compatible with graco infant car seats?
What are the shipping dimensions?
Is this the 2013 version or 2012?
If I purchase this item, I should expect the stroller, the mounting kits and 2 seats, correct? Essentially everything I need to set up and use the stroller for 2 kiddos? If I have one in a carseat, I will just need to purchase the Caraway converter,...
would it be too big for a 30" changing pad?
I have a 34 inch long changing pad. Would this fit?
Does the cover cover the bottom of your pad?
Which is the best pad to buy along with this cover?
where is the safe belt?
is it applicated... or just printed to look like it is?
will it work for a 4 sided changing pad such as Summer Infant 4-Sided Changing Pad from BabyVision?
How has this item held up for washing? Any tips or suggestions from experience?
What kind of fabric is this made out of?
I have a very small changing pad only 26" pad, not sure if it will be too big?
Is this cup holder big enough to hold grande sized Starbucks coffee? what about venti?
Has anyone try this cupholder on the Maclaren Techno XT, is it suitable for it?
can this be attached [as is] to a walker [round tube]?
can I use two of these? where does it attach
Can this be used with Mark ii?
Can anyone tell the appromimate diamater of the hole part that attaches to the stroller?
Can these be switched from one stroller to another or are they "locked" in place once attached?
how do I put a cup on? i can't seem to slide the piece out...
does it work with stokke?
Has anyone tried this cup holder on the Maclaren Major Special Needs Stroller?
Can you use this stroller for the airport? Would they let you go to the gate or do you have to check it in?
Says the weight limit is 50 pounds. Is that accurate? If so, my 2-year old and 8-month old will have already reached that.
How well does this stroller do on a semi rocky dirt road?
What are the actual dimensions of the seat height? My son has a long torso so I need to know shoulder height to see if he can fit comfortably.
does this stroller have any attachments available that will accomodate a car seat?
Weight limit?
Does the front wheel swivel?
Any opinions about "every day" use- doctor's visits, shopping etc.? Any different suggestions?
Will a newborn be able to ride in this stroller without issue?
Can aI fit the car seat in the stroller?
can you use any carseat for this stoller or will have to be the Baby Tread carseat
Does it fold up, easily and fit in your trunk good?
how tall is the stroller and does it have an adjustable handle?
If I buy the baby trend flex loc carseat, is there an attachment needed to fit it in the stroller? How does the carseat attach to the stroller if not?
What's the diameter of the handle tubing please? Just the metal part, not the rubber grip.
Can the seat sit straight up or does it always have to recline back?
Can this stroller handle snow and ice? (Can it handle poorly shoveled sidewalks?)
My toddler is 33 pounds and almost three feet tall is he to long for this stoller?
How many pounds does it hold up to
Does anyone find themselves kicking the wheels while jogging/walking? I'm 6'1 &amp; my Britax always has me knocking the wheels, even while just walking.
Does the back seat fit a tall child comfortably? One of the pictures shows that the child in the back has to lean forward to fit on the seat without hitting the front sun shield.
Does the front seat recline completely for use with a newborn?
So the Riviera only comes with 2 seats not the Sophia?
what are the dimensions of the stroller?
Is the Sophie color with red or pink?
Which car seat can be used with this stroller? Only Baby trend ones or some brand as well?
Some of the pictures show 2 seats and some show 1. Does it come with 2 seats, and the back one comes off and there's a sit/stand platform? Thanks!
What is the weight limit? I have a handicapped Toddler who is 4 and she cannot walk. Can this be something I can use instead of a wheelchair?
does it comes with a car seat
Would this stroller work for a 3 month old if I got an infant insert? She has pretty good head control.
does handle adjust
Would this One work good on the Beach?
will any of the " flex loc " infant seats by baby trend fit in this stroller?
Does the seat sit straight up? My son is constantly leaning forward in the stroller we have now!
Would the baby trend car seat fit into this stroller.
can any infant carseat attach to this stroller?
Does it have a good rear recline?
Can an infant car seat fit in the back seat with an older child in the front?
Does this fit the Graco Snugride 35 carseat?
How does this push on the grass, gravel, dirt, etc.? I have all-terrain wheels on the single stroller I have now and think they're a necessity....
can this fit a graco car seat or do u have to buy this brand of car seat to fit it
When an infant carseat is snapped into this stroller, does the toddler still have a full seat to sit on with a back and a 5 pt harness?
I have a Toyota RAV4. Will this fit in the trunk?
Does the new Baby Trend Inertia Infant Car Seat fit in this stroller?
Is this stroller good for walks outside on sidewalks, pavement, etc?
what are the dimensions when it is folded up? I need to make sure it will fit in my overhead storage on the car.
can you use any carseat for this stoller or will have to be the Baby Tread carseat
Does it fold up, easily and fit in your trunk good?
how tall is the stroller and does it have an adjustable handle?
If I buy the baby trend flex loc carseat, is there an attachment needed to fit it in the stroller? How does the carseat attach to the stroller if not?
What's the diameter of the handle tubing please? Just the metal part, not the rubber grip.
Can the seat sit straight up or does it always have to recline back?
Can this stroller handle snow and ice? (Can it handle poorly shoveled sidewalks?)
My toddler is 33 pounds and almost three feet tall is he to long for this stoller?
How many pounds does it hold up to
Does anyone find themselves kicking the wheels while jogging/walking? I'm 6'1 &amp; my Britax always has me knocking the wheels, even while just walking.
are the tires rubber?
Does car seat clip into stroller? What is the car seat handle like? Is it a Z shaped or straight across?
Does this car seat really work for a newborn? I read that most newborns need straps at or below 7 - 7.5" and most baby trend car seats are 8" smallest
At what hieght and weight can my baby start using the stroller independent of the car seat?
Is the carseat airplane approved?
Is the carseat airplane approved?
Hello, does this jogger fold up? We take public transportation a lot. Thanks
does the car seat click on shopping carts?
Does the car seat strap into the car without the base?
Does the stroller have "One-Hand Fold" capability?
Does this make a warming glow in a room?
Does this give off a nice glow that's apparent in a room?
What size battery does it take?
Is this price for one ball or 7? Do they get hot when lit for several hours? How long will the light last if on throughout the night?
Are they submersible?
is it battery operated? and if so what type of battery does it take??? How long does it last???
what kind of battery is needed for the color changing LED Baby Kid Mood Lamp night light?
are there any directions?????!!!!!!!
Can this be plugged in
Can this be plugged in
This may seem like an obvious question but I just can't tell for sure from images. Does it cut the crust as well?
How is the size of this item? Does it work with mostly all brands of bread or is the cutter too large for many brands of bread? Thanks!
Will I receive one of each design?
Is this bpa free?
Has anyone used these to cut cookie dough?
are they pack in 3 separate bags? (thinking to add this item to the birthday goodie bags)
Does it seal the edges of the bread?
If ordered, will I get 3 different molds?
Does the screen light up?
can you use this mirror on cars that do not have head rests above the seats? how would it attach?
What age is this for?
Does it come with a remote?
Does it always play music or is there an on/off switch?
Does anyone know if this mirror is glass or not? Thank you
i've set the tmer to 10,20,and30 minutes, however, only 1 song will playy. i have t press the sun after each song. shouldnt it pay continuously based on the minutes selected??
If the baby is rear facing, inthe middle back seat, will you still be able to install this mirror
can this be tied to the crib also?
Can the bouncer be collapsed to put into storage once it is assembled?
Do the batteries really last 20 hours as it says in the description?
how old does the baby need to be to stop using it. baby is 2 months now but weighs 9 lbs.
What are the dimensions of the box with this product?
Is the seat cover removable and machine washable like FP bouncers?
are you ship to PO BOX ?
Does this play music?
What's the age range of this product????
can I get replacement toys for this!? if so, WHERE!? ive looked all over.
Can your baby jump/bounce in this?
It says the item is 1 pound, is that a typo? What's the real weight?
weighs about how this toy?
Can this item be secured with one hand? I am alwaysing holding my LO with another hand...
Up to what size baby/toddler will this fit? does the manufacturer give a height or weight range?
would the taggies hold up if you attached hanging toys to them?
Does this attach to the shopping cart itself, so that a baby will not fall out of the cart?
Is anyone else having a problem with the back coming unsecured on shopping carts like Target?
Does it fit over regular high chairs?
Does this fit all shopping carts including larger carts like target costco etc??
Does it come with a carrying bag?
Are you able to strap your child in still?
Does the Bright Starts Portable Swing, Blossomy Blooms play music and vibrate?
hello, do you ship to israel? how much it will cast?
what is the weight requirement ?
What are the dimensions of the box with this product?
Does it tilt with weight over 30 pounds
i have a 4 year old she is about 3'5... 42 pounds.you think she would fit ok? (she has brain injury)
what is the maximum weight limit
Does this seat recline enough, and have a good enough harness, to hold a newborn? I would like to be able to sit my newborn at an "above dog level" height while working in the kitchen.
When 2015 model is available?
why is this discontinued?
Is this the latest 2014 model?
Is Mica a grey color, I can't tell from the picture?
Does this have the adapter for the Mesa car seat?
Is this the 2013 model?
Can you reverse which way the baby is facing (either facing you or away)? Thanks!
Why is Jake discontinued?
Can you use a car seat and toddler seat at the same time? Also, can the bassinet be used along with a toddler seat?
What brands of infant car seats do fit to this stroller, except Uppa Baby?
Is it ok for running (mostly paved trails), or is a true jogger the way to go?
What would be the actuall shipping weight for this item ?
What year is this stroller? Is it the 2014?
is upper baby stroller adapter compabatible with the graco car seat
Has anyone used this for a newborn without the bassinet? and does the bassinet have to be removed before the stroller is folded? thanks!
is this the new 2015 version that can accommodate two seats?
I was looking at product detail specially the weight,the shipping weight is 47.65pound.But the item weight is24pound,is the box that heavy ?!
If I order now, I am going to get 2014 model?
What items are included in this price for the stroller?
without the bassinet, can baby lay flat in the stroller while sleeping? Does this stroller sell without bassinet ? Thanks,
While a toddler is in the stroller can you make it go quickly/easily from front to rear facing (if I encounter sun)? or must remove child?
Hi, what is the material on the handlebars? Is that soft rubber? Does it have a removable cover for easy washing like the bumper bar?
The shipping says it ships to APO/FPO but when I try to check out, it is not allowing me to order to our APO address.?
If i need to purchase a bassinet bumper for this what would be the recommended size needed?
Where do you find sheets for this bassinet?
I bought the naturepedic 18x36x2 mattress after reading all the reviews. Its not fitting in the bassinet at all. help!?!?!
how does it turn into a toy box?
It says the bassinet is solid wood, but what about the flat base the mattress sits on? Is that MDF/particleboard?
Are the bassinet sides solid wood, plywood or MDF? I see that the base is MDF.
What size mattress fits in this bassinet?
Can I use this as a co sleeper next to my bed? Would one of the sides come off so its an easy access for me when I want to feed my baby over night?
How sturdy is this bassinet? Could it withstand an accidental bump from an innocent yet energetic German Shepherd puppy?
I purchsed the naturpedic cradle mattress but it is big and bunches. Has anyone ordered a custom mattress from Naturpedic? Did it work? What size?
Is it possible to sit in this chair while using a nursing pillow, such as My Brest Friend, or are the arms too close together?
Why is this considered a chair for the nursery? I am looking for a comfy chair for in the living room.
What are the dimensions, including the dimension of the actual seat?
Does it give off any chemical smells, like so many products made in China?
The babyletto Madison swivel glider mentions that it is a glider, but I want to confirm that it also swivels and turns around as well?
Any problems getting this chair through doorways since it is already assembled?
Does this chair swivel 360 degrees or just glides back n forth?
Is there an ottoman that goes with the babyletto Madison?
Is there a matching glider ottoman?
I'm trying to decide between the slate and ecru. How far off white is the ecru?
Is it bad to breastfeed?
Can anyone give me the measurement from the seat to the floor? I'm very short so in most chairs my feet can't touch the floor. Update - I'm grateful to all of you for your quick and helpful responses. Thank you very much! I can purchase knowing that it...
Thinking about purchasing this for the sitting room off my kitchen. Do you think these would look odd outside a nursery?
Does anyone know the dimensions of the box it comes in?
Is the mocha a nice dark brown or more like milk chocolate? I already got the ecru and am not so fond of the color- need to be sure of shade. Thanks.
how wide is the seating cushion???
my son's father is 6'4, would he be to tall for this chair?
What color is the open box Madison Swivel Glider?
Did anyone have a problem getting this glider through the doorway? We can't seem to fit it through. Any suggestions?
Is it bad to breastfeed?
Can anyone give me the measurement from the seat to the floor? I'm very short so in most chairs my feet can't touch the floor. Update - I'm grateful to all of you for your quick and helpful responses. Thank you very much! I can purchase knowing that it...
Thinking about purchasing this for the sitting room off my kitchen. Do you think these would look odd outside a nursery?
Does anyone know the dimensions of the box it comes in?
Is the mocha a nice dark brown or more like milk chocolate? I already got the ecru and am not so fond of the color- need to be sure of shade. Thanks.
how wide is the seating cushion???
my son's father is 6'4, would he be to tall for this chair?
What color is the open box Madison Swivel Glider?
Did anyone have a problem getting this glider through the doorway? We can't seem to fit it through. Any suggestions?
Will this fit with medela breast pump?
There are 9 nipples in this gift set&#xFF0C;6 are fixed on the bottles and 3 are separated&#xFF0C;what levels about them&#xFF0C;how to distinguish the level about them&#xFF1F;
Where is manufactured?United States?Mexico or China?
Does this set contains level 1 and level 2 of nipples?
Do these bottles leak? I am about to have my third child and was frustrated with the Medela bottles as they routinely leaked.
Are all bottles in this set wide neck ones?
what level about the nipples on the bottles&#xFF1F;Are they level 1
is this bottle glassic
Are they glass bottle or else? Are the nipple made of silicon? Are they wide neck bottle? What's the different between classic &amp; deco?
how much lift does this give off of the chair?
How long is the strap that fastens it to the chair? I'm not sure it will be secure with my big kitchen chair.
Are the straps removable? I want the height of a booster but my child doesn't need straps and I don't want the straps just sitting there unbuckled.
We have the Jokkmokk table from Ikea. Is there anyone who has used this booster with that table? And, did it fit well with your child in it?
WHAT IS THE HEIGHT OF THE BACK OF THE CHAIR?
Does it strap to the bottom AND the back of the chair or just around the bottom?
what is the recommended age and size for this seat?
will this hold a 3 year old?
How high is the front of the seat? I want to be able to push the chair in at the table, and I have about 8 inches, will this fit?
up to how many pounds must a child be?
Please clarify the dimensions. Conflicting information on the page: 1.) Mirror measures 36 inches H x 24 inches W 2.) Product Dimensions 38 x 26
Can someone help with the width across the narrowest part of mirror at top and bottom? Maybe right where the curve slopes in? Thanks!
How wide is the beveled edge? 1 inch or 1/2 inch?
How can you hang it up?
Can this mirror be hung horizontally?
Hello, came across this beautiful set.Could you please advise if you ship to Russia? There are no restrictions for personal goods
The matching "self-stick" border won't stay stuck! Any suggestions?
What is the email address to send baby's name after buying the product?
The items in the set be adjusted. I would prefer 3 valances and no mobile. If this is not possible can an additional vanance be purchases?
Hi, Is this set 100% cotton?
"Please can you confirm that the weight is really 20 lbs ? All other sets has less weight and includes similar &iacute;tems that this. Thanks"
Is it an option to pick and choose pieces from this collection and/or the 15 piece collection? For example, I don't need any window valances but like the lamp shade that's included in the 15 piece set. Thanks!
Are you sure that you are going to have thi item in stock from december 1rst?
Are these easy to remove? I want to be able to put them on at night and remove them during the day.
if door knob cover is inside of door, can door be opened from the outside?
Are these soft foam rubber? I want them for myself to prevent bruises from blood thinners
Could these work as oven guards? I like the idea of being able to turn the knob from inside while cooking.
Has anyone used these on oval shaped door knobs? Did it work?
Will these work with spherical shaped door knobs as opposed to the standard round knobs with a flat end?
Does this only work with round knobs?
how do you remove them?
Please help. I attached these locks to a painted surface, and now I need to remove them without damaging the paint. Is there hope?
Is it possible to just buy the adhesive? I removed these from my cabinets and some of them broke, so they can't be re-used. I still have the "top" and would love to buy just the bottom so I can keep using it.
can this be used for an oven? I was wondering if it might melt from the heat...
Are they really long enough to work on toilets?
Has anyone used this on a broiler door (underneath the oven door)?
Need a prodcut to keep elder from microwave and built in oven use...any ideas?
Do these work on doors? We have lever handles and can't find a system that works but we need the pantry and linen closet to be locked up.
would these be good to lock down doors? closet doors, front doors, back doors?
How long are these straps? Thanks.
What year model is this bugaboo bee?
How long does it take to slip to Miami beach ? Is brand new ?
1. does the price include the rain cover?
2. How long does is take to ship to New Jersey as described Free Shipping?
BOX SIZE?
Hello, does this model come with the basket on the bottom as well as the seat liner?
is this bugaboo be 2014??? how is the warranty?
Please, what model is this stroller? Does it come with rain cover and storage bag under the seat?
Would this be safe to use on an oven door?
Our refrigerator door has a minor gap, it won't close all the way, will this help to secure the door close shut?
Would this work on a lazy susan?
I've noticed some walkers only go frontward and backwards. Will this one go in any direction?
how do ou change batteries in chicco piano baby walker?
Is the "piano" removable so that you have an empty tray?
Does this walker dent, scratch or scuff up stainless steel appliances or cabinets?
What's the difference of this walker compared with "Chicco dance walker"? Is that just the toys on the front? standing part the same?
does this walker lock so they can bounce only?
Will this scratch my hardwood floors?
I have a preemie grandson who is now a week shy of being 8 months old that at his last check-up he weighed in at 12 pounds 13 ounces and was 22 &frac34; long. I think a walker would be good for him. Looked at this one and thought it was very nice. My concern...
What's min. &amp; max. height adjustment - specifically interested in the seat height? My baby is quite tall with long legs. Thanks!
how big is this item? i would like to know actual box package size. :)
Could people say what model/type/size toilet seat they have when they say it does or does not work for their specific toilet?
does it fit elongated seat?
Many reviewers have complained this "didn't fit". Can someone post the dimensions of the "attachment plate" (inc. the distance b/w the notches)??
vibrates in silence mode?
Can I buy a replacement battery for the parent unit?
This product refer to camera more the lcd display, ok?
do other carseats other then graco fit?
Is it possible to remove the canopy sun shades?
Where is the carseat compatability chart?
Do the pages for each month have a space for free writing or are there questions like favorite foods, new friends, etc.?
Can you take out the car picture on the front and insert a pic of baby?
Is this ring bound type?
Does this book have a place to record the order of the teeth coming in?
These do apply to wide-mouth bottles
Does the venting system work with the glass bottles?
when should I use the new one, the silicone color is not clear any more(faded and yellow)?
How long can the vent be used for?
Does this set include both the silicone and the hard plastic parts?
do the vents fit in Dr. Brown wide neck bottles?
Does this come packaged discreetly, or is Squatty Potty written all over the outside of the box?: (I usually have my packages delivered to my work)
I have a normal toilet, about 15 inches from floor to rim. I am 5'10 inches tall and am overweight with a substantial tummy. Should I get 7" or 9"
does it take time to work
What if one just bends forward to get the correct anorectal angle? Will that be as good as using this?
My toilet measures 17 inches from the floor to rim. Would I have to get the 9 inch version? Must you remove your slacks and underwear to use this?
I have elevated toilet due to recent fractured hip, am 5ft 4in. tall. Do you recommend 7 or 9 inch potty?
Will this Squatty Potty work with an RV toilet that has a flushing foot pedal ?
would this be good for a 3 year old?
I'm 6 feet tall and weigh about 200lbs. Will this hold my weight? I'm planning to just squat and not have my butt touch the toilet seat. thanks!
I am really short. Although I am 29, I am 4"8 which is about the average size of a ten year old. Is the 9 a better option for me.
How many cards do u get ?
are the cards blank inside?
how many counts?
how many cards are in the packet?
HOW MANY CARDS?
Quantity? I can not believe that after having two people already post about quantity, this information is still not listed!
how many cards come in one package?
Are the cards big enough that a 4x6 picture will fit in it?
How many cards are in one pack?
Can I build this without the changing station at all? I only want to use the dresser, and have a regular flat surface on top.
How is it packaged? It says 2 boxes. Which parts are in each box?
Could you provide the dimensions of this dresser when its packed. Thank you.
What are the dimensions of the smaller compartments on the tray?
What brands of changing pads fit the table?
What are the exact dimensions for the changing pad area? Wondering how large of a changing pad it would hold.
What are the inside dimensions of the drawers? Thanks!
I see a lot of complaints on the reviews about paint chipping off easily. How does the dresser hold up so far? I'm not sure if I should get it.
Looking for an eco friendly, polyurethane foam-free, changing pad, but can not find any that fit the top of this. Any recommendations?
Is the top of the changing table big enough for the standar changing pad and additional storage next to it? Thanks!
What are the exact dimensions for the changing pad area? Wondering how large of a changing pad it would hold.
What are the inside dimensions of the drawers? Thanks!
I see a lot of complaints on the reviews about paint chipping off easily. How does the dresser hold up so far? I'm not sure if I should get it.
Looking for an eco friendly, polyurethane foam-free, changing pad, but can not find any that fit the top of this. Any recommendations?
Is the top of the changing table big enough for the standar changing pad and additional storage next to it? Thanks!
modo vs Hudson
Is this crib easy for a short mom to pick up baby? I'm 5'2".
IS there a conversion kit?
Since Babyletto started making their own mattresses in 2013, I have heard that now standard mattresses (28in) will NOT fit this crib?
Does the crib have a bite guard?
What is the mattress support like for this crib? Is it a flat board or is it on springs?
This crib seems very short at 35" compared to most standard cribs that come to about 42-45". Has anyone had any issues with how short it is?
Can you use a crib skirt with the Babyletto Hudson crib?
Will this mattress size fit this crib? 53x29x7?
Is there a way to lower the rail to be able to lift baby in and out easier?
Does this product use any glues that are made with formaldehyde?
Which mattresses fit this crib snugly?
Is this crib practical for a petite mother?
How far apart the spindles are on the crib -- specifically how big is the space between the spindles? Could hands/feet fit through them?
What is the highest a 6 inch mattress would stands at the daybed setting? Thinking of using it as a cosleeper.
Everyone happy with wire mesh springs that hold mattress versus a wooden board?
Is the grey light or dark or medium?
Do all mattresses fit?
What are the interior dimensions of the crib? Can I use a 51 5/8" x 27 1/4" crib mattress or is there too much room between the mattress and sides?
If we set up this crib then had to move it to another room, is it possible to do so without having to disassemble? Or is it too heavy, wide, etc?
Will this get in the way of the seat when it's in a recline position?
Will this organizer be a problem while folding the stroller, I have a britax b-agile stroller
Does this work with the BJ City Mini GT? Will collapsing/closing the stroller cause items to spill out? (Folds in the middle so handle faces downward)
does it work on the City Select stroller
Will this fit on a City Select double stroller?
Can it hold a hot cup of coffee?
Would this get in the way of a toddler on a glider board/skate board on the stroller back wheels?
will this work with a b-agile double stroller?
will this work with uppababy cruz?
Does this work on the Citi Mini Double GT?
Is the stroller awkward to push when using the stroller board? Love our b ready - but not willing to drop $72 on an accessory that makes it cumbersome
Will this fit on MacLaren?
Hi. Will this fit on Maclaren triumph? (See the stroller here) http://www.amazon.com/Maclaren-Triump...
Do you have to remove the stroller board to fold a stroller that folds like the britax b agile or the bob revolution. Thanks
Did anyone try to use the board with b agile double side by side stroller? Thanks in advance
Does it fit the BOB revolution SE stroller?
I know Britax SAYS this works with the BOB Duallie. I'd love to hear from someone with personal experience. Anyone have that stroller with this?
Could you please tell me if this stroller board works with the Peg Perego Si?
Can it be used with the britax side by side double stroller?
How well does this stroller board work on the bready? Is it a smooth ride? Do ur feet hit the board while walking? Does it work well with the bassinet
Hello, I would like to order this strollers, but wondering to know if B-Agile child tray fits well with this strollers? Thanks!
Is it sturdy to use for long walks on the pavement around the neighborhood? I was considering a jogger (not that I jog a lot) but for durability.
This stroller says that it's Imported and it's from USA. Does anyone know the country in which it was manufactured?
How adjustable is the seat back position? It looks fairly reclined, can it lay down and can it sit completely upright?
Hello!! I like this stroller but before I purchase it I would like to know if it fits in the trunk of a Sedan? I have a Nissan Sentra. Thanks
I would like to know if is as shown in the drawing, if both sides have 2 children, or mammary seat is sold separately, or all enter it set?
To use this stroller with my older child in a seat and my infant in his Graco Snugride carseat, which additional parts do I need to buy?
Hi, Does it come with snack tray? or do I need to buy separately?Thanks, E.
How's the handling when trying to fold it up? There's no handle to use and it doesn't stand on its own ... did this eventually become an annoyance?
What material is the frame made of?
Is the seat space too small for a child? It looks like someone slightly bigger would have trouble sigging in that small a seat?
Is coming with second seat
Does this come with an attached car seat or is this just the stroller base?
I would like to delivery to Hong Kong. Is it fee shipping to hong kong? If no,please advise the method to me. Thank you!
Does it come with a travel bag?
rain cover included? in the 2011 model the rain cover is included with the stroller when you purchase, is that the case for the 2012 version as well?
If I have a Graco carseat, will I need to buy two different adapters to use the infant seat on the top and bottom positions?
Is this include second seat
Hi, can the b-safe car seat face the the push bar? The picture shows the car seat facing away, but I wasn't sure if the other direction is an option.
The cap of release knob for frontal wheel is broken. How can I get a replacements?
does it come with a car seat
Are the top seat raincover and parant storage pouch included? There is a britax video that says its out of the box.
Were the click/go extension adapters included? It's to allow the top seat to move forward a little, so 2nd seat below has more space.
Can you use the stroller for 1 child and have the car seat attached for an infant at the same time
If you purchase the second seat on the bottom for an older child can they see anything but the back of the seat in front of them?
Can I remove the fabric on the stroller and wash it in the washer? I believe that is possible with the City Select but not sure about B-Ready?
Does this stroller stand in a vertical position, like if i wanna store it in a closet?
Hello, I would like to order this strollers, but wondering to know if B-Agile child tray fits well with this strollers? Thanks!
Is it sturdy to use for long walks on the pavement around the neighborhood? I was considering a jogger (not that I jog a lot) but for durability.
This stroller says that it's Imported and it's from USA. Does anyone know the country in which it was manufactured?
How adjustable is the seat back position? It looks fairly reclined, can it lay down and can it sit completely upright?
Hello!! I like this stroller but before I purchase it I would like to know if it fits in the trunk of a Sedan? I have a Nissan Sentra. Thanks
I would like to know if is as shown in the drawing, if both sides have 2 children, or mammary seat is sold separately, or all enter it set?
To use this stroller with my older child in a seat and my infant in his Graco Snugride carseat, which additional parts do I need to buy?
Hi, Does it come with snack tray? or do I need to buy separately?Thanks, E.
How's the handling when trying to fold it up? There's no handle to use and it doesn't stand on its own ... did this eventually become an annoyance?
What material is the frame made of?
What happens if you have molding on the groud where you want to install this product? I can't go over the molding, not enough height!
How flexible is the mesh once pulled out? We have 2 cats and I'm wondering if the mesh is flexible enough for them to squeeze underneath.
can you connect another panel to one of the edges of the first panel and form a corner?
we have a banister at the top of the stairs with 1.5" (maybe a tad smaller) posts that this will have to mount to...at a slight angle. Will it work?
Can you mount this gate at the bottom of a stairway that has a curve to it? Wall on either side at the bottom to mount to.
Can this gate be used outdoors?
Does the mesh go all the way to the floor? Can small dogs slither underneath?
Does it make noise when opening or closing?
what is the maximum length that the gate will cover? my area is 8 ft..
Is the mesh easy to clean or does it stain easily?
can this be used on a trundle bed that has no boxspring?
Would this rail work with a 5 inch foam mattress?
would this work with a mattress on the floor?
Is this product BPA, phthalate, PVC and lead-free?
Where is this product manufactured?
Would this work with a platform bed that has a lip on it?
Would this work for a top bunk in a college dorm with a metal spring frame?
Can this be used when bed sits inside frame and not on boxspring? My daughter hs a trundle bed where the mattress sits inside the frame.
would this fit on a crib with one side taken off? Plan to ease into the transition while we wait for his bed to get here.
How do I install this on a twin bed with a box spring?
What size is the shield? regular or 24mm or large 27mm?
does this set work for the pump in style advanced breast pump??
does it come in a Medela box please? I want to buy this as a gift for a friend, thanks
Is this come with one or is it sold as a set (one for each breast)?
Is this fit for the swing&#xFF1F;
Does this include the connectors that are shown in the photo?
because this is one big piece, can this be used with the Medela Easy Expression Hands-Free Bustier?
I intend to use this for cloth diapers. What's the most successful way? Soak, wash, then rewash them with Charlie's soap or wash and use extra rinse only?
Does this help remove deodorant build up on clothes?
Is it supposed to sud? Or the crazy suds I got when using it alone (no detergent at all) is only from the clothes and sud buildups in my washer?
Does this work to get rid of dingy marks on sheets? I have pale blue sheets with body-shaped dingy spots! Ewww!
Hi. Has anyone tried this to remove the stench of chemicals/fab softener from hand me downs? I am curious about trying it on dark colors as well.
What are the ingredients? We are sensitive to chemicals and fragrances
Can you have the car seat with a child and the stroller with another child in it at the same time?
What black car seat base is compatible with the car seat that comes with this stroller system?
Does this set come with the car seat base for the car?
Is the car seat rear facing?
what is the shipping dimensions? I meanwith original box's size
I am having the hardest time deciding between the Onya Outback or the Boba (3g or 4g)...help! We have a Mei Tai wrap (which we love but are outgrowing). In need of a great carrier for my 9 mo. old. for hiking and travel. Any advice welcome. Thanks.
Can this be used with an infant? Can the baby sit facing in AND out?
Does this carrier work well for short ladies? I am 5'1.
How does it work in summer?
Can you put this in the laundry machine?
Would this work for both my husband and I? How expandable are the straps? He is a lot bigger than I am.
How wide is the base? I'm looking for a carrier that will have proper knee-to-knee support for my 15 month old well into toddlerhood. Does this
Would this be good for hiking? We like to hike 15-30mins to waterfalls in our area. My daughter is 31in tall and about 27lbs.
Is this a good product for hot weather? I'm looking for the coolest carrier for Texas weather.
Is it possible to use this carrier on your chest with the child facing forward?
Can the volume be adjusted, it sucks
how do we turn up the volume?
how do we turn up the volume?
Is the blue border a dusty blue/gray or is it aqua?
What are the measurements of the quilt, sheet and bumper?
Where do I find the wall hangings in the picture? All I see is the 3 soft wall hangings, not the ones pictured.
I live in Puerto Rico which is part of the USA. Are you able to ship to PR 00714?
What are the measurements of the window valance?
Is this set for mini cribs?
Can the crotch strap be adjusted to a longer length
How heavy is this car seat?
Can this car seat sit rear facing?
Is there any way to make it rear facing? If not will need to buy new carseat.
Do you know the manufacture date and expiration date on this car seat?
Is it FAA approved?
Does it have one or two adult cup holders?
Does it have one or two adult cup holders?
does it come with car base
What fire retardant chemicals are used in this mattress?
What is it made of? Did it smell of chemicals when you received it?
What are the exact dimensions of this mattress?
Does this work with a Graco Pack N Play?
LA Baby site says the cover is "waterproof" organic cotton. Has anyone tested how waterproof this fabric really is before adding an additional cover?
Has anyone used this while also bathing a sibling? My oldest will be 21 months older than our newborn-to-be and I wanted to bathe them together.
"This doesnt actually hold water right? Is it for use in a tub already filled with water?"
Can this seat be submerged under the water? My 5mth old needs to soak as she has eczema, just wondering if this would be a good option for her.
What age span is this good for?
Hello, do you know if this mattress fits the pottery barn kendal crib?
Hi, does anyone know if this fits in the Stork Craft Portofino 4-in-1 convertible crib? Just wondering if all the mattresses are of standard size.Thx!
Does anyone know when you can switch from the infant to toddler side.....my son is almost a year old....is it time to switch to toddler?
Black Spots Inside Mattress? I notice black spots inside the mattress..is this a wrap they use or is this mold?
Does this mattress fit babyletto scoot 3-in -1 crib?
Does this mattress have a vinyl cover on it, or is it just like a normal mattress?
Will this mattress fit delta bentley S series crib? Plz let me know urgently
Does this mattress fix perfectly for Summer Infant Freemont Easy Reach 4-in-1 Convertible Crib ? This is the dimension for the crib 58.9 x 43.7 x 5.1
Hi, do you know how well this mattress fits the Dream On Me - Liberty 4-in-1 Convertible Crib?
59&acirc;&#128;&sup3;x31&acirc;&#128;&sup3;x53.7&acirc;&#128;&sup3; is the dimensions to my crib will this fit?
Are the packs one use per cartridge
Can you only use the cartridge once?
how many time do you use one warm heat
Is the comforter warm enough for the winter?
What is the wight of these items: Lambs &amp; Ivy Jake Blanket - Lambs &amp; Ivy Jake Bumper - Lambs &amp; Ivy Jake 5 Piece Bedding Set?
What is the dimensions of the carton for these items: Lambs &amp; Ivy Jake Blanket - Lambs &amp; Ivy Jake Bumper - Lambs &amp; Ivy Jake 5 Piece Bedding Set?
What are the dimensions of the required bed for this product?
Till what age can you use this travel crib?
Can you carry this travel crib on the plane or do u need to check it?
What are the dimensions of this travel crib when set up? I want to use it as a play yard also.
It seems smaller as per dimentions,can i use it for my 8 months old son?
Is it a good size for air travel? How small does it fold up?
It looks like the mattress is suspended above the floor a few inches...is that true? Or...will the mattress be supported by the floor?Please clarify
Will this work if your child is able to stand and almost walk?
How firm is the mattress they provide? it looks rather soft. Has anyone used a different but firmer mattress?
The video shows mesh going all the way down, but the photos show solid fabric going up the bottom -- which is the current version?
Which size is right for rice cereal etc?
Can I use this item with Philips Avent BPA Free Classic bottle?
Do anyone know why the nipple would collapse as he's drinking. Also what is the notch for on the screw ring?
does the natural nipple fit with the standard bottle?
what is the difference between this one and the standart one?
Medium flow means #2 or #3?
how often should you change the nipple?
which has slower flow the newborn or the slow flow?
Does newborn nipples fit on the 9 ounce Avent Natural bottles or fit only on 4 ounce bottles?
Can you use these with Medela 5 ounce baby bottles?
The nipple collapse.. Does this mean i need to move up a size?
Are those made with medical grade silicone?
The pictures associated with the newborn flow are for the classic system. Will the natural nipples arrive?
Do the natural newborn flow nipples fit on other bottles?
How many do i need for the first year of my baby??? Which one do i use for milk feeding? Not sure if it depends on the liquid density or baby age.
which one is only 1 hole?
are they dishwasher safe to use, both the bottle and nipples? Thankyou
Which one has 4holes?
Are the fast flow size 4?
We have tried putting a little oatmeal cereal in my son's bottle, it's too thick for both the 1 and 2 flow nipples. Has anyone tried it with the 3 flow nipple?
Hello, the description said there's plastic and silicone, are there any plastic? thanks
Is it compatible to the Philips AVENT Classic Newborn Gift Set, ?
i have classic bottles can i use these nipples or i need natural bottles as well?
do these fit on the wide bottles?
Is there an expiration date on this?
Is there a LATCH hook on this ?
Is this FAA approved.
does this convert into a booster seat without a back?
What is the height limit on this seat?
Does someone know if a 37 inch child could fit in the 5 pt harness. Could you measure where the bum would rest to the top shoulder strap would be?
What year was this car seat/booster made?
Does anyone know the weight limit for the 5 point harness? It looks like once the child reaches 40 pounds you use the shoulder belt in the car.
Is this faa approved? Does it have a sticker indicating that on the seat?
Is this FAA approved to use on air planes?
what is the heighth recomendation
What is the width of the seat? Will it fit in an airplane seat without bothering other people?
Is. It good for a 1 year old
Does anyone know the specs for the height of the carseat. My child is extremely tall.
Exactly how wide is the base across from side to side at its widest point? Thank you.
Need to replace car seat for 3 yr not ready for just a booster. Are these straps adjustable for 3-5 year olds?
what are the options to install this? I see reviews say latch system....what if we don't have the latches in our vehicle? How does seatbelt work?
We want to buy this for a plane ride for a trip In a month, our son meets the weight requirements but is only 31.5 inches, would it still be safe?
My son is not quite the height recommendation of 34in. (He's 31.5) Should I not use this seat until he meets the height recommended? He's 28lbs19mos
Do these stack easily and stand up stacked in your pantry?
Are these microwave safe?
Are these microwave and dishwasher safe?
Are these really BPA free, phthalate free, and PVC free? The packaging only list BPA free. I contacted the company but haven't heard back.
Do they have anti-skid bottom?
Do you find these hold onto soap? Ours are continually greasy and only truly "clean" feeling after the dishwasher despite us trying diff soaps etc
Do these stack easily and stand up stacked in your pantry?
do they have suction on the bottom
Do these plates warp? I had their regular (non-divided) plates and they warped after the first time they were washed.
Do you have covers for these plates?
Are these plates too small for a five-year-old? I can't find dimensions.
Does this set include the light pink plates (older style) or the company's new bright pink plates?
Can you put these plates in the microwave?
can anyone tell me what the diameter of the base of this cup is? also, what is the overall height?
Got these yesterday, I screwed the cover on and shook to see about leakage, milk was stuck on the lid portion and started seeping out of top, is norm?
are these microwavable? easy to drink milk from it? my son has issues with nuk transition cup,looking for alternative
How many ounces do these cups hold?
Ar the forks pointy enough to spear food?
Why are you charging $8.33 when, in reality, they are only $3.99?
are they dishwasher safe, top rack?
Are these good to serve pasta with sauce, oatmeal etc? Thanks
Is it safe to serve hot/warm food in these bowls?
Do the bowls have lids?
How many fluid ounces do these bowl hold?
Are these microwave-safe?
What is the diameter of the bowl?
Does this mattress fit the Kendall crib by Pottery Barn?
Does this mattress seem to slope down at the sides at all, like the reviews say for the higher-priced Naturepedic No Compromises? Any sagging issues?
Does the Lullaby Earth Super Lightweightweight Crib Mattress 2-stage fit the Ikea Gulliver crib?
Can anyone who has used this mattress for more than 1 year comment on the quality? Any issues with lumpiness?
When pressing slightly on the mattress there is a rustling noise, which comes from the material inside the mattress. Will this noise disturb the baby?
Does this mattress fit either the babyletto mercer 3 in 1 or Hudson 3 in 1 crib? The website says it takes a 52"L x 27.5"W mattress but this mattress measures 52x28.
The waterproof cover doesn't wrap the mattress snugly on the corners, causing small air pockets at the corners. Is this a safety issue?
Dose it fit a child craft crib?
Does it fit the Jenny Lind crib properly?
Since the mattress is so light, does a standing toddler cause the opposite end of the mattress to flip up or rise?
what is the difference between this mattress and their "stage 2" mattress that is $30 more? Which is the better purchase?
What percentage of food grade polyethylene foam is used vs. polyester? And which part exactly is the polyester used for?
Do we need a waterproof mattress pad or is it enough that the mattress itself is waterproof?
Is this an innerspring for foam mattress?
Does this mattress have border rods?
Has someone used this mattress with the Angelcare movement monitor? Did it work reliably?
When the baby shifts in the crib this mattress makes a rustling noise which wakes him up. Will a mattress pad help &amp; is it safe to use?
what sheets fit this mattress?
Does anyone feel like this mattress is TOO hard?
Do you have to air out this mattress like you do with other mattresses? Or can you use it right out of the package?
will this fit a table of 198 inches?
does anyone know what material this is made of? is it plastic/pvc? cloth? is there a flame retardant tag on it? thanks!
My rectangular coffee table measures 172" total. Will the thudguard fit?
What material is this made of? Is there flame retardant applied or built in to the material?
can this be used for avent bottles?thank you
can i use this with other bottle brands
Is it BPA free ?
do you have to rinse out the bottles before putting them in? how do you clean the machine?
is this product dual voltage so that i can travel to with
Can it be used with glass bottles such as Dr. Browns?
used to power 110v, and if used to sterilize baby bottles avent
can i use it with mam bottles
what is the largest size bottle that can be used with this sterilizer? thanks
what is the largest size bottle that can be used with this sterilizer? 9 oz.?
Will a dog walking on this mat puncher holes in it easily? I am talking about just walking on it not clawing at it or rough play. Is it pretty durabl
Exactly how thick are the pieces? 1/2 inch? more? less?
Is it easy to clean?
Can this be used on carpet? Thinking about using it to set up my sons train tracks on that are too big for a train table.
Can the mat tiles be arranged so it is all dark brown on one side instead of two tone?
Has anyone used this product outdoors? How does it hold up?
Is the brown of the taupe/brown set the same brown as the green/brown set?
what are the dimensions of the box it comes in?
is it a foldable one ?
Is the music, lion king music? Or random safari music?
Hi, from what age up to what age is this play gym suitable for? Thanks :-))
Where do you insert the batteries?
I want to clarify - is it a volume weight of 6.4 pounds or net weigth?
Is the mat water proof or cotton material?
Does this gym has lights on the top or only on the mirror?
We have marble floors, so does this have enough padding to put onto that--meaning a layer of foam--or do we need to place on carpet or foam play mats?
Does it work if your handles are not on the bottom but higher up to the top of the glass?
Also, does your handle have to be open? Ours is a solid wood handle. Is this not going to work for this product? Thank you!
How tall is the bottom bar? There is only about 1.5 cm from our handles to the marble of our fireplace. Does that leave enough room? Thanks!
Can you use this with a gas fireplace when it is on?
Is the seat fabric or a washable plastic? Looking for something for a church nursery that can be cleaned easily
Is this easy to move around room to room and through doorways?
Are the toys removable?
Did anybody else have 6 extra wheels (the 1-inch disks that allow the seat to turn)? My kit came with 6 white and 6 red and only spots for 6 total.
Is there a max height for this product?
does it fold up for storage
What is the suggested age for this device?
Does anyone know where I can buy the pieces that holds up the bottom part
what is the difference between the Baby Einstein Baby Neptune Activity Center and the Baby Einstein Baby Neptune Activity Saucer?
Does this exersaucer include a bouncer pad? It looks like others that do, but it doesn't specifically say so.
What kind of batteries does it use?
How easy is this to store? Does it collapse for storage ?
I would like to know whether this product is Latex Free. If not would like to know which part(s) are Latex free.
I put something on it wrong and can't get it out of the socket. Help
what's maximum height for baby to use?
What is the weight limit?
is this a replacement for the recalled center
I don't understand how you use it with the turtle hanging from the top. It just hits my babies in the head. Am I doing it wrong?
How does this screw to the tv? Do we drill holes?
It screws into the wall?
will these work on a 70 inch sitting on tv stand?
These straps are white; do they come in black?
Tv in corner. TV strapped to stand, but I also want to attach stand to wall. Would this work for TV stand positioned at a diagonal (need long straps).
Is this listing for 1 strap, or a pair (2)?
does thing will fix a 65 inch curved tv
How long is each strap? I'm wondering how close or far from the wall I need to position the TV. Thanks!
Would these straps fit onto the older non-flat (analog) TVs?
How do the straps actually attach to the television?
What are the 4 componets to this set?
What size mattress does this set fit?
Is it 100% cotton?
What comes in this set? I don't see anything in the description.
Is the comforter thick, because it looks very thin in the picture?
Whats the height of the tray from the floor?
Is the cushion on this soft? I noticed people have posted that the tray is too far away so food drops, is that common?
I was wondering about the actual color of the red highchair. It says it is red but the picture definitely looks more like a fusia.
Does this fit the expedition travel system car seat?
Is it compatible with the baby trend millennium car seat?
will this base work with baby trends envy series?
Will this car seat base fit all Baby Trend car seat models? The model # we use is TJ93412
Does this base fit the Baby Trend EZ Ride 5 Travel System - car seat and stroller?
I have an older car that doesn't have the latch system. Can you also fix this with just a seat belt?
What is the difference between this base, which is sold separately and the base that comes with the Baby Trend Expedition LX Travel System Millennium?
I have a 2006 Chrysler Town and Country minivan. I purchased this item and it does not fit. Can you please help me?
Will this work with Baby Trend Expedition ELX Travel System? I see questions about the LX, but i wasn't sure if the ELX was different.
Does this work with the Babies R Us Pioneer Travel System?
My friend is having a little girl but these are her colors. Does it refer to "baby boy" inside or would it work for a baby girl also?
The album holdes photos with size 13cm / 18cm?
Is it possible to add more pages for more photos?
is there space on the side to write descriptions of the pictures?
are there a lot of blank pages for parents to use as they wish?
Does this book make any specific reference to "boy" or is it just "baby?" The color is perfect for my purposes.
Does this book have any pockets for first hair, etc?
Does this book have a page for people to sign that go the baby shower?
Does this baby book include a page for hand and foot print ?
I would like to know how many years of the baby's life are covered in this memory book?
I am trying to repurpose a coffee table if I paint my coffee table in a matt color would these stickers work well if I paint over it with a clear coat
Are the branches and birds black or dark brown?
Would these work with fiberglass, or on fridge
Are the blossoms or birds part of the branches?
About how long are the tree branches? Thanks!
Can anyone tell me if the tree and birds are black or brown?
Can I use this for car window or on car body?
Can I use these on my windows?
Does this product come with the bumper? It says 8 piece set but only lists 7 pieces. Thanks!
Which is the security blanket? A normal blanket?
Which is the Size of the sheet and blanket?
I need this for a twin bed for a 2 1/2 yr old. Does it comein that size?
what is the difference between this set and the 6 piece set?
How many panels are included?
How many panels are included? Pls advice how many panels are included in the package?
How do you close the tieback?
Most standard cribs are 56 x 26. Is this designed for a baby doll crib?
What crib measurements would this bumper fit in?
Is the bumper new and in its original package?
Have an odd size toddler bed 29 x 67, will it fit?
What size is the pillow case?
is it for full or twin mattress?
Will the fitted sheet fit the 57x28 in matress?
this is coming up under cotton sheets but says micro fiber...which is it?
What size pillow will fit in the pillow case?
Does fit on full size ?
Does it arrive with 4 nipples? are all slow flow?
Does this come with a brush? The picture of the box shows a brush, but my order summary says it comes with a pacifier instead?
do these clean well in the dishwaser?
How far is the 3 position recline? Far back enough for a quick nap?
Is the back sit good for a 5 month old baby? He is about 19 lbs.
Is this stroller the Kinderwagon stroller or a off brand. What is the difference between these?
does either seat recline to a flat position?
I am returning mine for another - hoping it was just a bad egg - has anyone had problems with the strap in the rear seat NOT move thru the clasp?
Can you lock an infant carrier in either compartment or do you have to take the baby out and strap them into the carseat?
Is this stroller good for travelling?
Does this stroller come with air tires? Or do you buy those separately?
How much is an addition bassinet?
is this the 2013 model?
hi, i'm confused with the information of the product because it doesn't say anything about the bumper, so, i need to be 100% sure that this set comes with the bumper. this is a gift to send to another country, so i can't miss the bumper. thank you.
When it says it includes the sheet, does that mean the fitted sheet?
Is the blanket large enough Or does it look too small in a standard size crib?
I'm confused as the info says no bumper pads included, where do I get the matching crib bumper pads to purchase?
I have a question about the wall art is it what is seen in picture. Many say it is cardboard. Looking for the stuffed animal kind
Are bumper guards included in this?
14 inches , are the real dimentions ?
Do you have to use the automatic bounce feature or can the baby make it bounce?
Does it have a soothing vibration feature that you can use without bouncing?
Would you recommend buying rechargeable batteries? How often do you have to change the batteries?
Does this bouncer have an AC adaptor/cord to use instead of only battery power?
Did any of you face a problem with the length of the rocker. Can the legs fall out beyond the bouncer?
What country is it made in?
Does it really bounce?
Does it have a 2 different seat positions
What is the weight limit for using this bouncer?
Does the seat detach from the actual bouncer? I had one years ago that looked like this that detached and I'm trying to find the same one.
parent unit power supply: it says the parent units are battery powered (with rechargeable batteries included), but is there also an option to plug into the wall?
Can the two parent units be used to communicate with one another? (Like a walkie talkie so parents can talk without being heard on the baby unit?)
Has anyone tried this across two separate buildings? My mother has dementia and lives in a cottage just 10 feet next to our house. She has fallen, forgot that she has a Lifeline, and just yells out to me (fortunately she got up ok that time). She keeps...
Does parent units have separate power adapters? So that I can set them plugged in, always on, without having to worry about charging every night?
Will two of these units conflict with the same frequency?
Do battery packs need to be put in the parent units or can they be plugged into an outlet w/o and will work provided kept in power adapter all times
distance
I have this product and my parent units will not link with the baby unit anymore. What can I do?
The reviews look great other than the units not linking at or around the 6 month mark per the reviews. Normally I do not pay much attention to negative reviews when there are so many positive reviews, but almost all of the negative reviews are of the...
If I buy two of these (2 baby units/4 parent units) will they all work together? One baby unit in each child's room, parent units spread around home.
Why did you buy this product instead of a video baby monitor? Is it just price, or something else? Trying to decide for myself!
Is anyone using two (2) of these units successfully without problems? We often have two grandchildren staying and would like to buy a second unit.
Is the distance range really close to 1,000 feet? I want to use this as a barn monitor for baby goats, and our barn is quite a ways from the house.
Does the baby unit have a rechargeable battery too, or just the parent unit?
How long will the parent unit's battery lasts when it is fully charged?
I am going to use this with my 90 year old mom. Is there a button for her to turn on to talk to me?
I have two children, can I operate two separate units in the same house?
do you have to use the rechargeable batteries?
Can it be used with supply power of 220 (Europe) ?
SENSITIVITY is set to LEVEL 5, VOL 5, and I can barely hear Mom. Only 1-2 green lites when she makes any sound...? Anyone know why? Thx!
do I have to buy additional monitor to go with it? I do not see that in the product image
Can we combine this with the audio monitor and receiver, and monitor two rooms at once?
I need a replacement cord for one of the cameras...Do you sell them or ?
Is there any way to monitor sound from two rooms? It doesn't have to be constant. Is there any type of scan feature for the audio?
does it come with hardware to attach to a wall or other hard surface?
where is the camera
Can the stream from this camera only be viewed from the vtech monitor? Can this be linked via wifi to view on tablet or pc? Many thanks in advance.
is the monitor portable or does it have to be stationary?
How long does the music play?
my present monitor is not very loud. 1. Will the tv on in the room interfere with the sound and how loud is the audio? I need it to be very loud.
The camera keeps switching from color to black and white even when the light in the room stays the same. is it defective?
Does the camera have night vision?
Does the camera have a wall charger, or does it just take batteries?
Does this camera have a sleep mode, where the monitor picture turns off, but the volume stays on?
Do the power adapters work also at international voltages (220v)?
How can I remove a camera so that when it is in patrol it doesn't search for a camera that's not there every time?
Does it works with 110V or 220v?
Does this model allow for cup holder attachments for the seats and does the sun visor adjust to come down over the kids faces?
Is this jogger able to hold an infant carrier?
does tgis stroller fit thru a normal doorway?
Is it a good stroller for air travel? does it collapse well for the airplane?
I have two very tall boys 3&amp;4 and am looking for something that will work and need something that collapses to fit in full van. Will this work?
Do the seats recline individually?
Are you able to get a cupholder for both sides so you can use a baby car seat in one side?
Is this color of this stroller lime green or yellow? Thanks!
is the capacity 50# total? or per seat?
Can a 2 year old toddler fit?up to what age can fit?
Does it have the "trigger" near the handlebars to lock the front wheel?
does this stroller comes with the mp3 cord?
does it hold a baby trend car seat
Does anyone know if the seat reclines all the way back, in a horizontal position?
Does anyone know if this stroller would fit a graco snug ride carseat in it?
How much does this stroller weigh? I do not see that in the description.
Does the seat sit straight up? My son is constantly leaning forward in the stroller we have now!
Where can I get a replacement tire? My grandbaby is only 2 months old and the tire has flattened to the point that it actually came off the wheel!
Does a flex lock base come with the car seat or do you have to buy it separately ? Also do you need it for the stroller? Thanks
Does this car seat fit the Baby Trend Snap-N-Go Ex stroller?
Does this car seat connect to the Baby Trend Expedition ELX? Thank you!
Does the back of the carseat have a knob to adjust straps or do you have to take straps out to adjust?
The specs say this is 16" wide has anyone had any luck fitting this 3 across? I would be using it with 2 booster seats.
Can you use this in the car without the base?
Does the sunshade cover the entire length of the seat or is there only partial coverage?
Is it compatible with Baby Trend Sit N Stand Double, Carbon?
DOES IT REALLY TAKE 1-2 MONTHS TO RECEIVE?
Does the head support insert for small infant actually supports the head or it doesn't work very well in doing so?
How is the cushion of the seat cover? Is it comfotable for long hour trip on an airplane??
Could you recommand more soft and comfy Evenflo Convertible car seat???
Is this 5pt harness?
Does this car seat recline?
Is it easy to install for a rear facing child?
does this car seat also face front for older toddler
is this car seart on a re call?
Do I need to use a locking clip with this if my seatbelt locks?
Does it have the anchor straps for added security, in addition to using the seatbelt straps??
Does this purchase come with the base for the car seat? I can't tell by the pictures.
Does this bag fit the Baby Jogger City Mini stroller? Or just umbrella strollers?
Will "The First Years Jet Stroller" fit in this bag?
measurements are correct product 9.8 x 5.5 x 3.2 inches?? the figure product shown larger. thanks !!
Will this fit an uppababy cruz?
Will this fit in the summer 3dl lite stroller? Thank you.
Anybody tried it with baby jogger city select ?
Can you fit a double stroller in this bag? City Select Double
Will a peg perego book stroller fit?
Does the Graco SnugRider Elite Stroller fit in this bag?
Will this fit a Phil&amp;Teds Classic inline stroller?
Does it fit the Medela Pump in Style Advance?
is the tubing 1/4" interior diameter? Thanks!
Will this fit a PIS 1998? If not where would I get one?
does this work on the medula double ease?
does this come with two tubing
How do you get it open quickly if there's an emergency?
I have double hung vinyl windows . Does this device work in this type of window?
How to install it. Do you have to screw anything in or do you just put it in place?
Will these work for screen windows? Thanks
Does the bracket itself protrude much? I am worried about being able to completely open my windows when the stopper is removed from the bracket.
Can anyone tell me the dimensions of the "block" part of this? The Amazon description says 6"X4"X.5". This seems quite large. Or is it package size
Will these work on the newer style "plastic" windows? Or are they only meant for wood windows?
How many of these did you use per window? 1 per window or 1 on each side of the window?
Do I have the option to have the window fully open when at home and then 4 inches when I am at work for my cat?
Do these work on slider style windows? My windows open from right to left, nit up and down.
Do the lids to these Take &amp; Toss Snack Cups fit on the Take &amp; Toss sippy cups?
how many snack cups are in this set? is it 2 packs of 6 each?
Do these cups fit in a bottle warmer?
are the lids easy to take on and off easily? Are these sturdy or thin plastic?
Are these freezer safe?
Are these microwave safe?
What material are the wheels made? Thank you
Are the canopies removable?
will it fit in the trunk of a Toyota camry?
What is included in this model? Is it possible regulate footboard?
What year is this model?
my older one is 37 inch. i m wondering if there will be comfortable leg room for her after 1 year ? I mean what is maximum height for a child to sit in this stroller comfortably?
I have a tall 3 year old and wonder if it will accomidate older children as well?
Could you please give me the shipping dimension? (Size of the box) thank you
Is the bumper bar only one for both seats, or 2 (one for each seat)?
Is there a size chart for these things? I want to know what size to get for my 7 month old.
what size for a 15 month old?
whats the difference in the small and large, which age do you recommend the sizes for?
does the large size work on a 4 year old?
Will these fit an average 3 month old?
Where is this product made in? I know it says Taiwan but I have seen China as well. So, would like some clarification.
Are they small enough for a baby girl that's 8 months old?
Are these made from material that is safe for baby to chew on?
lanrge can fit how old chiladren?
What age range does size small fit?
Anyone have any problems with their babies pulling the glasses off of their face? And if so what solutions have you used to resolve it?
My friend, her son is 1 year old .head circumference is 47 cm, interpupillary distance is 6.5 cm, can he wear a small one?
Need to know size to order. 29 lb. boy and 19 lb. girl , and 4 year old girl
how is the sizing?
Age range is supposed to be 3-7 years... Does anyone have a six or seven year old who wears these? How old when your child outgrew them?
I am an Esthetican looking for a small pillow for my treatment room for facials. Do you think this would be ok for clients?
What are the Dimensions of pillow
what size is it?
size?
Do they also sell back up pillow cases?
What size nipples come on the bottles in this set?
Gift set including???????
Does this gift set come with the active flow vent system? Or do yo have to purchase those separately?
Does anyone know if these bottles will fit on the spectra s2 breast pump?
Are they glass bottle or else? Are the nipple made of silicon? Are they wide neck bottle?
Does this one make sound? What is the difference between this one and Cloud B twilight turtle? THANKS
Is the light strong enough to project waves to cover an entire room?
Thinking of buying but price seems crazy. Worth it? Thanks in advance!!
I place the item on bed but anyway to avoid the baby from staring directly onto the LED source? it's too bright for the eyes
Is it normal for the water motion to hitch for a split second? Ours is doing that (newly purchased) and just wondering if this is normal.
can you have the turtle projector off if you want it off?
sleep training
does this have a limited playing time or will it play all night
Could a 2 1/2 year old turn it on again by himself if he wakes up and needs soothing?
I've seen the aqua tranquil turtle - its light seems to be a matching green-ish blue. Does the purple tranquil turtle have purple lights?
Is the baby unit portable or does it have to be plugged in?
Does anyone else have problems with the power plug being slightly loose? Mine randomly starts beeping rapidly and is very tempremental.
Can you use more then one of these units within the same household? Will they interfere with one another?
Is there a headphone jack?
Does this work in countries with 220 voltage?
Does this come with a wall adapter for the base and portable handset?
Hi, do they fit Cybex Topaz? the one that appears as JUST BLACK in this announcement, is it the towel one or the regular one? thanks!
is this fit to maclaren techno xt?
Will it fit a double Maclaren Techno? Also, do you need to remove existing grips before putting them on or just place over existing?
Hi, do they fit Maclaren Quest? Tks!
Will this fit the Graco breeze?
car base: does this product come with stay in car base?
How much does the seat alone weigh? I'm trying to find a seat that I can actually carry around!
The Britax Chapperone does not go in shopping carts. Does the B-safe??
Do you need a newborn insert for this??
Is the cushion covering washable?
Is this car seat compatible with the BOB SE stroller?
Does anybody else find the base IMPOSSIBLE to adjust (up and down)? I'm wondering if I should try to get a replacement.
Is this the 2013 or 2014 model? Is this compatible with the 2014 City Select Baby Jogger?
This car seat seems to be a bit deep and seems have an acute angle compared to others. Does anyone feel if it will be uncomfortable for infants?
Would this car seat be good for a smaller car? Next to a booster seat?
Will the tray be able to clamp onto a table with a rim that has a somewhat sloped underside (the bottom of rim is not completely parallel to top)?
I only have an inch of space underneath my table- will the tray still be able to clamp to that?
Does this tray work with a stokke high chair?
Isn't a tray table with a suction cup (such as the one by Summer Infant Tiny Diner) simpler overall?
Is this going to work with a round table? and How much thick the table top should be to use the clamp function?
What is the tray made of, plastic or silicone? If plastic, what type?
Will this clip damage a real wood table?
Will it fit most restaurant tables?
has anyone used this with the Chicco hook-on chair? I'm thinking it may be too wide for that.
What is the green part of the tray made of?
How many wide neck Dr. Brown bottles would this bag fit?
How many wide neck Dr. Brown bottles would this bag fit?
Would this fit two 1 quart mason jars?
Can this bag fit the Tommie Tippie bottles? Thanks.
How many skinny 8 oz Dr. Brown bottles can you fit in the bottom compartment of this bag?
Do the pods have individual caps and can they be frozen for storage?
Can you pump directly into a storage bag with this system?
I want to know if the product contains all of the second photo? Please I want a detailed description of what is in the box.
Has anyone had success resolving the loss of suction problem using the troubleshooting options under FAQs on the company website?
Can you use this pump hands free? (obviously with one of those special bras, or a a sports bra that's been made to work like one) Anything to share?
Hi there, we intend to travel does the adapter support 120--240v for the power supply (worldwide?)
Do you have to do both breasts at once? Or does this pump allow for doing one breast at a time if need be?
Does it plug into the wall or is it battery only?
I know this company is based in the UK. Wondering if the actually plug can fit into a USA socket.
Can someone tell me how easy it is to install on an airplane? want to make sure it is very easy to do. thanks
is this faa approved with sticker, that says faa approved?
Can you use this car seat in a taxi? Is there a way to quickly latch using seat belt?
does this seat recline?
Does this seat work well without using a top tether?
is this car seat still available?
My grandaughter is 8 mos. old, 27 inches and 17 lbs. She has outgrown her current infant car seat. Is this a good fit for her?
does it fit 3 across in a midsize vehicle
I can't get the harnesses to go up to and ift on the top slot for the child to have them over his shoulder, are the straps too small?
rear facing
Do they leak? I currently use containers from Ikea and those leak terribly (of course, they are super cheap!).
how is the lid? does it leak if you travel with it in the diaper bag?
Can these be used in bottle warming devices?
where are these made?
Can I use this for a pac-n-play?
does this cover use low density food grade polyethylene? if so is it at least 5 mil?
any suggestions on a cover for a Twin mattress?
can you recommend a cotton sheet to use with this?
what material and how thick is this cover made of?
Can you attach it on the back of the front seat head rest so your front facing child can watch?
Can a charger cable be used while using this case?
Can headphones be plugged in while using this holder? It isn't clear if there's access to the headphone jack.
would it fit ihpone 5 in a otterbox defender series?
Does it fits an iPhone 5?
Does it matter if I purchase the regular tray or the double tray if I have the double stroller?
Do you purchase the regular tray if the double stroller is a tandem stroller rather than a side by side?
Is this compatible with the Britax single stroller as well
Can you use an infant seat (B-safe) on one side along with this tray on the other side for a toddler?
IS THIS FIT FOR GRACO STROLLER?
B agile double stroller tray: Given that this tray fits the double stroller but is only for one side at a time, why is it more expensive than the tray for the single B agile stroller?
does it fit baby jogger city select?
If I order two RayShades, will I be able to attach both to my side by side double stroller?
Does it work with a maclaren volo, without a canopy?
Will this cover a Combi stroller?
Does this work with the G3 Orbit stroller?
Will this work with an umbrella side by side stroller that DOES NOT have a canopy?
Does it fit baby jogger vue stroller
Would this work on a phil and teds stroller on the second seat?
doe sit fit walmart urbini travel system stroller?
Does it work with a Britax B-Agile stroller?
How tall is this tree once all the leaves are on?
Has anyone had any experience using this on a textured wall? we have a heavy knockdown texture to our drywall
Want to send overseas, is this sent in a tube or if a flat package can it be rolled?
What is the width of the tree?
Is there a difference between the "Classic" and "Plush in style or details other than the price?
Is the motor quiet in day-to-day use? It seemed rather loud when we tried out the floor model at Babies R Us.
whats weight limit
Does this one include Bluetooth?
Can you please tell me if this can be used in Europe 220V? Thank you
What is the warranty on this device?
What is the dimension of the rectangular plate-like portion where the user can place a cellphone? Thank you!
Is an additional infant insert needed with this item for a baby less than 3 months old?
What is the difference between the RockaRoo and the Mamaroo?
Hello. On what the child's weight is calculated this chair? As details written in 96 lbs.
does this run on battery?
Are there any major differences between this model (says "2012") and the newest model available?
What is the difference between the $178.00 mamaroo, the $199.00, and the $238 one?
Can it recline to become a flat-back for sleeping??
Does it shake or vibrate slightly on the upswing?
Why is this mamaRoo so much cheaper than the same mamaRoo on target and babiesRus? Is this a older model compared to the other sites I've seen?
How do I purchase/replace the zippered cloth seat without having to buy a whole new baby swing?
what voltage does this appliance use? Thanks.
What is the purpose of the additional insert that you can buy in addition?
Would this fit over a Maclaren double stroller?
Will this fit with the side-by-side Graco FastAction Fold Duo LX Click Connect Stroller?
Would this fit a combi double stroller?
Does this fit over a Double City Mini?
If used on the Britax double stroller, does it fit with the infant car seat attached to the stroller?
For those of you using this with City Mini Double, If you have the belly bar and snack trays attached, will it still fit? I, too, like it better than the baby jogger one since you can see the children through the canopy viewer.
Will this fit a baby trend double jogging stroller?
Will this rain cover work with an Instep double jogging stroller with a swivel wheel?
How do they breath? It is plastic top to bottom.
What room did you put it in? Baby's room?
Do you have to buy the newborn insert separately?
does this use flame retardants?
My baby is 9 lbs do I need the insert?
Does it support 220v electricity? Can it be used in Europe?
If I buy this through Amazon will I get any type of warranty?
Does this model work with the 4moms app so you can control the seat from your phone?
Is this the 2015 model?
How fast does this model go? The older models were, from what I hear, slow and did not mimic real mommy movement
do you ship to the UK?
I am pretty short so does one side of the crib have an opening/lock feature so that I can pick up the baby?
Are the rails for the full size bed included? if not, where can they be purchased?
Is this color like a true espresso brown? Thanks so much!
are there toddler rails specifically for this bed? what about the full size conversion rails...sold separate or come with original purchase of bed?
what size mattress fits this crib?
Once converted, does the toddler and day bed use the crib mattress or a twin mattress??
Does it come with the toddler bed conversion hardware
What are the dimensions of the item in the shipping box?
Im not getting great reviews.... debating on ordering it?
Are people using crib bumpers with this crib?If so, mesh bumper or regular bumper? Thanks!
Does it fit a baby jogger city elite?
Is this item ok for summer? Or does it make kids sweat more? Greetings from sunny Italy ;)
How red is the red?
does this strolller liner fit a bugabooo
Does it fit a Chicco Capri / Umbrella stroller? And any chance fitting a Britax Advocate / Marathon carseat?
does it fit a mamas and papas stroller
is this fit to maclaren techno xt?
Will this product fit First Years Ignite Stroller ?
Does this fit the mountain buggy nano stroller?
So does it fit the First Years Ignite Stroller?
Does this keep child cool in summer or does it get too hot?
will it fit on joovey groove ultralight umbrella stroller?
Has anyone used this with Britax B-agile?
Does this fit a City Select? And is it machine washable?
Does anyone know if this fits a BOB stroller?
Will this fit the Uppa Baby G-lite?
Does it fit the city select baby jogger?
Does it fit a Graco Click connect stroller?
Will it fit in stander umbrella stroller ?
hi is this liner water proof? andnis it fits 4 moms stroller? thanks
Would this fit the City Mini GT?
Has anyone tried this for a Peg Perego skate?
Would this fit Orbit G2 stroller?
does it fit to city mini
Is this suitable for the Uppababy Cruz stoller?
Will this fit on a mamas and papas urbo stroller?
Will this work with a quinny zapp xtra stroller?
Is product suitable for BOB Sport Utility Singe Stroller? Are the dimensions alike? Thank you.
is it suitable for Quinny Buzz?
Is it suitable for a Maclaren Techno XLR?
Is there a 'spring' foundation for the mattress or is it a piece of plywood?
Does this use a standard crib mattress.
what size changing pad fits?
Are there shelves on the side of the changing station (behind the drawers)?
When was the crib manufactured and does it complies with the new federal safety standards issued by the CPSC June 28, 2011?
what size mattress fit in this crib? love it and want to order this for my grandson and get a mattress that fits
Can the changer stand alone as a bedside table? It isn't showing it pictured by itself at all.
What are the dimensions of the changing table? Thinking of buying an extra pad to go with it.
Are the drawer slides metal.
Please someone can help me to know ls box measures, I want to buy it and send it outside U.S... Thanks!!!
Can the changer be detatched from the crib when it is converted to a toddler bed?
Can you switch the side the changer is on?
Can you place these in the dishwasher?
Breast Pump: Does this need any adapters to work with their breast pump?
What flow nipples does the 4oz come with? Does the 4 oz also come with this?
Are these clear bottles or have color/white?
Are these good for breastfed babies?
Do you sell the screw rings avent for this "free natural bottle"? I want 3 units to Brazil.
How many bottles are there per/pack?
Any idea why these bottles are being discontinued by manufacturer?
Does this glass wide neck bottle fit the Lanisoh Momma nipples?
is this nipple include?
hi there are you able to ship to new zealand and what would be the cost?
Can this be used for breast pump parts?
how long should I put it in the microwave?
Can this fit playtex bottles?
Is it BPA Free?
Is it just for 110V or dual 110-220V ?
Will it fit he liefactory glass bottles and comotomo? Also is it safe to sterilize the comotomo silicone bottle in the mivrowave?
How long to put in microwave ? I use 2 mins per instructed but doesn't seem to be very hot. Not sure if I can put in longer
can I use it to sterilize other brand breast pump? I have Medela breast pump.
Do you still need to wash the bottles prior to sterilizing?
would it still work if there is no turntable in my microwave?
what size nipple do they come with?
IT IS A MEDIUM FLOW?
IT IS MEDIUM FLOW
Do you send it to Brazil, south Americ?
Do the caps attach to the bottom of the bottle? I know the classic Avent bottles don't
newborn
This price is for 3 bottles in one pack right?
How do I know if the bottle is venting correctly? I hear an air noise when she's sucking... What is that?
Size of nipples in pack?
Are the nipples BPA free as well?
How do. I travel with these bottles? Do they come with lids?
Is there a brand of silicone sleeve you can put on these bottles to keep them from breaking when dropped?
How do you steralize these?
Are the nipples made of silicone?
Can these be used with the Avent bottle warmerr without cracking?
Are these bottles too heavy for baby to hold by himself?
Is 4 oz actually the maximum capacity or is that just the highest marking? (Do you think 5oz would fit, just not be measured on the side?)
Are the measurements on these bottles printed on or are they part of the glass? I used the plastic bottles with my son and all the numbers washed off
How long does it take to warm the breastmilk in this glass bottle using Avent bottle warmer? I know in general glass is not a very good heat conductor.
Do the bottles come with nipples and if so, which flow?
cheesecloth
I want to use these to clean &amp; dry vinyl records, and I need a lint-free cloth. Are these lint-free or nearly so? Thank you.
we are a bit confused about the sizes. It says both 14" x 20" and 24" x 27". Can you advise?
We have a one-week old and are using disposable diapers but I was going to order some of these to use a burp cloths. Would these work for that?
Has anyone used these AND Osocozy prefold diapers? How do they compare / which brand is better? Thanks!
I am an Esthetician and would like to use for facials.... do these have that extra padding in the middle? I need some that DO NOT have that
can i buy large metal diaper pins
Do these have tags on them? Looking for something like this, but with two tags...my son loves the tags on them...
Do they have tags? My son loves to play with the tags on a white burp cloth but I'm having a hard time finding ones with tags....
What are the dimensions of the diaper. Only the dimensions of the packaging are listed and is not of much use.
May I know what kind of flow (fast, M, newborn) teet does it come with? (understand the 4oz comes with newborn teet)
What flow size nipple comes with the bottle? 1, 2 or 4?
Do these bottles have the new rings?
Are these bottles made in England?
Will these bottles fit in the avent bottle warmer originally made for the classic bottles?
Do you hace any 2 pack Avent natural packs for +18 month?
Can these bottles be frozen with milk in them for storage?
What is the notch on the screw ring for? I'm having a lot of problems with nipple collapse and I'm wondering if I'm assembling it wrong,
Which step of baby bottle nipple is it?
Do these bottles (Philips Avent BPA Free Natural Polypropylene Bottle) show the ounces on the side of the bottle? Thanks!
May I know what kind of flow (fast, M, newborn) teet does it come with?
what number nipple comes with these?
If filled to the rim, how many ounces does the bottle contain then?
this come with new born flow nipples?
How easy is to clean it? Do a need a special brush or can i just use a simple sponge?
can the bottle be used with avent breast pump?is it possible to use bottle as breastmilk storage using normal avent sealing disc?
Where is the Origin?
Where can I buy replacement caps?
Are these waterproof? Would they protect a mattress if placed under a crib sheet?
I have the regular weight gerber prefolds and the center section wadded up when I washed them do these do the same?
I've read Gerber has 2 different fabric types for their diapers. "Gauze like" that soften up well &amp; a more scratchy material. Which type are these?
Would these work well as changing pad liners? My husband wants liners we can hot-water wash with bleach. The boppy liners can't take the heat.
Can these be used as burp cloths as is or are modifications needed?
How do these perform as actual diapers? I keep reading about how great they are for burp cloths, but that's not helpful for me. Opinions???
are these thin, gauzy and big or thick cottony and on the smaller side?
Are these like the old school cloth diapers that people used as burp cloths?
Are these stitched over aroudn the sides or are they flat? I have specific type of blanket I am trying to find that I can not find in stores anywhere!
Can you tell me if these are thicker in the middle? my daughter likes a very specific kind.
It looks like Gerber cloth diapers are recommended for burp cloths but which type? Birdseye vs heavyweight gauze &amp; prefold vs flatfold?
Where are they made?
Are these the same thickness throughout? Or thicker in the middle
What are the dimensions of these diapers?
Would these work good for cloth diapers on a 22 lbs baby??? Please help.
What's the dimensions of the cloths? Like 10x10 or 8x12?
I am confused, does it have a back rest for Mom ? Is it just the way the picture shows, a roundish pillow with 2 holes.
I ordered this product and expected a green cover but it came without one. Anyone else experience this?
Could you fit this on the couch next to you to have the twins lounging next to you (like a double boppy lounger) or is it too big?
Can you throw the pillow itself in the washer if needed? Would the material hold up?
Where can the mom sit while breastfeeding with the Twin Z pillow? glider, large recliner? The pictures all show sitting on the floor.
would it work for a plus sized mom?
What is the inside height of this crib? I mean the distance between the top of the mattress AT THE LOWEST SETTING and the lowest point of the railing?
Does this crib need any specific attachments to make it a toddler bed? Or will a regular/generic guard rail work?
what is the mattress base made of (metal, wood slats, particle board, etc.)?
Can you measure the height of the front of the crib from the floor to the top of the rail? How high is it?
I'm curious for measurements from floor to top of mattress at each setting? Going to sidecar it to bed, thank you
It says the crib includes a toddler stretch rail but a toddler rail is available for purchase. Is the stretch rail adequate?
This crib says it converts to a toddler bed AND daybed. What is the difference?
Is this crib made in the United States
is the mattress included
What size of mattress do you purchase for this crib?
does this fit the chicco keyfitb30?
Will this fit any brand of infant car seat?
Is the canopy ready to snap on? My canopy broke on my car seat.
Is the seat cover padded?
Hello, will this fit the Graco Sungride 30??
Hello, does this fit the Graco Snugride 30?
is were the seat belt goes threw are there adjustable whole3. i have a graco car seat and it has 3 set sfor the belt that goes around the baby
does this fit a graco snugride 35?
hard to tell from the chatter but I am trying to figure out if this would fit a peg perego?
Is this fabric black or blue?
I have twins in the same room, can I move the camera to check on the other child with the hand held unit? Or do I need two camera's for one room?
What is the length of the electrical cord to the camera? I need to set it on a high shelf...
I need to buy an additional camera for my new baby. Is there only one model that works with this unit? If so, what one?
Can this unit connect to a monitor and an iphone? In other words, can my husband watch remotely on his phone?
When your baby is quiet, do you hear any "white noise or static"
Does this monitor display room temperature?
Does this monitor have the 2 way communication feature?
Will this camera interfere with my wireless network?
How sensitive is the camera rotation? Is it easy to use? We have another monitor and each tap to the side jumps the view halfway across the room...
Is the receiver for this model compatible with camera ID 28550
How does this fold? What are the dimensions when it's folded?
What is the size of the Eddie Bauer cot?
what is the weight max
Did you use this with your infant? Would you recommend getting a travel stroller for early months and then using this when your child is a bit older?
Can you attach a "Mommy Hook" and a large, packed diaper bag to this stroller? I'm wondering if the stroller will tip because of the light weight.
Which car seats are compatable with this stroller? Are the adapters included? Also, is there a rain cover available specifically for this model?
How does this close? With 1 hand?
Did anybody have trouble with adjusting the harness? I want to get this stroller but I've read reviews on how difficult it is to adjust straps. Thanks
Can it be used for an infant as is? Or does it accomodate an infant car seat?
How does this compare to the Uppababy Gluxe?
Hows the harness system? Is it really hard or cumbersome to adjust? Thanks
Has anyone found a stroller cady that fits this that has pockets and place for a drink?
Do you think this stroller would maneuver alright over a wooded dirt trail? I have a few tree roots to go over but otherwise it's flat.
how does this fold? and also can i put my graco snugride car seat on?
What model year is this item
Can you fit an infant car seat on the bumper bar?
What fabrics is the made from?
Is it machine washable?
Is this cushioned enough for hardfloor?
Can it be used outdoors as a picnic mat?
how thick is this mat ?
What is the size of this mat when shipped folded?
What are the dimensions of this play may?
Are there replaceable covers for this item in other colors
Hello, is this pillow firm?
Is there somewhere to buy additional covers? Kind of important as I'll likely use it 8+ hours a day.
How long is this in inches/feet? I am a man over 6' so most of these things are too short to work for me. I'm adaptable but tall also.
Exactly how long does this pillow come?
Are these available in microwave?
Are these 4oz size?
cups for baby
Does this fit the City Lite?
Does it fit over compatible infant car seats I use on the baby jogger? Or just the baby jogger seats for toddlers?
Has anyone tried using two of these in a 2-seat configuration? How does it compare to the Sasha Kiddies double? Or Jeep universal?
does the city select rain canopy fit the city versa stroller as well?
Does this work for City Versa?
I guess I'll need 2 of these if I have the 2 seat configuration? Or will 1 canopy stretch across both seats?
Does each sheet have the full alphabet on it?
Are the upper and lower case letters seperate?
what is the name of the "N" animal? It's like a lizard
what in teh name of anything is a puffer fish doing with U. name that fish?
Hi. How big is the box/package? Thanks!
How would they stick to textured walls?
I bought the cherry creek decals and where they were creased, they are having trouble sticking. Any suggestions?
wall decor for teen girls
What are the demensions of each letter?
can I use on windows?
We have the plush swing and a tall 8 week old, @12lbs ... My issue is I feel like his chin drops to his chest in the swing, does the insert help with that?
If ordering the "4Moms 2012 MamaRoo Multicolor Plush Swing," is this insert still needed for an infant less than 3 months old?
Does anybody knos if this insert can works on an infant car seat too? I would like to save some money and used for both the mamaroo and the car seat
This is suitable for how old baby?
how do you wash this product?
How can yiu secure the infant in the infant insert? Mine does nit have slits for the straps to fit through?
When did you stop using the insert? We have one and can't decide when the stop, our girls are about 10 lbs. The vinyl seems much less comfortable...
Is the insert necessary or can we use blankets or something else instead?
Washing instructions? Can this be put in the dryer or lay flat to dry?
Will this insert work with the 4moms Rockaroo?
What are the dimensions on each size basket? ALSO do the large and small fit inside the hanging shelves?
How long does the system hang?
Why did the 2 large baskets not come with the insert to put in the bottom to make them stand up like it did with the 3 smaller ones?
What size are the hangers?
How big are the baskets? "Large" and "small" aren't too specific.
To those who still have the item, did the canopy seem flimsy and do the sides open up "enclosing" the bed?
Does it come with everything but the mattress? And it isn't a toy correct?
What is the height of the canopy (lowest and highest)? We have a room with sloped ceilings...
Would this work with a convertible crib with the daybed adjustment?
Is the material of the chair cushion easily wipeable?? Or does it need to be machine washed frequently?
does it come with two 2 seat pads?
Can I just purchase the 5 point harness for this? The one I have is missing the strap.
What's the maximum weight it can handle?
Are the straps coated and/or easy to clean?
What's the difference between Chicco Polly SE &amp; Chicco polly? I can't tell the difference. Thanks.
What color is Sedona; beige/browns or grays? Thank you
WHAT ARE THE PACKING DIMENSIONS OF THIS ITEM?
What is the maximum tray height for this chair, when fully extended? We have a bisto-height table, and are having problems finding a tall high chair.
Anyone know how snugabunny swing compares to discover'n Grow Swing? Looking for one that can be used for baby sitting upright.
is this swing good for a newborn?
Can this swing be plugged in with an AC adapter?
Does it have a 5 point restraint system or a 3 point?
does it come with any warranty?
Is this item shipped to Brazil?
How hard is this chair to fold? And when folded does it still take up a ton of space?
Is anyone using this chair for older (over 1-year-old) babies? A lot of reviews say it's small, but no one actually says their baby outgrew it.
Do the wheels lock?
Does this fold flat?
how big is the box?
How tall is this chair...from floor to topor floor to seat bottom?
Is the chair fabric removable and machine washable? What should be the minimum weight of the baby to start using this chair?
Does it recline well? I currently have a Chico that reclines and allows for them to take a nap comfortably.
what are the box dimensions? when its new in the box?
Does this chair recline?
Is the underneath of this chair covered by the same green plastic of its border? Or is it hollow?
How many height adjustments does it have? Does it have a 3 point harness?
Will this sit securely on the floor (not attached to a chair)
What is the width of the straps? Is it 1-inch? 3/4-inch?
Can this be used for a 5 month old?
What's the difference between this booster and the Fisher Price Healthy Care Deluxe Booster? It seems that they're the same except for the toy tray.
What height and weight is this booster good for? My twins are only 9 months old, and they are tall and heavier than an average baby.
months
What's minimum ht &amp; wt to use this? My son is 5 month, 16lb 26inches. He can hold his head up, but cannot sit up yet.Would he be wobbly sitting inside
How does it compare to the Baby Einstein model?
Is this jumper wobbly? We will be placing it on tile, meaning the wobbliness will not be offset by carpeting.
My son is already 5 months old. Will he grow out of this too quickly for it to be worthwhile? He is large: 17.5 lbs and 28.5" tall.
Can you turn the lights and volume off? Or at least adjust the volume?
This may seem silly, but are the metal bars silver or more tan? Thanks.
Is the seat made of a flame retardant material?
In order to calculate the shipping rates overseas, I need to know the dimensions of the box that contains the jumperoo. Thank you
Does this come in a box that can be checked in on an international flight?
which the dimension of the box that the product is delivered?
How well does this help with indentations? The indentation is enough to tilt the car seat to one side. Worried about safety and not the leather.
Can this be used in the middle seat?
Can this be used with a Graco Snugride 30 or 35? Not sure if the footprint is only really compatible with Britax car seats.
Is assembly required??
Does this seat protector work with the Britax B-Safe base?
can this be used on a Honda Accord 2015 EXL Hybrid?
Has anyone used this long term, and taken it out to see if it has negatively affected the leather? I've read reviews that say it messed up the leather
Will the plastic on the underside of the cover melt to leather seats?
Is this seat protector compatible with the Isoflex LATCH Connection System in the Britax Parkway SGL high back booster seat??
Can you pair the cameras to a different monitor?
Will this work in the UK?
does this model take room temp?
Does this model have the camera that pans? Also, does it have the lullabies like the 2.8" model?
How does the monitor show both cameras? Does it cycle back and forth or does the screen split to see both at the same time?
are bivolt 110v until 220v? will be supplied 1 monitor + 2 cam wireless as picture?
Are the cameras able to mount on the wall?
Are you able to turn off the sound completely (mute) and just view the picture? I saw some reviews where people said the volume went low but not off.
Can you hear both cameras at the same time?
Is there a way to turn off the picture and only hear the sound?
do the latch connectors retract into the seat for when i want to use it in the third row of my truck that does not have latch back there
I am looking for a booster seat for a short-statured ADULT to use in the driver's seat. Are the arm rests on this model removable?
Does anyone know if it will be difficult to get around this carseat and insert the car's safety straps to buckle in Toyota Highlander?
Will this seat latch into the center position of the back seat?
What is the difference in the Ozzi and Olli? The Ozzi appears to be roughly half the price.
Will it work in an older car that does not have the latch system?
Is this seat made in 2014? Heard that the 2014 version is free of flame retardant chemicals.
Does anyone know if this will work in my 2003 Honda Accord?
Does anyone know how to install the cup holder they sent with the seat?
What's the difference between this and the Ozzi? Besides, the price, of course. Just the remote LATCH release?
do the cup hold cooking true baking amounts like 1 cup, 1/2 cup 1/3 cup etc?
Does each cup have different hole sizes or number of holes so that the water comes out differently?
Do these stack up like a tower as well as nesting inside each other??
When my 35 year old was a tot we had cups with holes. They used to make a whistling noise when submerged with the hole on top. Do these make noise?
Is there a difference in size between this set and the newborn set?
Can these be washed in the dishwasher?
does this fit with the bob adaptor
What are the dimensions in terms of width and length and depth. I'm trying to determine which keyfit is wider, the Keyfit 30 or the Keyfit 22.
Does this come with the car seat base?
Typically how long will this car seat last before baby grows out of it?
Does the 22 model fit the Caddy Stroller Frame by Chicco?
How can I know what the manufacture date is on the seat before buying? The 22 is an older model, so I don't want to buy a seat that will quickly expir
What is the weight of this seat without the base?
What is the difference between this travel system and the ones that say Keyfit 30 travel system?
Is the car seat base included?
Hi! What the size of the box that the "Chicco Cortina SE Travel System, Chevron" came in it?
Can tge stroller fit into a hatch back Nissan Versa?
does the back rest recline fully?
Is the Chicco Cortina KeyFit Travel system (Chevron) sold on Amazon.com the same product that Target sells undet the name Chicco Cortina SE Travel System (Chevron)?
what's the difference between the keyfit 30 system and the regular travel system?
for cloth diaper parents what liners have you used in the ubbi besides the ubbi liner
Any idea how many dippers this holds?
can munchkin arm &amp; hammer 'snap' bags be used with this pail?
Anyone use this with cloth diapers as a wetpail?
Is the opening large enough to accommodate adult size diapers?
I am using cloth baby diapers. How many diapers does this fit?
will this work for adult pull ups?
Will this fit a planet wise diaper pail liner?
What are the dimensions of the comforter? I know it is a toddler size, but what is the width and length?
are the sheets and pillowcases 100% cotton?
Do the sheets fit a twin bed?
Is this for single bed?
What are the dimensions of the comforter? I know it is a toddler size, but what is the width and length?
size
Is there a product you can recommend that would clean up the 3m tape residue when it's time to remove the protectors from furniture?
measurements? 1-1/8 in. vertical 2.2 in. from corner out horizontal?
Has anyone bought edge protectors to use with the Roving Cove coffee brown color corner cushions? I need to find a whole edge cushion that matches.
what colors are in the pack?
My child likes to take bites out of these foam protectors. Does anyone know of one that is more durable and can withstand bites from toddlers?
My counter top measures 2 inches top to bottom,do you have deeper guards in stock?
would these work on a kitchen cabinet corner?
can they be cut
Would these work on the bottom corner of kitchen cabinets? I've got some that are head high, and am tired of gouging my nugget on them
What are the dimensions of Roving Cove Corner cushion? 6.5 x 6.5 x 2.2 in. (Tech details), or 2.2x2.2x1.2 (Drawing)
Is the seat high enough for the babes to see out the window?
Is Britax Marathon 70-G3 compatible with 2009 Volkswagen Jetta?
Is the seat high enough for the babes to see out the window?
Will this fit rear-facing in a 2004 and/or 2009 Honda Civic? I have been perusing other answers but I'd appreciate any additional feedback...
Rear-Facing, how EASY is it to get children in and out of this car seat? Not baby-sized children, but long-legged, 36" tall toddlers? TIA!
Is this car seat FAA approved? Will fit in an airplane seat?
does the car seat remove from the base
If I have to put 2 of these in my minivan in the captains chairs (middle row)- could my older kids get around them to get to the back seat.
how do you adjust the length of the straps
Does this car seat has isofix device?
BuyBuy baby calls it the 70-G3 XE....is it the same thing? They are charging $299!!!
Has anyone taken this carseat on an airplane? How was it? And did people on the side fit well? I have a flight at the end of Jan and I'm curious.
Will this fit in my 2 door BMW? God daughter is 4 1/2 years old. I would only use occasionally.
Can this be installed in a car that doesn't have latches?
what is the difference between the 70-G3 and the G4?
can this be used as an infant car seat too?
does this seat fit in a honda civic?
Right Start
Does this car seat come with the base?
I am interested in buying this item for my baby, instead of buying a regular carseat and in a few months buying a bigger one. Is this safe for a baby
Does anyone have this car seat installed in a Prius?
Can it be used safely for a newborn / early infant?
I know there is a 70lb weight capacity, but what about height? I looked on the Britax website and couldn't find anything in regards to ht. Thanks!
Can this seat be used on airplane?
Would it fit in a 2010 Ford Focus?
When the straps are tightened, do both sides tighten at the same time and rate?
Do you use this with a base? As in, do I buy an extra base for our other car, or just move the whole thing back and forth?
seatbelt
is it 3-in-1? Following positions: rear-facing, forward-facing with harness, then booster
installing using seat belts?
BuyBuy baby calls it the 70-G3 XE....is it the same thing? They are charging $299!!!
Has anyone taken this carseat on an airplane? How was it? And did people on the side fit well? I have a flight at the end of Jan and I'm curious.
Will this fit in my 2 door BMW? God daughter is 4 1/2 years old. I would only use occasionally.
Can this be installed in a car that doesn't have latches?
what is the difference between the 70-G3 and the G4?
can this be used as an infant car seat too?
does this seat fit in a honda civic?
Right Start
Does this car seat come with the base?
I am interested in buying this item for my baby, instead of buying a regular carseat and in a few months buying a bigger one. Is this safe for a baby
BuyBuy baby calls it the 70-G3 XE....is it the same thing? They are charging $299!!!
Has anyone taken this carseat on an airplane? How was it? And did people on the side fit well? I have a flight at the end of Jan and I'm curious.
Will this fit in my 2 door BMW? God daughter is 4 1/2 years old. I would only use occasionally.
Can this be installed in a car that doesn't have latches?
what is the difference between the 70-G3 and the G4?
can this be used as an infant car seat too?
does this seat fit in a honda civic?
Right Start
Does this car seat come with the base?
I am interested in buying this item for my baby, instead of buying a regular carseat and in a few months buying a bigger one. Is this safe for a baby
Does the seat fold flat?
How tall is the stroller? Up to the handle? We are tall people and are sick of hunching over to push a stroller.
Is this stroller compatable with Safety1st infant car seat?
For the Chicco infant seat, is an adapter needed in order to make it fit? If so, what am I looking for?
Is this stroller compatible with Chicco infant seats?
Can you put the infant car seat in the back to allow the toddler to sit in the front?
Is this stroller compatible with a Britax b safe infant seat? If not, is there an adaptor available that will make it compatible?
Work with britax b safe?
How big is it collapsed?
Will this snap and go fit with the Chicco&reg; KeyFit 30 Infant Car Seat?
Will this fit the Nuna Pipa car seat? Thanks
Does the Baby Trend Single Snap-N-Go work with the Cybex Aton 2 or the Uppababy Mesa infant car seats? If so, how sturdy is the strapping mechanism?
Can I use the peg perego primo viaggio sip car seat with this stroller?
Does it work with the graco click connect travel system car seat.?
can i use this stroller with my britax b safe car seat??
Does it work with bassinets or just car seats?
Would this work with the Aton 2?
Hi I was wondering how long can the monitor last starting on a full battery without being plugged in?
How long is the cord on this power adapter? I had to mount the camera on the wall because baby is now able to pull it down into the crib...
Hi, the charger is for which type of monitor2
Sorry, the Infant Optics DXR5 KIT, comes with 110/240v power supply? thanks
is the price 289.99 included the car base???????
Is it compatible with Quinny Buzz? Do I need to use an adapter?
What stroller is this compatible with? I want a double tandem stroller, can I just buy the adapters and they fit with most strollers?
Is this product including the base or Not?
How put it properly in center of the car like it should be having problem putting in a jaguar
does this work with the bugaboo?
Is this car seat compatable with the baby jogger city select?
is it compatible with the city mini stroller?
is the base sold separate?
Does this car seat comply with Canadian Motor Vehicle Safety Standards?
Does this infant seat fit onto the baby trend snap n go wheels?
Does it fit on Quinny zapp xtra strollers?
Is this car seat for new borns and does it click onto a Maxi-Cosi Family fix base?
I inherited a Spectra Dew hospital grade pump but now need to buy all the parts and attachments new. Will Medela parts work with this pump?
does it come with hands free breast pump bra?
Does this come with a guarentee or warrenty??
I'm considering pumping exclusively. How does Spectra 350 compared to Spectra S1 or Spectra S2 in terms of efficiency for pumping and cleaning?
Will this work with generic bottles? Like bottles from the EvenFlo pump?
What all does it come with? Does it have all the necessary attachments for doubling pumping?
Is this portable? Does it take batteries
Does it work with 220V?
I am looking to buy babyappleseed stratford crib , amazon search shows this crib but it is by summerinfant. Which is correct
the toddler guard rail is included in the box?
What is the height of the front rail at its lowest point?
What Size mattress fits in this crib? Do you ahppen know the acceptable mattress measurements?
how much do the conversion kits cost and where can I buy them?
Will with conversation kit work for the Summer Infant Brayden 4-1 crib?
Will this kit work with carters sleep haven 4-1 crib?
will this work for the brookline 4 in 1 conversion crib?
will it work with summer manchester 4 in 1 crib?
Will this conversion kit also fit the Brayden crib?
WIll this work for the Carter's Manchester Crib?
would this work for Sorelle Tuscany/Princeton Crib?
We bought the Child of Mine by Carter's Sweet &amp; Simple crib and changing table with the hamper (in mocha). Does anyone know if this kit will work?
Hi! Will this work for the Summer Infant Symphony 3-in-1 crib?
Will this fit a Carter's Brookline Crib?
does the bottle come with slow flow or fast flow nipple?
does the bottle(4oz) come with slow flow nipple or the bottle(8oz) come with slow flow nipple
Can these be used with a Medela pump? My doc recommended the Medela pump, but i want use glass bottles.
Do Tommee Tippee nipples fit these bottles?
my baby is nine months never been fed from a bottle...looking for a nipple that is similar to the real thing. How does this advent bottle compare?
Does the comotomo or the mOmma nipple fit these bottles?
Bottle bottle 4 ounce and 8 ounce each is equipped with what flow nipple? 4 ounces of a newborn?
Do these bottles work with the Spectra S1/S2 Breast pump or will I need an adapter?
Is it glass material?
How to prevent milk from spraying out of the nipple like a stream after warming?
What's the advantage of the glass bottle over the normal plastic ones?
is the nipple on this bottle suitable for 4 month old? is flow more suitabe 4 younger or older infant? or should i get the 4ounce one which cost more
what kind of nipple does the bottle come with ?newborn flow?slow flow?
What is the width of the opening (for the purpose of putting in frozen milk cubes)?
The product is made in USA or somewhere else?
Does it work with the Medela breastpump?
This bottle seems great but mine didn't come with the little travel insert thing that keeps milk from leaking on the go.Is this part usually included?
Will this bottle shatter if it drops on the floor?
The bottle says bpa free, is the nipple come with the bottle also bpa free, too?
Can all advent nipples fit on this glass bottle?
What is the material like? Is it "crunchy" or "plastic-y" since it is waterproof or soft?
How did you install this? Do you have to take the straps out to fit through this cover?
will this fit the Chicco keyfit 30 infant car seats?
What is the material the liner is made of?
Can you use the potette's toilet topper feature with this still attached?
can you still completely fold the Potette chair with this attached to it?
Is this good for a boy?
My monitor continually beeps every minute it is not plugged in. Has done so since day 1 so can't be a low battery. So annoying- is this normal?
Can BOTH the baby and parent units run on batteries?
two-way communication: Does this model have the 2-way communication feature?
I am looking for a smaller portable crib to take my 9 month old camping. We have a 4 man tent and its to small for the p&amp;p. Would this work?
What is the weight and/age limit for this?
How thick is the mattress that is included? The mattress shown in the picture seems to be 2-3" but looks thinner in the video.
Can you use this to see the baby even when you are at work or can you only see the baby when you are connected to your home wifi?
Is it battery powered or does it have to be plugged in?
Is this camera good for traveling as well? Will the camera be able to connect with hotel wifis? We do a lot of traveling with my child.
can you talk into the room from your iphone
can you talk to baby with this monitor?
Can two cameras be connected in the same house and viewed on the app?
When your iPhone or iPad shuts off how would you know the baby is crying if you can't constantly see and hear on the screen. Like if I was cleaning and not on the Internet, etc. Do you have to constantly turn back on or are there sound alerts if the...
is there any plan for android app?
What are the measurements of the individual shelves?
how much weight the shelves hold?
Is it made from woven fabric or nonwoven (like cheap reusable grocery bags)?
what color is this?
What material this is made of?
How long is the product from the bar to the bottom of the last shelf?
Can this item work for the wire shelf in a closet, or does it have to be the rod?
Do you have to slide the curtain rod through or does it attach with velcro or another attachment?
Could an adult use tthis or is it too small/not sturdy enough?
What is the total height of this product?
Is it FAA approved for airplanes?
Any idea where to get a replacement car seat cover?
What is the date it was manufactured?
Does this seat recline?
Is this car seat easy to install and adjust?
Is there an adaptor for electric power?
Does playtex botlles fit in this warmer?
Can I warm a bottle in electric power or just car plug?
Can anyone tell me if a Tommee Tippee bottle will fit in this warmer? They are fatter than a lot of the other bottles on the market. Thanks
How fast do it take to warm up a bottle?
Can this warm up a bag of cold/semi frozen breast milk?
I think I need a small(21mm) Medela shield does this set have one that size?
What size of Medela flange do these fit in to? The 24mm flange or the 27mm? I want to order the one with best fit.
What is the correct fit? Should there be space all around the nipple or not?
What are the actual sizes of the flanges?
Does this work with Ameda Purely Yours pump?
Hi, do these work with the Spectra S2? I saw someone say that you can use Medela parts with the Spectra- can someone explain how?
Did anyone use these shields with a hands free pumping bra?
Do these flanges work well with the Medela Freestyle pump? I've only seen Q&amp;A related to the Medela PIS, but the Freestyle has different parts and the componenets are "open" in the back. I worry about leakage from the back if I am sitting upright doing...
Does this fit on the Hygeia breast pump?
Do these come with the hands-free "necklace"? Looking forward to trying them when they arrive, and the necklace simpler than a regular pumping bra!
Does anyone know if my 4 year old would fit in this stroller? I am only looking into buying it for using at Disneyland. She still naps.
does it recline all the way down, or almost donw?
It says it will work until 50 lbs. My daughter is a tall 3 year old weighing 35 lbs. I am hoping to get use out of it next summer as well. Thoughts?
Do you need 2 hands to fold/unfold this stroller?
Does any know if you can attach a infant seat in this stroller?
does it reclines all the way?
any additions like covers of netting and plastic rain cover
Does this stroller have a shoulder stap to carry it?
I actually own one of these, but I'm trying to figure out if this is FAA approved? I know someone mentioned flying Allegiant, but we're flying United.
Is the fabric washable?
Is this seat treated with flame retardants?
What age can you start using this seat?
does it have storage in the seat?
which is the maxium weigth?
is this washable?
Has anyone tried the s in a grocery cart?
How tall is the cushion on the bottom? (How much height is added between top of chair and top of cushion?)
We are looking for a travel booster for camping purposes would this attach to a camping chair?
anyone familiar with a "Spica cast" is where the child is in a cast from belly to ankles with legs somewhat splayed out? Would this chair accommodate?
Would this seat be OK with an 11 month old? I have twins and I'm looking for something compact but worried about this seat not being sturdy enough.
Is rinsing necessary? If so, is it done by splashing water? Other wipes I have used do not require rinsing.
Is this more gentle than baby shampoo? Is it moisturizing?
How does it compare to other lid wipes? Like OcuSoft?
Do these wipes help with the eyelid/ below eye brow redness?
what is the expiration date?
Does it close all the way? In the second picture it's not fully closed.
I have a 13" MacBook Pro (2011) laptop. Will this case work?
Does this fit the Macbook Air 13"?
Does anyone know if this case will fit a MacBook Pro 13" computer. NOT a MacAir or Mac Retina???
Does this case fit the new macbook pro with retina Model #A1502?
Do the backpack straps have a clasp/closure that goes across the chest when worn?
There are two different sets of dimensions listed for the backpack. Can someone tell me which is correct? Will this hold a standard school folder?
How does this backpack close, is it a zipper or Velcro or a drawstring?
There are two different sets of dimensions listed for the backpack. Can someone tell me which is correct? Will this hold a standard school folder?
Is this machine washable?
are these flexible when they're frozen, or do they get rigid? I'm interested in purchasing these to use as a cold compress for boo-boos
Are they non-toxic?
Is the size correct? 65 inches?
Can these be heated to keep hot lunches warm?
can twins hold in this crib?
What size mattress fits this crib?
Where can I find instructions on how to convert to full size?
This crib was close to 90 dollars just a few weeks ago. Why is it 399.99 now?
Does anyone have a PDF of the instructions?? My instructions were missing, and the freakin' lajobi website is also down.
is it easy to assembly ?
how many height can it adjust? Is it required to disassemble for adjusting the height?
I check this item 2days ago and it was only 109.99 free shipping. Why the price increase in just two day?
what is the height of the mattress when it is on the top level? i'm very short and i'm worried about my comfort when putting the baby to bed.
So does it come with the mattress? I saw it was sold separately but thought that might be referring to the toddler bed phase.
will this fit a standard folder (8.5 X 11")?
Can I just have some clarification that this backpack is a drawstring and not a zipper backpack?
Can I please know if this could be shipped to Sri Lanka and if you so the rate for shipping
Is it machine washable?
Can it be reclined all the way to completely flat position? Or is it soft and is always a little bent?
What is the boxed dimension of the swing? We want to carry it in an airplane? Would we be able to check it in?
Is it difficult for baby to adjust to crib, etc. once she outgrows this? Thx
Does anyone know the measurement from floor to bottom of the hammock? How much clearance do I have underneath?
What type of materials is this made out of? and does it have flame retardants in the material or added to the product? Safety certifications?
how many weeks was your child when they liked this?
Is this a good alternative to those battery operated swings? I don't want to get one of those if I don't need to.
Does this come with the travel bag?
What are the dimensions inside the playard?
Would anyone be willing to measure the inside pad for me? I can't seem to find exact dimensions of the inside. Thank you so much!
Has anyone traveled on a plane with this? Can they check it when boarding to go with the strollers?
Are the pads that come with this comfortable enough for a baby to sleep on? Both bassinet and the bottom? When I saw it in the store they seemed hard.
Is there a weight limit for the baby for napping/sleeping in the bassinet?
Would this be a good bedside sleeper when the baby is first born?
Is this JPMA certified?
Has anyone found alternative (preferably waterproof) sheets?
. this looks like a huge safety risk. Are there covers for the child changing pad. so it is not floating from the straps?
Does this secure on the bottom to the big tub if filled with water for bathing baby and a sibling together?
does the inside have texture for a non-slippery surface?
Is there a drainer in this bath tub? Or you need to flip it around to get the water out? Thank you!
Is this item BPA free?
my baby is 33.5 inches and 30 pounds. Could anyone confirm if he fits this bathtub?
Is this Made of Phthalate free PVC?
does it have suction cup to hang in tub
Is this tub sturdy enough to stand on its own. We have no regular bathtub, just a shower stall. We need a large tub for grandchildren that is sturdy.
What are the dimensions of this tub? thanks!
Is it possible to set this up in the airplane?
Where can I purchase a replacement fitted sheet in Blue
Going camping, will this work for my 65lb 50" tall 8 year old? I am going through air mattresses too quick with kids!
What size is this when folded up? Can it fit in a suitcase? Looking to take it on vacation with us.
Does this pink cot come with an attach sleeping bag and a fitted sheet?
Has anyone used a nap mat on the cot? If so, how was it?
What is the difference between this bed and the "Regalo My Cot Portable Bed, Royal Blue"? That one has 640 reviews &amp; several 1/2 stars . **Update** -- Thank you all for your comments. I called the manufacturer (Regalo) just to be sure and the person I...
What are the measurements?
i keep my sisters kids on the weekends is it safe for a 2 and 5 year old to sleep on while i have them
Is there a weight llimit
Does the bar interfere with folding up the City Versa stroller?
Is the fabric piece removable for washing?
does this fit the chicco liteway stroller? Thanks
I have the city mini GT Double and was wanting the bar for one side since my 3 year old like to get in and out of the stroller can this work for that?
Are there fire retardants on this product?
I need a bumper on both sides of a twin bed - Is this going to be too wide?
how many bumpers are included in this order? One or two? It seems quite pricy for one piece.
Would this work for older children?. Say 4.5 feet tall? I am concerned the bumper is not tall enough...
What are the package dimensions?
Has anyone bought this recently? How many did you get? Sold by pillowflex fulfilled by amazon for 29.99
I'm debating between this one and the magic bumpers. I have a very active sleeper. Has anyone tried both?
Any insight as to how this product compares with Magic Bumpers?
How soft is this bumper? Can it be used as an adult pillow?
Would this fit a crib?
What is the size of the card?
Is there a glass insert in the frame?
do these frames have hooks on back to hang on wall?
Still waiting to hear how many sets of shakers are in this offer????????????????????
How many sets are in the $72.22 order? I'd like to place an order, but I need to know how many sets I'm getting.
if i order 30pcs. today when will i receive it? i actually in an APO address and i need the stuff in the next 4weeks
how long did it take before you received it?
why does it take 1-2 monthx to ship?
Are your kids comfortable in it? Mine always seem to want to be more upright.
Does it do okay on surfaces like grass and trail dirt (parks etc.)?
Does this stroller come with the bumper bars? They are not pictured but say so in description.
How does it attach to chair?
what's the difference between this one and the transparent play tray? http://www.amazon.com/PlayTray-Stokke...
Does the backrest and lap piece come with this chair ?
Does the tray remove with one hand?
Does the tray work with the Stokke Tripp Trapp Baby Set for $69 (ASIN B001D18EEY)? The cushion shown with the tray is not this baby set
Does the cushion in the picture come with the highchair?
Is the backrest and lap piece included with the chair?
What is the dimension of the package?
Will this tray attach to the older generation baby set? My baby set is the one where the crotch piece is straight.
can you ship to hong kong?
the headboard/ footboard of my baby's crib are one panel (no bars). I only have bars on the sides. Will this bumper work? Is it 4 separate bumpers?
Is the bumper 100% cotton
Is the colored striping on both the front and back of the bumper? Or just on one side?
Does this bumper fit a normal sized crib?
The gray stripe appears in one of the photos to be shiny. Is this fabric satiny in any way?
Is this bumper one long piece or four separate pieces? I'm curious if it can be used when I convert to a toddler bed and only want to use three sides.
what is the material its made from?
will it fit a 52 x 30 inch crib?
Will the Joovy Spoon Walker roll on brick pavers?
Thanks for the answer to my other question. Since the back wheels don't swivel is it harder for babies to manuver around walls and to move backwards?
is the sit height adjustable?
My baby is 5.5 months old, 15 pounds and about 24 inches tall. Will the smallest setting allow her to touch the ground.
What is the weight limit?
Do the wheels lock on this for when you want the baby to remain stationary?
Can the seat be adjusted?
Does anyone know if infants would have difficulty using this walker on carpeted floors? Our home has carpet and I want to know if this would work.
Can you skip installing the front wheels to keep it stationary?
Does this have fire retardants in the seat material (or anywhere else)?
Can you lock the wheels or put it into a position where it can't move?
What is the weight limit?
Do all the wheels on this walker swivel?
Thanks! Ordered this to try it ourselves.
Does this walker work ok on carpeted areas as well? Thanks.
Can I buy a replacement seat for this walker?
Will this walker improve my baby's self-esteem? I'm really concerned about my 8 month olds shyness.
can this walker be put into a stationary position during meal times?
How tall can a baby be to be comfortable in this walker?
Does the seat contain any kind of flame retardant?
Does it roll well on carpets?
Does it have brakes on it so they're not mobile while eating?
Can anyone tell me what is the maximum height adjustment? My babe is very tall for her age; I don't want her to hunch over while trying to walk...
Is the seat made of foam? Is it removable? (Trying to figure out whether there are flame retardants.) Thanks!
can we use as a high chair ?
What is the age range for this walker? Is it big enough for a 12 to 18 month old?
Are the wheels removable so this walker can be brought into Canada legally?
Do all 4 wheels swivel ?
does it work on carpets?
Is this safe on hardwood floors? We just had our hardwoods refinished and do not want something that is going to scratch up the floors. Thanks!
Do these 4 oz bottles come with newborn nipples? Are new born and Slow Flow different?
I know there's pink but I really like this blue and my baby is a girl...would it be weird if she uses this? I have clear ones--they're plain.
Do these bottles come with different type of nipples- slow/medium flow? Thank you!
Umm are these plastic? It doesn't say!
I want to know the measurements of the quilt, bumper and crib sheets I have a bed big, thanks
Is this for a portable or full size crib?
does the mattress come included?
Hello, what are the exact dimensions of the fitted crib sheet? Thanks!
What paint colors are the walls in the picture?
How long is the dust ruffle? Looks about 10 inch??
what dresser did you buy to match this?
Does this come with all the parts (rails and screws) to convert to each style of bed? Or do you have to buy those separately.
What is the height of the front rail?
What comes in the box? Also, does it fit most standard-size bottles? I'm on the fence with this one and the Lasinoh manual pump
Is it easy to pump one-handed with this manual pump?
Is it quiet (not squeaky) and easy to clean?
Will this pump fit the Weil Baby Glass Bottles and the Wide Glass Baby Bottles w Silicone Grips?
How long has this pump been on the market?
Is the Spectra manual BPA free?
How big are the leg holes? My son is four months old and he's 24 lbs...some of the others said that the leg holes left red marks on the baby's legs.
Is the size (height) able to be manipulated up and down? In other words if my son is shorter now can we move the seat down so he can reach the floor?
Can this walker be used on carpet also? Thank you.
is the tray removable for snack time?
Is this it removable from the base and possibly used as a walker on the 4 black wheels?
do I need this? I ordered the car seat and the stroller.
Will this fit with my snugride click connect 35?
Will this fit my Sungride Classic Connect 30?
Does this fit the graco snugride 35? Its not the newer click connect, the car seat is from 2012.
Does this base work with Graco Snugride 30 car seat that was manufactured 7/28/2010?
Does this base work with the Graco Stylus LX Travel system?
What is the width of this base?
What is the model Number of this base?
Is this base compatible with the Graco UrbanLite Classic Connect Travel System, Vance
Can I use this base for an Aprica A30 infant seat?
Is this a mini co-sleeper or regular size? I see that it has the same dimensions as the mini convertible ones but is not listed as being a mini? Thanks!
tall bed
I wasn't fond of the sheet choices on Amazon and am trying to buy custom sheets on Etsy. What size sheet fits this sleeper?
is this JPMA certified?
are the wheels removable in the event you have to add the height extensions to the bottom?
What is the size of the box this co-sleeper is shipped in? Is it smaller or the same size as the assembled bassinet?
how old or how much did your baby weigh before they outgrew this bed?
I want to buy this, but I want to by a nicer mattress for it. Would a 37.5x25.5x3 mattress fit? If not, what brand and where can I buy it? Thanks!
Our bed height is 16-17 Inch (including mattress). Will the co-sleeper fit comfortably so that I will not need to get up and lift the baby?
is this suitable for twins?
Will the changing table/side dresser detach from the full size bed?
Does this crib come fully assembled in a box or do we need to assemble it upon delivery?
Does this hold up well as children grow? Maximum weight recommendation says 35 lbs, but I was expecting the toddler bed conversion to last longer.
Is the mattress coming with the bed or I need to buy a mattress separately?
Can the crib be dismantled for easier shipping.
Can the changing table/dresser be detached from the crib?
Does this include the mattress?
Will these work with the manual pump?
Will they fit onto a medela pump system? Mine are giving me circular breast hickies from the hard edge..
Target gender is unisex? Please explain.
what is the size that the manual breastpump come with?
Do you have a small size?
Will this connect to Medela? How does it compare to the Medela soft fit flanges??
Do these flanges fit onto a Medela connector?
Do these flanges fit the standard flange body, or do you have to buy a new set?
Still waiting to hear how many sets of shakers are in this offer????????????????????
How many sets are in the $72.22 order? I'd like to place an order, but I need to know how many sets I'm getting.
if i order 30pcs. today when will i receive it? i actually in an APO address and i need the stuff in the next 4weeks
how long did it take before you received it?
why does it take 1-2 monthx to ship?
Can anyone tell me approximately how many feet by how many feet this play yard actually is when assembled? And how tall?
Could I connect two play zones together without buying a connector kit?
We have 10month old active twins! Would this be suitable?
Can i get a pad for the floor
Hello, I have an almost 10 month old. Im wondering if I need to buy the extension panels with this, or is it big enough without? Thanks!
1. How easy is it to move the play zone from room to room or to outside? 2. How sturdy is it when baby tries to use the wall for support to stand up?
Can this support a baby's weight if she uses it to pull up/cruise?
How do you turn music thing on and off?
Does the playpen stay put on carpeted floors?
Will a super active baby able to push the fence and move the whole thing around on hard wood floor?
What is the size of the pad? Will a bassinet mattress fit in it?
How long can I expect my baby to use this for? He's 4 mo &amp; moves around a lot in his crib and I constantly have to get up to flip him over.
Considering this in place of a "normal" bassinet - good idea? How flat is it? Worried about baby getting used to the incline. Thanks!
can you use regular bassinet sheets or are there some you can purchase that will fit this?
does the basket completely detach from the stand?
I would like to purchase an extra bassinet fom mattress, what brand or dimensions do you suggest?
Could you put twins in one or would you need to purchase two?
What is the length, width and height? We have a tiny bedroom and I'm not sure if this will fit. The dimensions listed are unclear as to width.
Is the pad comfortable on it's own or do I need to buy an additional pad. Does the pad come with a sheet? If not, do they sell sheets that fit? Thanks
Would love this to take along on vacation. When folded does this bassinet fit in a suitcase? And how heavy is it? (in kg?)
What is the difference between the Deluxe and original Space Saver?
Does anyone know if this can be used for older babies? My son just turned 1..just curious since one review said there 6 month old barely fit.
What is the size of the base? My dining chairs are small so I'd like to make sure it will fit before buying it.
Does the pad come with the chair?
Is this product made for dining room chairs without arms? Also, does the chair need to have a completely flat surface to sit correctly?
Does this deluxe version have height adjustment for different table levels? And, up to what size/length baby does it really work for? Thanks!
Can you use just the booster seat portion with the tray?
Can this product sit on the floor safely WITHOUT being strapped to a chair? (and still be safe..it won't turn over?)
can we still have the tray when it converts to a booster seat?
How does this chair recline? Is it a button on the back or molded plastic on the sides you have to push in? Thank you!
It looks like there are holes in the green bowl part that is removed... This seems... messy?
Does the ring fit oval bowls, or only round ones?
It doesnt sing when I put water in the bowl but the lights come on when I 'flush' it so batteries are ok.Am I doing smthng wrong or is mine defective?
Is it easy to clean
This potty works great for my 2 year old boy! I want to buy the blue seat alone? is that available separately for sale in any store?
How do you get your kid to stop taking this potty apart? My son disassembles it any chance he gets, which will be terrible when he starts using it.
It looks like the boys splash guard is built into the toilet seat instead of the bowl. Do you have to wash both after each use?
Is there a warranty or guarantee on the sensor in this potty?
Is the blue seat supposed to snap into place or just loosely sit on top?
There are holes in the green bowl, why? The pee would go right thru.
How long is the mat when it is unrolled?
What's the measurement of it?
does it have a thick padding to lie on? because my son will not have another mat underneath it. I just got the john deere mat, nicely padded but very
Is this stuffed with that poly foam or poly fiber that is in stuffed animals or like quilt batting? Thanks for your help!
What fabric is on the other side of the bumper?
Is this black or navy blue?
Hello, I really like the "UNIQUE GENDER NEUTRAL 10PC BEACH SURF BABY CRIB BEDDING SET UNISEX" set, I cant still not able to find the matching mobile?
What are the dimensions?
Is it flame retardant (and labeled as such)?
What is the lining made of?
Is it thick enough to use while camping without a pad underneath?
Is it made of fleece?
Are these parts dishwasher safe?
Why does the picture not show the back flow protector?
Does this shield kit fit the S1? My friend bought the S1 from you and now I am buying it from her but need new tube/valve set for double pumping. Th
For the double pump, do I have to buy two of this set?
Is there a bottle stand included with the kit?
Is this the 28mm size?
What is actually included in this kit?
Does this kit include two breast shields for double pumping or would two kits have to be purchased?
What's the size of the bed sheet and comforter?
Is this made from 100% cotton?
Does it include the bumper safetey?
Is there a bumper included in this set?
Does the arm hook to the mobile itself? I would like to switch the mobile occasionally.
How long does the music play?
does it come with the arm?
How many inches above the side of the crib does the arm go?
Are these bottles the glass bottle?
Are the nipples included for newborn? Apparently, Avent has a category for nipples, for newborns, for 6 months and above..
Can you tell me shipping dimensions of this product?
Is this completely wireless or does one of the units have to be plugged in to work? I'm looking for a unit that I can take camping.
What is the part number for the battery? Mine came without a battery. Samsung tech support said the unit is so old they don't stock that part.
I already own this device and would like to buy a second set for my second child's room. Does anyone have 2 sets &amp; does it work without interference?
I live on an acreage and use naptimes for gardening in the summer. I've had difficulty finding a monitor with enough range. Do you recommend this?
Is this dual voltage 120 to 240? thanks.
does this set also include the bumper?
Is the one bumper included in this set sufficient for a standard crib?
are quilt and sheet cotton?
Is the material cotton?
Has anyone used a Playtex Nurser 4oz bottle with liner with this warmer?
I'm using the 4oz Medela bottles for right now. How much water do you put in for that? Our instructions dint have the water ratio for that small of bo
Does it fit the tommee tippee bottles?
Does this fit the Philips Avent Natural bottles?
Does it automatically shut off?
my bottles come out way too hot. any advice how much water to put in to make it warm
does it take tommee tippee bottles?
Hi, I would like to know if it is a 110 or 220 V product. How is the type of electricity plug. Does it works with batteries? Thanks.
Hi, I would like to know if it is a 110 or 220 V product. How is the type of electricity plug. Does it works with batteries? Thanks.
Do Comotomo bottles fit in this bottle warmer?
Does it produce any rust
1) Does this have calcium or limestone build up? 2) Is the heating filament or plate visible and easy to clean or accessible? 3) produce any odor?
Will this work for Comotomo 8ounce bottles?
Does the power cable have a built-in transformer so it can be used up to 220-240 volts?
Does it work with Dr.Brown bottles, both glass and otherwise?
Does it turn off on its own/automatically or do you manually have to turn it off?
The temperature inside the machine when sterilizing?
Can you put different sized bottles to sanitize at once?
Does this work with Breastflow bottles?
Could this be used to sterilize CPAP mask and tubes?
how many bibs come in this package?
is this a 4 pack of bibs?
The picture is showing 4 bibs. Is the seller selling 1 bib or 4 for 11.99?
How far apart are the snaps?
How much room is left for changing? Looks like edges are so thick there wouldn't be room for more than a small infant, but 29 inch size is a hard find
Do you think you would be able to squish this changing pad into a 28 x 15.5 size changing table and not change the shape of the part the baby lays on?
Is the material waterproof?? Or can the child get wet using it in the rain without an umbrella??
Will this rain coat fit a 5 year old boy?
Does it have a pouch to keep it in for travel?
Can anyone measure the length from shoulder to hem?
Does it have a zip? Or closed only by buttons? Thank you!
Can anybody tell me how long it is? My youngest son is 36 inches tall; wondering if it will fit him.
Is it one size fits all? I did not see anywhere where I could pick the size of the raincoat? Or did I miss it? Thanks.
WhAt size are available
Will I go to Hell if I just make my own Squatty Potty with scrap lumber?
9" vs. 7"
Don't you think that simply investing in a lower toilet would alleviate the need for a product like this? Serious question.
My toilet is 15". I'am 5'5" tall. What size should I get? The 7" or 9"?
wouldnt just a regular stool work the same? Does this work for kids? My 7 y/o has potty issues and hemorrhoids already and this sounds like it might
how do i know wheither to get the 7" or 9"?
Will this work for a plus size person? my husband has very thick thighs and I want to make sure it works before purchase.
Do you like this item?
Do you leave it there all the time or only bring it out when you have to use it? I have a small bathroom and wish this could fold up when not in use.
Why should I buy this? I could lean forward and achieve the same angle recommended by the web site.
Anyone know if this would work for a Bitty Baby (15-in)? BFFs 4yr old wants one for her bday and reviews of Amer Girl one were terrible...
Can this be worn on the back?
the picture is purple but the color says Clear ... I want to make sure it's actually purple?
what size doll fits in the carrier?
Would this fit a 9 year old in 14 size clothing?? Or would the straps be too small
Anyone know if this would work for a Bitty Baby (15-in)? BFFs 4yr old wants one for her bday and reviews of Amer Girl one were terrible...
Can this be worn on the back?
the picture is purple but the color says Clear ... I want to make sure it's actually purple?
what size doll fits in the carrier?
Would this fit a 9 year old in 14 size clothing?? Or would the straps be too small
Will this item fit plus sized people and/or is there extender straps available, if so, from where?
Is it possible to sit while wearing the carrier?
My baby is due July 1st. Will she be hot in the carrier?
Can you nurse baby in this wrap?
Can you face the baby forward in the carrier?
Does having large breasts impede in the use of this carrier, since the baby can not be forward facing?
Will this fit a petite Momma like myself? I'm 5"2, and we have a preemie who is now at 8 lbs., 2 months old. Thanks so much for replying.....
How is this different from "ERGObaby Performance Baby Carrier"? The only difference I see is it comes with the infant insert. ?
How big does baby need to be to be used without insert?
What is the age limit for this carrier? Or weight limit?
Can you use on the counter, or in a sink or tub only?
Will this fit in the stokke flexi bath? http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00K0K6F4A?t...
Can this be used for a newborn or should it be used once the baby is bigger?
How many months could you use this for? Did it last until the baby could sit in the tub?
Does this float? The previous infant bath seat I had constantly starts floating around in the water and it drives me batty.
Will this tub fit in an infant tub? I have one from my first baby, but the support I had was kind of worn out and I wanted to put a new infant support
Do you have any advice for transitioning from using this bath to just being in the tub?
Could you use this in a sink or only the tub?
please What is the size of the shipping box? Hi, I need to know the dimensions of the shipping box.
Is there a way to tell how far to fill up the bathtub with this support?
When you use 2 infant car seats with the adaptors, do you still have the option to face the seats in different directions? Twins on the way...
Looking for a stroller that will fit newborn twins, which means two car seats. Will this stroller fit double car seats?
If you have the car seat adapter on it, does it fold up with it, or do you have to take it off every time you fold the stroller up? Thanks :)
good for infant?
box contains two chairs shown in the picture?
Can you tell me what mosquito netting works best with this?
Can both the two seats full recline?I have twins baby ,so I want know whether my babies can sleep comfortable at the same time without carseat.
Can we use this pram for our newborn without a car seat? What age is it recommended for when not using the car seat?
How stable are seats once in place? Do they jiggle or vibrate while strolling? How well does this fold flat? Is it awkward to push? Would u buy again?
Is this stroller good for walking on unpaved or dirt paths?
Can this be fitted with two infant car seat adapters? We are having twins, so this is a must for us!
As it is can you use this for twins without buying anything additionally
Anyone ever own the City Select double stroller as well? How does this compare? Much cheaper, but is it at a cost of quality and functionality?
Do the seats pop in and out easily? I've heard the stroller is hard to fold with the seats in?
I have a 2007 chevy tahoe, does anyone know if this is storage compatible with this same type of vehicle or not?
Issues with steering and the wheels popping off? Read some reviews to that effect.
is it compatible with Britax B Safe car seat?
We live in NYC and are concerned about the performance of these tires in the winter/snowy roads and sideways. Any thoughts?
Is it very heavy to push with 2 kids in it? I have a daughter who weighs 28 pounds and a newborn. I am a petite mother so I am worried
Does it come with a car seat attachment?
We have two car-seats one next to each other on the back seats of our car. Is the mirror wide enough, that I would be able to see both babies?
Has anyone used this mirror as a vanity mirror for a teenager who needs to get her hair and makeup ready before practice
Our car (Ford Focus) doesn't have headrests in the back. Can this mirror be mounted on a seat without a headrest?
Will you ship to Alaska?
Did I install this correctly? I tightened it as much as possible, but the mirror vibrates as I'm driving.
this is not made with real glass right?
what are mirror dimensions
Under Tech Details it says the weight is 1 lb. That can't be right, can it?
Will my baby be able to see me as well?
Has this been crash tested?
Are all the pages puppy themed?
does it have a space where their foot prints can be stamped?
does this book have an area for what you received at your baby shower. also for the "1st" does it have spaces where you can write in the dates?
How many pages is the book?
Is it bound or 3-ring?
Is this BPA free?
Is this microwave safe?
How easy is it to clean (especially the straw part)? I am looking to use it for milk.
What type of plastic are these bottles made of?
If your child turns this upside down and pushes the straw part into the floor or shakes it upside down, does anything come out? Thank you.
one pack or two pack?
Anyone tried these with 8 month old?
Origin: Where is this cup made in?
I want to know "Philips AVENT Straw Cups 9oz 12m+ - Pink" including one cup or two cup?
Appropriate for what age?
Is the clear handle part a hard plastic or a soft more gel-like plastic?
Is this product BPA free?
washable?
Does this allow you to see your child? Also, do you think it would be waterproof? Thanks!
Would this work with a rear-facing convertible car seat?
I currently use a Graco Snugride in a City Mini stroller for my infant. Would this work to shield her from the sun?
Would this work with a Maclaren umbrella stroller?
Does this work on the first years jet stroller
Would this work with a Stokke Xplory?
I currently have a jogger stroller. How does this exactly attach? I already have a shade on it but looking to extend bc the sun still hits her a lot!
How do you fold it up? It popped open before I could see it folded and don't know how to fold it back up! Would really like to know... Thanks!
Will this fit the baby jogger vue
We're purchasing the Chicco Echo twin for our 3yr and 15 mo old. could I order 2 of these to fit or go with the shade that's made for a double?
SO... from the one-star (worst) comments, the common theme is that over an extended period of time, the material of these mats will ruin the leather?
Is there a way that the back of it will stay put with a rear-facing convertible car seat? I want to protect the seat from dirty feet.
In the picture it shows the item Black/Grey, I already have one of these &amp; it's Black/Black. What color is this when it was delivered?
What's the pt of using it if it damages the leather seat instead? How many of u experienced damage on leather?
Hi, do these come with the original box or just the product itself??
Hi, do these come with the original box or just the product itself??
What is the top surface material?
We have light colored FABRIC seats. Has anyone had trouble with color transfer or "melting" with cloth seats?
could this also be used for a toddler car seat?
I don't have small children any more, but the big ones make just as much of a mess! I've had my 2013 GMC Terrain for 3 months and I notice when they eat in the car, the crumbs get in the crevices of the leather seats. So, I'm looking for something to...
my 3 samsung snh-1010n keeps going on and offline all day.just started doing it about 3 days ago. try restalling but did not help
Is this like other internet monitors in that remote viewing access has been restricted (requires upgraded service)?
Every few minutes, I get the message stating: Video monitoring has expired. Please click in the camera to resume monitoring. What do I have to do?
What does the red R mean in upper right hand corner?
What are the 15 pieces?
Is the mobile a musical mobile.
Is the other side of the crib quit different?
What color is the crib sheet?
What are the 15 pieces?
what pink wall paint color matches this bedding well?
Is this playmat BPA/PVC/Pthalate free? Is it treated with flame retardants?
Has anyone machine-washed the frog and beaver?
What is the mat's diameter?
product dimensions?
What are the categories of music and selections for each category? I know some mobiles have maybe 3 or 4 songs and can get quite boring (for me).
Is there an option to turn the light on/off both on the animals and on the music box?
How does it attach to the crib?
is there a remote
Is it possible to have the mobile go around with the music turned off?
Can I attach it to pack n play?
Are all the pieces plastic or is there some cloth on it?
is it possible to use it while the child is on child seat in the car?
Is it comfortable for older children?
Does it work putting it the other way around? I need something to put below her chin, so her face doesn't flop forward (carseat). She's 12 months old.
Is it washable?
My daughter just turned 4. Can she still use this pillow when she's older?
Hi, are all your Skip Hop baby products authenticity guaranteed? Thx
Has anyone used this pillow with a Diono Radian carseat? They don't come with head cushions and I was hoping this would work instead.
Would this fit an average sized 16 month old? I see the size range says 2-4 years.
is the mobile attached to the arm? or can i use a differnt mobile arm?
Is there a setting for it to rotate without the music playing?
can this be shipped to an APO address
Is the music box battery or crank operated?
Can I attach it to a pack n play? Thanks
Do you ship to Israel ? thank you.
Has anyone figured out how to stop the squeak?
Does this glider recline?
How wide is the seat (inside the arms)?
How much weight does this hold ?
Can the cushions be washed?
seat width inside .....from arm to arm inside..
does the chair lock in different positions?
Does this glider recline?
What is the pull-out stool used for?
Is the color of the wood black or a dark espresso brown?
How does the seat cushion hold up with daily use? Amount of time before it starts to sag and look bad or become uncomfortable?
What is the height from the seat cushion to the top of the arm rest?
Can someone please tell me the height from the floor to the top of the base cushion on which we sit. Do you think a 5 foot person can rest feet down?
How high is it from the seat to the top. Is there enough room for someone who is 5'8"
I am 5'1". what is the measurement from floor to top of seats cushion?
What is that tray thing for? Its not flat, so you can't put a drink on it. I'm confused...
Does this glider recline?
Does it glide smoothly? Does it make any kind of noise when in motion? Thanks for taking time to answer my questions.
I have wide hips, will this feel too tight on me?
I have wide hips, will this feel too tight on me?
Mine is very squeaky, hubby has oiled it and tighten bolts. Any one else do something different that made it stop squeaking?
Would this be good in a small nursery?
does this chair have a locking mechanism?
Is the beige cushion color very light or dark? I need it to be very light to match her nursery room of yellow,whites, and pinks
does this chair have a high back? Could I please have the measurement in inches from the chair top to the seat? THank you
does it reclyne
Does it recline?
Does it lock?
What is the weight limit on this chair
How much weight does this hold ?
Can the cushions be washed?
seat width inside .....from arm to arm inside..
does the chair lock in different positions?
Does this glider recline?
What is the pull-out stool used for?
Is the color of the wood black or a dark espresso brown?
How does the seat cushion hold up with daily use? Amount of time before it starts to sag and look bad or become uncomfortable?
What is the height from the seat cushion to the top of the arm rest?
Can someone please tell me the height from the floor to the top of the base cushion on which we sit. Do you think a 5 foot person can rest feet down?
Do you think you can run these through the dishwasher? We had a Code Brown in the tub tonight and I'm not sure what I should do here.
The title says this set has 16 animals, the description says 8. Can anyone confirm the number?
Do these only stick on tiled walls? Will they stick on plaster wood when wet?
These look a little thin in the pictures - not as thick as typical foam numbers and letters. Anyone had trouble with pieces breaking off?
Can these go in the washing machine?
For those who have had these now for some time, have there been any mold issues? I've read mixed reviews.
Do these come off of the wall when they dry? Or are they permanent?
Are they BPA and PVC free? Or just pthlalate free? Babies put these in their mouths, so I'd like to know.
Is it really drinkable from 360&deg; (even when the flip cap is opened)? We have the Zoli, and the "cap" just slides back not flip open.
made in usa or china? thanks
Do you have to bite the straw while sucking to get liquid? Is it hard to suck from?
Are the straws soft or hard?
Has anyone found replacement straws for it?
Is it easy to clean ?
Some stores sell this as the "car seat base" without adding the work "kit." Is it the same item? (I believe it has the same item number.)
Sorry what is the function of this base? I seems like a baby car seat
does this base work with the newer Britax B-Safe 35 model car seat?
Can this car seat base be used for a larger car seat? We need to upsize our car seat soon, as our baby is 30 lbs. It'd be nice to use the same base.
do they have expiration dates just like the car seat?
does this work with the b-agile 3 car seat?
Is this the base that goes with the BOB B-Safe infant car seat?
this wouldn't work with the Britax pavillion g3, would it?
Does the base work with the BOB motion stroller?
Is this the 2015 model? I have been told the old bases will not fit new 2015 car seats.
Can you use sound without the projector?
Can you use this with batteries as well?
Is this battery-powered or AC?
time
are the projections movng or sitting still? thx
Is there a volume control? I'm not looking for something quiet....it has to drown out noise from outside my baby's room. TIA!
My image does not rotate. Is there a button or something that I'm missing, or should it rotate automatically when you turn the projector on?
Is the disc supposed to spin when the projector is on? Mine doesn't...
Is this really Made in the USA?
Hello, can I use this product in the UK?
is it good for older children?
Does this chair come with 4 feet in addition to the rocker? I don't want it to rock.
Would this be a good size for a 5yr old?
its it a kids size or a adult size
Can this chair be personalized?
Is the cover removable for cleaning?
Does it contain fire retardants? Does the label show "technical bulletin 116 or 117?
Compared to The Land of Nod Little chair, which would you recomend for an almost 1 year baby girl..
Is this too small for a 7 year old?
can teenagers sit comfy in them
What age and weight is recommended for the chair? I would like to purchase it for my six year old.
Is chair separate from stool? The description says 24 x 27 x 18 inches for chair, but what are the dimensions of the stool? How cushioned are the two?
Does it come witht he foot stool as well?
Can an adult use the chair as a foot stool? Can an adult use the foot stool as a foot stool?
I ordered 2 of these on Jan 1 &amp; still haven't received an update on ship date - any ideas on how much longer to wait?
which color is the little girl in the picture sitting in?
Does the chair come with safety straps?
Is this a regular size chair that you can sit in and use in your living room or den?
solid brown?
I see the dimensions are 24 x 17 x 18 - but which measurement is for which part of the chair (height, width, depth)?
What is the maximum weight limit on the chair?
can a 250 lbs adult sit in the chair without problems or would I break the chair?
will it fit a 6 year old
Will my 14 year old fit in this chair ? Looking for gaming chair for him
Is it only a kids chair?Up to what age?
Is there an estimated time when these chairs will be back in stock?
How do I wash? Cover is peeled off work?
size
How tall are these chairs?
The color. I'm looking for pastel not neon. Is it more like neon.
I weigh 250 lbs would the chair hold up to that weight, could I fit it this chair I am 6 feet tall
I saw one lady used them in her classroom &amp; even some 13 year olds sat in them. Wondered if I had kindergarten age to about 3rd grade in a self-contained class, would help me with furnishing the room and give them something great to sit on that's more...
Compared to the Pottery Barn Anywhere chair, what do you prefer?
is this for a child?
Does it give off any lingering toxic smell?
Are these designed for children or is it the average height of a regular chair?
is this a childs chair? i need this for adults use in my living room
would like to know the height, width, and front to back measurement along with weight limit please?
Would a 3 yr old boy fit that weighs about 38 lbs
Are the arms and corners well padded, etc. I have looked at several other styles in person and you can feel the wood in the arms under the fabric.
is the lavender color very dark?? Mine came looking navy blue to me...
Do you make covers for the chairs?
How easily does the chair tip backwards? or is it fairly sturdy and doesn't tip easily?
what are the dimensions of the chair? We have a tall 4 year old.
The colors aren't as vibrant as I want them to be. Are they brighter in person?
Are the wooden legs on this chair removable?
What is the height of the chair (from floor to seat)? My daughter is 15 months old but is still pretty tiny (she's still in 9 - 12 month clothing).
Would an adult be able to sit in this chair
is it machine washable and dryer safe?
how long is the rug?(inches)
What is the size of this rug ?
Can I know the difference between the red color and other color? What does the meaning of discontinued by manufacture? no more red color?
Is this "Quinny Zapp Xtra 2" as named on their official website?
Thanks, does it contains the water shield and Maxi Cosi adapter?
Orientation:Forward-Facing, Is this type which can be backward-facing ?
Orientation:Forward-Facing, Is this type which can be backward-facing ?
Orientation:Forward-Facing, Is this type which can be backward-facing ?
Hi, I need the dimensions of this item in packing? Please answer me, thanks
Is the pillow removable?
what is the mat made out of?
How long is the mat?
does this fit a britax b safe car seat? can you fold the bugaboo bee without taking the adapters out? thanks! :)
Does this work with bugaboo bee 3?
Does this work with the bugaboo cameleon?
Does this product also work on Bugaboo Bee?
Does this work with the 2007-2009 models of the Bugagoo?
Does this adapter work with the Britax Chaperone seat? I have found mixed information.
does it also create shade from the sun ?
I have the donkey but am still using car seats now - can I use this over the car seats as well since it's just a mesh net?
Does it fit Bee3
If I have a Donkey Duo so I need to purchase two?
is it compatible with 2007-2009 bee models?
dose it fit in bee as well?
Will this fit the baby jogger city versa?
Will this fit the frog properly?
can this be used for the bugaboo donkey?
does it fit the bugaboo bee+ ??
Will this fit as a rear facing in a chevy equinox?
Does this car seat have a latch system?
Do the straps ACTUALLY go low enough to use for a newborn? As in, will they have an origin point at or below the shoulders while rearfacing?
Can the headrest be moved up as the child grows? Can the headrest be pulled high for older children around 5yrs? I know the Safety 1st Alpha Elite 65 Convertible Car Seat, Decatur shows photo of the headrest being lifted higher in the front for older...
Can it recline in forward facing position?
How do I remove the infant insert from the car seat?
Does it have recline feature?
Is the material easy to clean? Can the cover be removed to wash it in a washing machine?
Do the side hand rests come off?
Does anyone know the height limit for the forward facing harness position?
is the boba good for plus size
Has anyone used this to carry their toddler/preschooler? I'm considering it for my 32lb 3 year old.
Does this have a hood for a sleeping baby?
Has anyone warn this in a warm climate? It's very hot where I live and I don't want to over heat my poor guy.
Since the straps doesn't have padding is it comfortable for extended wear?
Is there any insert you can buy so you can carry a newborn in this?
Is this breathable and sturdy enough to carry a toddler (25 lb one-year-old) on my back to hike?
Is it good for a newborn? Will the baby be comfortable?
Can this carrier be used in the water, like in the pool or at the beach?
can we have the 21 lb 18 month old in front outward facing position
I would like to know if it can stand alone using a 90 degree or "L" formation? If not, does anyone have any ideas on how it could be mounted ?
Does the gates open easily or do you have to step over to get to the child? Wanting to get one but my mother may not be able to step over
how long is the play yard if you make it a straight line instead of a circle
Is it pretty easy to pick up your child with the gate attached? I'm 5'4 and considering the model that has the gate attached. Recommendations?
what color is the playpen?
Would a 6x9 area rug be good to cover underneath this thing in most configurations?
Does it have a panel that opens.. as a gate. I cannot reach my legs over to get in and out
are you able to mount the sytem to the wall?
what height and color is this item?
will it work on the joovy caboose?
would these cup holders fit a Graco Trekko 3-Wheel Stroller?
Will this work for a BOB revolution?
Will this fit the Uppababy G-Luxe? Has anyone had any problems with it for the G-Luxe while the stroller is folded up?
Will it work on the baby jogger double city mini GT?
will this work with the chicco echo?
Will this work with the summer infant 3d light stroller?
I have a double umbrella stroller with two handles- would this fit? Rather, how long is each velcro strap?
Can condensation from drinks make its way into the center compartments? Or would items there (like a phone) be protected and dry?
Does the top of this caddy have any sort of inside wiring in it? I find the wiring is sturdier. The other caddy's I've ordered recently are so cheap!
How many bibs come in the package? The description says 24 count, but then it says 4 per package. Are there a total of 96 bibs or 24? Thanks!
Will these properly fit an average size 2 year old or is it more so for infants?
does the bib have water proof backing? Is the top side of the bib soft/cotton or made of plastic..
Is this machine washable?
Can it be used for a newborn? If not, why?
We are trying to prevent my sons flat head from getting worse! Is this something that can be used in the crib to help? He is 4 months old.
Is this pillow safe? Breathable ? any safety certificate as in Mimos Pillow?
Does this pillow have flame retardants?
What is the fabric cover made of? I am looking for 100% cotton. Thanks!
My baby is about to 3 month old. I am confused regarding this pillow, should I buy it or no because this pillow is for 6 month or up. so plz suggest.
how many inches wide is this pillow?
My baby is 3 months old. Can I use this pillow for my 3 month old baby ?
Will this chair fit the Carry On "Travelpro Expandable Business Plus Rollaboard" Luggage (size 20x14x9 inches) for international air travel? Thanks.
My daughter is 42'' and 45 pounds. Is this chair too small for her? Thanks.
Does the seat have straps for a baby/ toddler?
What is the weight limit for a child to be sitting on it?
What is the minimum age for a child to use this? Must a child be able to walk?
Is the headrest removable? Thanks
Do you think this would work on a convertible backpack/roller type of luggage??
How do the straps work for attaching to the luggage? Looks like just one strap? would it not slide down/off with the weight of your child?
Should I worry about the handle on my luggage breaking due to the extra weight?
Does this come with the luggae or is it just the seat which has to be fixed on our carry on?
Is it possible to adjust the handle up or down to suit people of different heights?
I have a Graco "Snugride 30" infant car seat but I don't see a "Classic Connect" label anywhere on the car seat. Will it work?
Will this work with a peg perego car seat? Doesn't need to click on perfectly but will it just sit on the top ok?
Can a child sit in this stroller alone or is there another attachment?
Does this work with Graco Snugrider 35?
If I bought a car seat from carseatcanopy will it fit on this stroller?
What are the dimensions when unfolded and folded? Thanks.
can this hold any other carseat other than Graco?
Does the car seat CLICK onto the frame?
it come with the Stroller and Car Seat? or only the stroller
BJORN LIGHT 2
Does this fit the thin mattress that comes with the Graco Pack 'n Play? I see two different answers for previous questions.
Does this fit with Nuna Sena travel crib?
Does this sheets fit the chicco lullaby?
does the sheet fit over the 3" Pack and Play mattress and mattress pad??
Will it fit the Lotus play yard?
will these sheets fit the dream on me 5" innerspring mattress?
Is the product specification 8 x 6.5 x 1.2 accurate while it fits well with the Dream on Me 3" Foam Pack-n-Play Mattress (39 x 28 x 3)?
Do these sheets fit the Dream on Me 3" foam mattress?
does it fit baby Bjorn travel crib?
What is the difference between the Snuza hero and Snuza halo baby monitor?
Is this product reliable and comfortable for tummy sleepers? My baby is six months old and has started rolling onto her tummy and face planting....
I'm confused, is this the newest model? I thought the newest model was the Hero and the halo was the older version.
Does this come with any batteries?
Can you leave it on the baby all day long? Or do you just sneak it onto their diaper after they fall asleep and before you lay them down?
How do you know when the batteries are low or dead? How can you test it to be sure its working?
What type of batteries does this monitor take?
How well does this product work with swaddle blankets, especially the Miracle Blanket?
Discontinued by manufacturer? Any insight why?!?
Does this wake sleeping babies? My don't want something that is going to continuously wake my sleeping baby.
what is the pound that it holds for a child
what are the dimensions of this backpack
what is the length of the strap?
Does the leash also clip on the bottom of the pack?
Is the zipper really as bad as all the reviews claim? How durable is the fabric?
Is this bag tall enough to hold a standard size folder without having to bend in the corners?
How long is the strap?
How many different heights can this crib adjust to? Thanks!
Is there a crib rail protector/teething protector that works well for this crib? I'm specifically wondering about the short ends.
Can it really only hold up to 30lbs??
What is the exact measurement of a crib mattress that fits tightly?
What kind of wood is used?
What kind of mattress support does this crib have?
Does the crib have stationary side rails? Could not find answer in crib specs/writeup
What size mattress do I need for this crib?
does this have a rod to hang clothes?
I need to put a tv on top of this is it sturdy enough and do you need to add the bottom legs? Height issue due to tv is why..thanks
Could you place a 42in flat screen on this? Also I need space for a wireless printer. Could it handle the weight?
can you change the shelf and door orientation on this??
Is it dark redish brown or more like espresso color? How do door nobs attach, can they be replaced with other screw in nobs? Are legs sturdy enough?
What convertible crib would best match this? Every computer is different to tell the actual colors. Thanks much!
i see pictures of this being used as a crib and a toddler bed, but can it also be used as a daybed, without the toddler rail?
Do you have to bend over further since this crib is a bit shorter than average cribs? Is this a pain? Also, does it seem too small?
does a regular crib mattress fit in this bed?
Does this monitor have pan and tilt capability?
Hello, How many inches is the screen?
I live on the 3rd Floor and wondering if this will work when I am in the basement? There will be 2 Floors between the basement and My Apt.
can both be plugged in?
Is the temperature feature accurate? Is the night vision infrared?
Is it possible to leave the video screen on without any movement or sound from a baby?
is it comes in a worry free box or original?
Is there a way to turn off the video screen and use it as an audio monitor?
I would like to monitor two babies at once, in two different rooms. Will the monitor flash between 2 cameras when there is noise-or is it all manual?
Is there a way to turn off the "beep" when the peep mode activates?
i wanna know does this item including seat pad
Does it include the seat pat?
Does this come with the booster seat and tray?
Is there anything else you have to buy or you pay $448 for the complete chair?
Where is this made?
Bpa free?
Does the sippy cup convert into a real cup, i.e. does the plastic sippy part come off?
Do the stars rotate?
Does this light have the ability to stay on all night?
How often would I need to change batteries? Does it get hot, can it stay in her bed or needs to be on table?
the galaxy star bee plays music?
just received it. any advice on assembly?
On my unit the Toy Bar pulls off easily, is this supposed to happen? I understand it should rotate, but pull off completely?
hello, is this bouncer safe for newborn babies?
Does this fold up nicely?
does it have an elephant toy likes the blue and pink one?
Are the lights on this toy part of the hanging bar over head or off to the side?
Are the toys BPA free?
Whats the dimension of the place mat- (Height and Width)?
what age group is this rated for?
Can you let baby play without a cover? I'm looking for a breathable option for around the house.
What cover do you use with this fitted?
This product includes a fitted diaper, a snap-in insert and a lay in booster. Which components are hemp and which are bamboo?
I have a 38 pound 2 year old... How high in weight does this fit to?? I'm desperate for an overnight solution..
how many spouts do you get for the price?
Does this fit the new Avent Naturals bottles? The naturals top isn't the same size as the older version, I've been told.
Hi, does anybody knows or tried the spout with the new Natural Glass Bottles? Please help!
Will this product fit the Philips Avent BPA Free Classic Bottle to First Cup Trainer, Blue
Does this work with pura kiki stainless steel bottle?
is this the replacement for the classical avent bottle or the new version?
is it made in China
is this the one that has slit not holes?
Will these snap into the ring that comes standard with a classic avent bottle or do you need to have the whole sippy top for it to fit?
Do these fit the wide mouth born free bottles?
Is this too big for a 7 year old girl?
The chair is packed and delivered in a box?
How many pounds can this chair carry?
does this come with the ottoman?
Can the cushion be removed for washing?
How high is the back from seat to top of the back?
Does it rock?
Are the peek a boo windows vented or plastic?
has anyone used the gt wheel upgrade kit that the manufacturer is now offering?
How many pounds is the stroller?
any tips on unfolding? I have folding down pat but unfolding feels awkward. the front needs to be on the ground? But then gets scratched...
are the tires plastic or rubber?
Can you reconfigure this to add carseat onto this to make it a double?
how many pounds baby can be to use this stroller
Does this stroller have a compatible car seat?
Does it come with a carseat adaptor?
How do I know it's not one of the recalled Versas from 2012?
Consumer Reports states that you have to remove the seat to fold the stroller. Is that true of does it have the one-hand fold of the City Mini?
Hi I was just wonderfing how come the product dimention for red is "8.5 x 22.2 x 39.5 inches" whilst for green is "27.2 x 20.5 x 8.5 inches? thanks."
Has anyone used this with a larger/taller toddler/child? My infant is a large infant, and I'm wondering whether it will last us a few years. Thanks!
Are the handlebars adjustable? Will this stroller work for someone who is 6'3"
Can I use the frame with car seat adapter?
I read that this product was recalled some time ago. Do you know If these units being sold are already adjusted? I suppose so...
Is it worth it to buy the gt wheel kit?
Is this stroller the GT wheels version? I asked Amazon but they seem confused.
hi, I want to know if this trolley can put the 2nd mammary chair, I have 2 children, 3 years and one year, thanks
does the delux pram attace to this
does the silver get dirty quickly?
How does this maneuver in stores/crowded aisles? Is it too bulky or does it fit well?
Can I completely remove the harnesses so I can use it like a temporary pram?
Is this product suitable for a newborn?
Is it worth it to buy the gt wheel kit?
Does this 2013 model have a handle brake?
is the black stroller you're selling the new model number with the new logo or the old one??
Is there a 2013 and 2014 version? If so, which is this one?
I would like to know how Packed this stroller? Please write me the exact dimensions of box (in inches or centimeters).
I would like to order a black one, when will it arrive?
How easy it is to move from one vehicle to another. Does this have a fixed base like the infant rear facing seat?
How heavy is it?
What's the maximum weight limit?
Is it compatible with an in step jogging stroller
Do these come with base?
Will it fit in the middle of a Camry if I install it rear-facing?
Does it recline in rear facing?
Is the cup holder removable?
How does the headrest/shoulder straps adjust?
is the seat cover removable/machine washable?
Will this seat fit in my Chevy Malibu RF and FF?
does the headrest come off?
Does it use the latch system, or does it require you to use a seatbelt?
Is the cover removable for washing?
Is this certified for airplane use? Has anyone used it rear facing on a plane and how easy to use on plane?
I don't like the fabric on this seat. I'm afraid it's hot and not breathable. Noticed any issues like this?
Does anyone knows if this seat is approved for use in Canada?
what's the width on this?
is this seat appropriate for an infant?
Will this seat stay in the right position without noodles or towels? Is the Victorian Lace color nice in person or is Glam prettier?
Has anyone tried this in a Toyota Yaris? Or can compare how much space it takes up front-to-back compared to the Evenflo Tribute?
Where is the cup holder? I don't see it on this product preview.
How much is the rated power of this bottle warmer?
is also working for food warmer?Solid food.
Is the water reservoir easy to clean? Any build up of mold?
does this hold all sized bottles
Does this product work with Medela bottles?
Will this work with Dr. Browns glass bottles 4 oz and 8oz?
Does it reheat the bottle automatically (after the bottle gets cool again)?
does the temperature gauge show you or let you choose the actual numeric temperature, or is it just relative temperature "high, medium, low"
If you don't take the bottle out of the warmer right away when it's done heating, will the bottle get too hot like other warmers?
Would Avent bottles fit in this warmer? They are pretty big.
Can you use medela bottles?
Does it work with tommee tippee closer to nature bottles?
would this work for cleaning my silverware? i have a small apartment and the counter-top dishwasher units don't clean silverware that great.
Does it take the Born Free glass bottles as well? I can't tell in the specifications
Does it fit Dr. Brown glass bottles? both 4 and 8 oz.
Does this sterilizer also dry the bottles?
I keep getting this red light. Why?
Do you need to add water to this product?
Can this fit breast pump parts?
how well to avent bottles fit ?
How wide are the holes (the bone shapes) in the gate? I have a very small Chihuahua (about 3 lbs), and I wouldn't want him to squeeze through.
can you put two of these gates together to cover a larger area
Do you have any similar products that are slightly larger say 18'x50"?
How tall is this gate????
how wide is the gate
what is the mattress made from?
How many inches wide is the basket?
What are the measurements of the mattress? I'm trying to figure out which sheets and bassinet pad will fit in this.
does the mattress come with it?
How much clearance does the cradle need on the side? How wide are the base legs? I'm wondering if I can fit it between my bed and the wall.
Can you lock the cradle so that it doesn't rock?
I am looking for a bassinet that is low to the ground since my baby is on the ground. Is this low?
Would you put a mattress pad to protect from leaky diapers, etc?
I am worried that I can use this cradle only for a few weeks as it seems quite short. How long is the bed itself actually? Is it really 31 inches?
Can someone let me know if they replaced the mattress pad with an organic mattress? and if so which brand?
Has anyone had trouble finding furniture to match the crib? Espresso seems to mean different colors, any recommended brand/color?
I would like to know the real size and weight of the box or boxes when this crib comes. Can you help me?
Does this crib come with the toddler bed rail?
Can a dust ruffle be used with this crib? Would it be seen? Do you need 2 mattresses to get the top mattress the height you want it for a young baby?
What kind of mattress would best fit this crib? And is safe
Any suggestions on matching nursery furniture?
Do I need to purchase additional twin/full conversion kit?
What kind of mattress comes with this bed? I.e foam, organic, innerspring? What are the dimensions of the mattress?
Is all wood
WHAT KIND OF WOOD IS IT MADE OF
Good day, this car is for babies 1 month old on? Or is only for child age and one more?
Does this stroller have a hand brake?
Can an infant car seat snap into this or does the child need to be able to sit up on their own?
How wide is it?
How long does this take to ship to Australia ?
What is the difference between the Elixir and the Expedition?
Does this stroller have the option to buy a child's tray to hook on to it?
Is there an adapter to use one side with a car seat?
Does this fit Uppababy Cruz 2014 and earlier models?
Are the attachment clips included for the Cruz 2014 model?
Does this fit the 2013 vista models
Does it fit the Quinny Buzz?
Does it fit the Uppababy Vista 2014 model?
Does it fit with Uppababy G-luxe stroller?
Has anyone else had difficulty attaching this? Not sure if ours is defective, but it will not fully clamp onto the stroller...
does it fit with Chicco liteway plus stroller?Thanks
Does it fit Summer 3D Lite Convenience Stroller?
will this fit the britax b agile?
Does it comes with inserts?
Are these diapers the newly designed version of the elemental diapers?
Since these are just cotton without a staydry, how has it been removing solids before washing? TIA!
Do these have adjustable elastic in them for smaller legs?
Do I need 12-24 actual diaper covers, or just inserts?
how many diapers do you need for one day or a week?
Are these machine dryable?
Does a Front Loading HE washing machine get the BumGenius Diapers clean enough?
Can I choose the colors?
I've just starting using these - I'm really confused - why is there so much spare material inside? It bunches up really badly or leaves a huge fold.
Why don't you list all of the car seats that are compatible with this stroller??
Do the Chicco Keyfit30 carseats actually snap into this stroller frame?
is the baby trend universal double snap n go stroller compatible with the graco snugride 30
Does it fit a Graco Snugride 32
Does anyone know it the Britax B-Safe car-seats fit to this stroller?
the max weight is 40 lbs? most infant car seats alone are about 15 lbs, so your twins can only weigh 5lbs apiece?
How tall is the handlebar for this? My husband is 6'6 - will he have to hunch over to push it? Will he hit the bar with his feet?
Do two Britax B-Safe Infant Seats work with this stroller?
britax
Do the seats get shaky when the pavement is uneven, in gravel, in a park, etc since they don't actually snap in?
Can it fit for a mini crib?
Would you tell me for what size of mattress it fits?
what is a wall hanging?
The specs call for 6" x 6.5" x 1.1". The photo looks like battery might be about 3" wide. What is true size?
What is the maximum output this device can handle in current? Is it in fact around 4.5 amps?
I want to light a 5 meter (16.4 ft) strip of 5050 RGB lights for a few hours per charge. What mAh rating will suffice?
The specs say 6.5 x 6 x 1.1 inches. In the pics it looks more oblong. Are those the correct dimensions of the brick itself?
Could you measure the battery for me and give me the LxHxW
Hooking this battery up to a 400w inverter. When I turn on the inverter with no load, the low voltage alarm sounds, the inverter turns off . Thoughts?
I'm looking at charging a lav mic transmitter w/ the requirements: "13-15v dc nominal 500 ma" will this 12.6v do, or do I need something stronger?
Will this fry a device that needs 12V 0.6A?
What size is the DC output jack?
It is noted this has a protection circuit. It protects from allowing the batteries from getting to low, but do they also protect from overcharging?
Does it fit the Bob Revolution stroller?
Would this fit Baby Trend Jogger Exoedition?
does this have rubber or plastic wheels?
Does it fit the Britax B-Agil stroller?
Does this fit a Graco Quattro Tour Deluxe stroller and if so is it hard to steer the stroller with a toddler standing in front of you?
Can this be used with the City Mini GT single?
Will this work on a standard umbrella type stroller?
will it fit a chicco liteway stroller?
Will this work with a Graco Fast Action Fold and Click Jogger?
does it fit the bugaboo bee stroller?
Does this work for the perego switch four?
Can it fit Pliko P3 Compact?
Does it fit the si stroller?
does it fit the si stroller?
Will it fit Pliko Mini stroller?
Hi. Will this tray work with Pliko P3 Compact?
Is this tray compatible with the Book Plus?
Will this tray work with the pliko p3? Thanks
What is the height of the 2nd step? These dimensions don't quite make sense.
what is the max. weight bearing capacity?
Is there a grip on the step part so they don't slip off of the stool?
Does this stool have rubber feet?
height?
How is this bag when carrying double everything for a potty training toddler and a infant? Do you feel like things get lost in the bag?
Is the padded shoulder strap comfortable when the bag is fully loaded? TIA
Is the material easy to wipe clean? i do not see one review describing the material. THanks! :)
What is the "choking hazard"? It's in the product description.
Is the color really grey and cream? It looks more like a light blue.
Does anyone miss that this bag does not have a backpack carrying option? I have a 2.5 year old and soon to have a newborn.
Does the main opening of the bag zip or button closed?
Does this bag come with a changing pad? If not, is there one that matches that you would recommend?
Is this bag really bulky? The diaper bag I have right now is horribly big and difficult to carry and the baby.
how many exterior pockets does this bag have?
Can you use regular grocery bags instead of liners?
The description says it "has no liners", but the people in the reviews indicate that it came with liners or bags. Does it require liners or not?
Will this potty work for airplane travel?
What is the height of it? My 2 year old is very tall. I don't want her knees to be by her ears :)
Wod this work for a 6 and 8 year old?
Would this work for an eight-year-old (50 pounds)?
How big is the hole in this potty? I have a toddler that is off the charts in height so the little potties won't work.
Can this be used as a seat on top of a toilet or is it only stand alone?
Does this potty have a lid to cover the seat or is the seat exposed all the time?
Is there a weight limit on this? I was going to purchase the Potette Plus, which is a 50lb limit for my 37 lb toddler. Does this have one?
Does is have any grips on the bottom to prevent it from sliding around??
What is the height of this stool?
does this stool have a weight or age limit on it? need it for a bigger kid
I'm sorry, just to clarify: the second step is only 8 1/4 inches taller from floor to platform?
What is the hight of the stool? 8 &amp;1/4 seems small for a 2 step stool...
Does the toddler sleep sack keep toddlers from climbing out of the pack n play?
Is the lightweight knit material similar to the 100 percent cotton of the infant SleepSacks? Thanks!
What's the difference between the lightweight knit material and micro fleece wearable blanket&#xFF1F;
can i go with '2-3t size' for a 31inches tall, 24lbs 21months old kid?
I'm comparing this one to the early walker version. How do the sizes compare?
My sons are 27 months. Is it better to get this instead of a traditional sleep sleep sack?
Is this wearable blanket treated with flame-retardants?
Can you add programs to tis tablet
Does this toy need a charger?
CHANGING A SPANISH LANGUAGE?
CHANGING A SPANISH LANGUAGE?
what are it dimensions?
What is the appropriate age?
How many pages total?
Does this book have a spot for baby's footprints?
does this book have the 12,8,5, pages?? 12 months, 5 years, and the 8 pages for notes, keepsakes, and photos?
Does this have a pocket?
does this product just have blank pages or does it have actual specified areas for growth, family trees, milestones, etc.?
Anyone has the black and white stripe? And how does it look? How's the material?
Would this bag fit under an airplane seat as a carry-on? I am looking for a good bag to bring on the plane for a long flight.
Is this bag big enough for twins? I'm debating between this and the duo double.
Are the bottle pockets big enough for an insulated sippy cup to fit into?
Honest opinions--is this huge to lug around in addition to several young kids? (Pregnant with twins; currently have 1, 3, 5 yo children))
The trim in the top picture is a light brown or tan color but the trim in the additional detail pictures is a dark brown. Which is it in reality?
Some people say that this bag is quite bulky when packed. Is it? And does things fall out the side pockets?
Hi, is this bag waterproof? Can it keep things dry in rainy days?
I like the red. It looks like leather or faux leather, but I can't see anywhere what the material actually is. Does anyone know?
Will this attach to a double stroller? Or is it just wide enough to fit a single?
Will be a 1st time mom, I like the appearance of this bag, but am concerned that it is embarrassingly big.Should I start out w a smaller one? Which?
Does the bag come with a changing pad? If not, what's next to the bag in the picture?
Is this bag big/good for an 18 month old and newborn? I'm expecting my second in March and need a bigger diaper than what I have.
Is this machine washable? I'm not seeing that it is. How do you clean it if not?
Has anyone had it embroidered? Id like to do it to mine...
will this bag fit (hang) on a double stroller?
Does it zip closed on top?
Does this wash easy (wipe) worried about the red color showing spills , or stains , dirt worse than the darker colors -thanks !
My current Skip Hop diaper bag didn't hold up very well in the interior- the pockets basically shredded. Any similar problems with this bag?
The color "cinammon" makes me think a rusty brown. It looks red in the pictures. Is it like cherry red? Brick red? Orange-ish?
What are the recommended weight limits? One review said it would hold a 6 month old, but I saw someplace else said less than 15 pounds.
What are the pad dimentions?
Can the bassinet sit on the ground (i.e. without the frame)?
HOW WIDE IS IT
A few of the reviews mention that the bassinet color is not actually white. Can you advise if it's truly white or more of an off-white/cream color?
What size sheet does it use?
I am looking to get a 100% cotton sheet since that is what the baby will be touching. Has anyone found what replacement sheets fit the "mattress"?
Does it come with a mattress
Are the sides of this bassinet breathable for the baby? In the photograph, I could see the mesh only on a portion of its sides.
Are these dishwasher safe?
Are these too babyish for a just-turned four-year old? Should I just re-purpose a cake fork and have him use that instead of "toddler" cutlery? Thanks
What is the stainless grade for these fork?
Do you get the color shown in the picture?
Is the fork part itself stainless steel?
I know this is for kids but I am a very small adult. Can I use these too or would I break them?
Are these BPA free?
Will this work for the Joovy Caboose Stand On Tandem Stroller? If so, would you then you remove the current rear seat base and put this on?
If my child decides he would rather stand can you remove the Joovy Caboose Too while you are out and about and store it in the basket underneath?
Can you still use this when you have the infant car seat attachment in use in the front seat?
Does this work with the Joovy Caboose Ultralight stroller?
can i use the rear seat in another stroller, like baby trend brand
Will this work on the ergo caboose?
will this work with the big caboose?
Can you use this with the sun protector on the stroller?
Is the car seat adapter included/part of the stroller?
Does this work on Joovy Ergo stroller?
Greetings, I would like to know if both seats can be reclined at 3 positions?; I mean, can both seats be set almost horizontal to carry newborn twins?
I'm trying to figure out if my kids will fit in these seats. The options lt seats are too small, my 23 mth old didn't fit &amp; he isn't a big kid.
I have a 2007 Toyota Camry and I've already bought one double stroller that didn't fit into my trunk, is there anyway of knowing if this one would?
is this pillow recommended for 1 month old?
Would you recommend this size for a 9 month old, or would she get better use from the toddler size?
Is this pillow similar in density to normal (adult) memory foam pillows? I'm looking for a thin pillow for my own use, about the size of this.
Where can I find pillowcases for this pillow!? Searching is driving me nuts...
Has anyone noticed a smell with this pillow? I've heard memory foam has a chemical odor and needs to air out first.
where is this pillow made?
Can you wash the outer case that it comes in? If so, what are the care instructions? I can't find it anywhere on the label. Thanks.
age for? size?
How old for baby
What's the size of the pillow?
Has anyone purchased a pillowcase for the Clevamama Toddler pillow? If so, what brand did you buy?
Is this pillow machine washable?
I didn't see an answer about the polyurethane... does it contain this material??
Would this size work for a very active (crawling, creeping) almost 10 month old girl, average size? Or should I do the baby pillow? She's a cuddler.
Is this memory foam, regular standard foam, fiber filling, or some other material? Please get back to me quick!
Does this pillow come with a pillow case?
did pillow have chemical smell?
My daughter is almost six month now. Should I take the baby pillow or this toddler pillow?
Is this memory foam, regular standard foam, fiber filling, or some other material? Please get back to me quick!
smell?
Doesl this work for the 2015 Uppababy Cruz?
Doesl this work for the 2015 Uppababy Cruz?
Does this bag fit a 2014 UppaBaby Cruz?
Does anyone know if the UPPAbaby Vista stroller fits in this bag?
Does the bag itself fold? I want to gate check the stroller so wondering how I transport the bag and still use the stroller at the airport.
Has anyone used this bag for a City Select double stroller?? I am getting ready to ply internationally and don't want my stroller getting trashed my the airline.
I have a Baby Jogger City Select? I saw where the City Mini GT fit into this bag, but was wondering if the City Select would as well. Thanks!
I have a Bugaboo bee, would it fit in this bag?
How can I order toddler guard rails for this? I could not find them anywhere on the internet.
Do you guys know where to buy conversion kit for this crib, seems like hard to find on internet ? any suggestions please...
which is the box dimension ?
The dark cherry listed is pictured as regular cherry and vice versa. Which do I order to insure that I reserve the regular, lighter cherry color?
How can I order toddler guard rails for this? I could not find them anywhere on the internet.
Do you guys know where to buy conversion kit for this crib, seems like hard to find on internet ? any suggestions please...
which is the box dimension ?
The dark cherry listed is pictured as regular cherry and vice versa. Which do I order to insure that I reserve the regular, lighter cherry color?
Why is the dark cherry lighter than the cherry?
Why is the black double the cost of the other two cribs? Is there something different?
What mattress best fits this crib? I am looking at the Sealy Baby Firm Rest Crib but the dimensions do not match up. Any suggestions?
The cherry color looks dark, like a black cherry. Is this correct? I am trying to match another piece of furniture. I need it to be pretty dark.
Has anyone found this cotton carrier to overheat? I am torn between the cotton (softer I assume) and the mesh one (cooler).
Yes excuse me before I buy that item I like to know if that would fit me alright, I'm a 210lb MR?
It says there are 6 positions. I see inward and outward facing, on the back and on the side. What are the other 2? Thanks!
Can't decide between the Airflow or Organic Lillebaby carrier? Will the organic be too hot or airflow not as comfortable?
Are the straps adjustable in two directions like the new All Seasons are?
Is it washable?
How long are the waist and arm straps and are there any extenders? My husband is a bigger guy and im looking for a carrier we both can use.
Does anyone know if this carrier would work for a short person? I am 5'2" and I am worried about it not working for me!
I am a larger mom and am wondering if this will span around my hips? I had to buy an extender strap for our Ergo. Will this one fit me?
Does it have any pockets? Does the hood tuck away when not being used? How wide is the seat at it's largest setting?
Is this warm enough for baby in the winter?
Is the mesh REALLY that much cooler than the regular? I live in FL and tend to think when it's 95 degrees and 98% humidity, hot is just hot.
Is it made in China?
Does the mesh snag at all???
How does this fit on thin/small build moms? I am size 0-2 with a small frame.
I heard you can use this carrier with the straps criss-crossed in the back - is this true and if so how do you put it on (by yourself)?
Will this really work for my two-year-old? She weighs around 25 pounds.
Works fine for a newborn?
what access including ?
Is this the stokke xplory V4, model 2014&#xFF1F;
My husband is 6 foot tall, how comfortable would this be for him to push around?
does this work for newborn? or do i have to buy the carry cot bassinet?
Can this be used as a car seat?
Do you ship it to China?
Do I need to buy any accessories to use this stroller for a newborn?
Does this come with a warranty?
Excuse me ,I want buy Stokke Xplory Stroller - Black Melange Marie. IF the stroller has a free sleeping basket?
Hi, do you freight your strollers to Australia?
What is the total weight limit for this stroller when seating two kids?
does this price includes the extra seat on the back?
What would I need to purchase to accommodate a Chicco Keyfit 30 for this stroller?
Does the child in the back seem bothered or bored by their restricted view?
Does the front wheel have the ability to both swivel and lock?
Product desc. says "Please see ... says 9V or 9VDC". What's different? Mine says "9 VDC max.", but original battery pack outputs 12V. Is this the one?
The original one I got (9207010) says 9V, 1A. This says 9V, 2A - would it be OK or any risk of damaging the pump?
can my adapter work in nigeria?
India has 240 V. I want to use advance in style pump bought in US, in India. Will it work in India with this power adapter?
I have the Medela faceplate that says 9vdc, got it in the US and it's 110v. Can I use this adaptor in the Philippines where our power supply is 220v? I fear that it might destroy my pump.
I have the Medela faceplate that says 9VDC and the plug is model number 920.7010, is this the correct replacement plug?
Does it work on medela swing ..please it's urgent I need to buy it today
what are the dimensions of the open shelves? i would like to find baskets for them also.
Is this sturdy enough to be used as a bench?
Has anyone stacked them three high?
Could someone tell me the heighth, width and depth?
Is the back of this white? I would like to use it in the middle of a room. Thanks.
What are the dimensions of the small drawers?
What are the dimensions of the actual product, not the box that it comes in(as Amazon lists)?
could this be used to put a dollhouse on top of it?
Is this strong enough to hold a TV on top?
Does the back have a lip on the base? I would like to put two together, back to back and make a table out of it. It the back is flush all the way down, I think this should work. Thanks.
They show these stacked - do they actually mount together or are they just stacked on top of each other? I worry about my 1 year old pulling on it.
Would the baskets hold DVDs well?
Can someone please tell me the dimensions of the two large open compartments? Thanks!
Can you stack the two or 3-bin storage cubby on top and mount them together? Thank you!
Would this work as a bench to have sitting by a door?
Can you hang it on the wall?
What is this piece made of?...Is it real wood? Laminate? Pressboard?...what is it? Exactly.
What are the dimensions on the top two cubby spaces? Inside dimensions please. Thanks!!
I am confused on the demensions, how tall is it??
Is it NUK and slow flow?
Do these work with Dr. Brown's bottles?
Do these nipples have a slower flow than the standard Nuk 0+ (slow-flow)? Do they fit standard Nuk bottles?
These work with medela bottles?
These work with medela bottles?
slow or fast flow? 0+ or 0-6 months?
Do these caps fit the nuk glass bottles that come with the wide-neck nipples?
What's the expiration date of the product?
Does the straw have a valve or is it just a regular straw with normal flow, without having the child sucking too hard on the straw?
does this leaks?
wash
One reviewer mentioned a smal piece that was easily removed by her child and small enough to be a choking hazard. Has Skip Hop addressed this?
Does anyone know where I can order the top part of the straw? Or the whole assemble? My toddler chewed off the top
Water pours out of the little hole next to the straw. What am I doing wrong?
What type of plastic is this? I want to know the number inside the little triangle of arrows generally found on the bottom of plastic bottles.
Is there scale on the bottle? Thanks!
What is the material of this product?
Can I disinfect the bottle by high temperature?
Can the cup be used without the sippy top?
Is this set microwave safe?
Is this set BPA free?
Any one knows what is the nipple size for these bottles? are they fast flow? Can my 1 year old baby use this nipples?
Do these leak from the hole? If my daughter is finished with her bottle and throws it done is it going to leak from the hole on the nipple?
Does anyone use MAM pacifier with these bottles? Is there any nipples confusion?
If I give this to my daughter when she holds her own bottle...is there a certain way she has to hold it? I heard there is a hole on top and if you turn it the wrong way it'll leak?
Is this Comotomo tether BPA free?
Anyone tried both Comotomo Teether and Baby Banana Octo Brush? Which silicone teether with "extension" arms is better for 7 month old baby?
Why would you buy a teething toy with a Proposition 65 warning?
I have a silicone teether that is great, but collects any and all fibers. Does this teether have the same problem?
Is this Comotomo Teether too small for a 7 to 8 month old baby?
Is it useful for chewing inside wen molars r popping?
Can this be frozen?
Hi, can we put this in the sterilizer?
Where is this made?
Can a baby reach their back molars with this teether?
What color is this? White or ivory?
So is it a '2 pack' as the title states, or a '4 PK' as the print over the photo states?
Will this work with "modern" outlets that don't have a center screw, but rather those that have a top and bottom screw?
Would my rectangular shaped monitor plug fit in here?? Doesn't look wide enough to accommodate it.....since the wire comes out the side of the plug.
Does this cover a single round outlet for an ac?
what color is this?
What is the difference between this car seat, Chicco KeyFit 30 MAGIC Infant and the Chicco KeyFit 30 Infant?
Which shade covers more: Zip or Magic model?
Does this come with a base?
Do you struggle with the canopy? Seems like it should be one handed and seems way harder than it should be to operate. Do you get used to this?
Does it dispense a certain amount or can the kids hold their hands under it and waste tons of soap? Want to buy it for my daughters class.
can you mute or turn off the music function? older couple with no kids want funly soap dispenser but sound might be too much to take...
What kind or consistency of soap are you using? I put in a rather thick liquid soap and it stopped working so I'm hoping I can get it working again.
Does it work well with hand sanitizer instead of hand soap?
where is the batter bay? bottom? our previous automatic dispenser has the batter pack at the bottom of the unit and the water kept seeping in.
Can you use foam soap in this?
Can you use hand sanitizer with this?
Can you turn the song off?
Does it dispense liquid or foam soap?
Can this run non-stop when plugged in or does it have to be run using the auto-off timer?
What are the 6 sounds this product makes?
Can this be plugged into an outlet or does it have to run on batteries? It says on the description battery or adapter but then in another place it says batteries are required. I'm confused, I don't want to be buying batteries for it all the time.
Does the Ocean sound have birds in it?
If the power goes out, will it switch to battery automatically?
Some of these machines have about a 3-second loop; the sound recycles every few seconds. How about this one?
is this as loud as a vacuum cleaner? i have a very loud 4 year old i need the baby not to hear.
Does this have a lot of lights?
How fast does it drain batteries?
other than color, is this different than the HoMedics SS-2000G SoundSpa?
I see the dimensions of the stoller, but what is the size and weight of the package / box?
One last question I promise. Does it come with the little pouch to put underneath the seat? thank you all so much!
Does this come with the canopy and apron cover?
Does the guarantee covers strollers purchased through amazon, what is the difference with direct purchase
Does this model have the full sunshade canopy included?
What's the difference of Bugaboo Cameleon3 Stroller Base - Black/Black with Bugaboo Cameleon 3- All Black Special Edition&iuml;&frac14;&#159;
Has anyone used this stroller in the snow? If so, does it work well?
Does this product ship to APO Addresses?
Is the black frame coated?
In the upright position, it the seat back completely straight (90 degree) or is there still a slight recline?
Does the JuicePresso require a separate strainer for fruit and vegetables?
What is the difference between this product and the $499.99 one? (See Juicepresso Cold Press Juicer with Easy Clean 3 in 1 Smart Extraction System..)
Hello! whether it is possible to shipping this product to Poland? I have a problem with the order :(
How much is the price to send it to Spain and when it&acute;ll arrive? Thank You!
I want to know terms of warranty.
Does it come in 220V?
what level are the nipples
what level is is best for 9 months?
Does this set come w/ the vents too?
Are bottles compatible with Medela breast pump?
Can bottles be frozen
Does this product come with 1 sleeve or 2 sleeves?
I also wanted to ask, does this come with two sleeves or just one. The photo shows two, but the description is in the singular. Thanks.
Do these come with nipples?
What is the maximum height a baby can be?
Does this swing rock side to side and head to toe?
Is the seat cover easily removed for washing? What about the straps?
How much does this swing recline? Also, does the pillow with ears shove a newborn's head forward? I'm worried about the chin to chest issue---
I would like to ship this to my mother's home for an upcoming vacation. Is it easy to disassemble and repack to bring it back to my home on plane?
How well does this swing work as baby grows? Will it still swing the same when baby is heavier or will it get slower?
does this swing fold up easily?
is this swing quiet (does it make a clicking noise)?
I've had four of these swings. . Does the seat on this one eventually tilt to one side?
Are you able to adjust the seat and if so, how?
What are the dimensions of the pad?
Has anyone bought an extra pad and sheet for this bassinet? If so what did you get?
What is the difference between this and the Fisher-Price Green Rock 'n Play Portable Bassinet?
can able remove whole things for wash in case gets dirty or just the pad can wash only ? i need to know. thanks.
do you need to buy a mattress for this?
What is the maximum weight of baby for this?
Are the sides mesh?
Is the pad firm enough to use for sleep for several months until baby transitions into a crib?
What is the measurement of the pad inside? Thinking of buying this and a different pad based on the reviews.
Does this come with a bassinett pad already in it?
Is the BOB B-safe car seat the same as the Britax B-safe?
One of the cons on this seat is that it doesn't fit into smaller cars. What cars were compatible and which ones were not?
does this car seat come with the Britax B-Safe 30 Infant Car Seat Base?
What Snap N Go type stroller does this car seat fit with? The Snap n Go EX universal stroller is too wide for it.
What is the difference between the BOB B-Safe and the Regular Britax B-Safe car seat?
In what country is this car seat manufactured?
Is this car seat aproved for Canada?
Is it compatible with Bob revolution ce or does it need an adapter?
what are the dimensions?
Is this stiffer like a lap pad or like a piece of cloth? Can a 3 mo old sleep straight on it (on his belly) or would it slide and bunch under him?
Could 2 be sewn together to make a bigger one?
Is this stiffer like a lap pad or like a piece of cloth? Can a 3 mo old sleep straight on it (on his belly) or would it slide and bunch under him?
Is this product phthalates or pvc free? Some other Nuby bath toys lists phthalates free on the packaging, while this one doesn't.
Do the fish float?
WHAT AGE GROUP IS THIS SUITED FOR?
Does this toy carry a CA Prop 65 warning?
do they float on top of the watch??
Does the mobile spin electronically?
I'm still a little confused as to what is included in the package...it shows the clamp, the arm, the music box, and the x for hanging. all of it?
how long does the electric mobile play music for?
Are these red or more of a hot pink in color?
How do they hold up when washed in dishwasher - do the lids still fit after several washes, do they crack?
Do they leak when you put them upside down? my 21 month old would do that to all his cups
I just wanted to be sure - these are a hard plastic spout, correct?
I have two sets of these and the spouts started to disintegrate (plastic peeling) after just a couple weeks use. Anyone else? Did I get a bad batch?
The package in the picture says 4 cups but the description says 8 count. How many cups come in one order?
What does the cup look like without the lid? Child is just about ready for a regular cup and would like to use to transition from sippy to regular.
Are there 8 cups or just 8 pieces (4 cups + 4 lids)?
are these cups bpa free?
Do these zippy cups have a valve? Im looking for a non valve cup. Thanks
My son is 27 1/4 inch tall but he only weights 15 lbs. would the small size fit him?
My son is about 25 inches long and a little over 14 pounds. What size should I get?
My daughter is just shy of 14lbs and only 24in tall. I am debating about the size because she is going to be 7 months old, but she is little.
Is this magic suit the microfleece option?
My son is 20.1 lbs 6 month old. We are having a horrible time at bedtime. Because of his size, is it even worth investing in one?
My baby is 15 lbs. Should I get the medium or large sleepsuit? Will it be ok to be a little big at first?
Is this suit not a SIDS risk with over bundling? It looks like a snow suit, very thick and heavy.
Concerning the position of the arms &amp; legs for development: Is it stiff? Can the baby still get his legs in the froggy position? Can he bend his arms?
is this garment treated with flame retardants? is it made of fabrics that have been treated with flame retardants?
Is this too hot to start using in spring? We have AC, but I'm worried about overheating
Is it too early to try this if my baby is only ten weeks old? (He is 12 pounds so he meets the weight guideline but is not long.)
Why should I pay $40-$70 for this item? Why not just use a sleeper?
My 3 month old likes to cross her legs while she sleeps. Would she be able to cross them with this product? Thank you.
I have to feed my son a few times during the night. Do I take him out of this when I'm bottle feeding? Im afraid if I do, he will wake up.
Does anyone know if these are treated with flame retardants?
Do you put baby in the suit and then breastfeed? Or, feed first, then suit up?
We have a little guy - he just turned 5 months and is 14lbs... he's long though - should I get the 3-6 month one or the 6-9 month?
How should the Merlin Sleep Suit fit? Should it be somewhat roomy. My 4 month old is 14 lbs and I'm afraid the 3-6 mon is too small.
How is the sizing? My 4.5 mo is tall (27") on the thinner side (about 14lbs). Currently he's in 6mo clothing. Would the 6-9 size be too big?
My daughter is almost 5 months old &amp; is 18 lbs. If she can roll easily, will she be able to roll in sleep suit??
I am baffled, what is it made of or how does it work, is it filled with something that makes the suit heavy or stiff?
Are the sizes true to the months?
Is it safe &amp; effective for a 6- month old who loves to roll to sleep on his stomach?
My 4 month old is huge - 28 inches and 21 pounds. I'm afraid this might be too small, any ideas?
How difficult is it to get baby to learn to sleep without the suit once they are used to sleeping in the crib with it?
Can the baby still suck their fingers to self-soothe?
The material looks hot. Is it too heavy to use in the summer?
What size to get? My babe is small - 6 months but 15 lbs and 25 inches....
How old does the baby have to be to use Merlin's magic sleep suit?
What is the optimal sizing? Is it supposed to be so tight that they can't get their hands to their mouth?
What material is better for the spring and summer months?
Can you use this when baby is 8 months and flipping over?
Can you breastfeed with it on?
it comes in micro fleece or cotton. What is the difference? which is better?
How do these fit? big or small or true to size?
My daughter just started rolling over at night swaddled which wakes her. Will this help her not roll over at night?
Is this appropriate for the summer months (i.e., when it's hot)? I like the concept but fleece seems like it would make my baby too warm w/o the AC.
Anyone have any experience using this during teething? Everyone keeps telling me his sleep patterns won't last! I'm loving my 9 hrs every night!
Does anyone have experience transitioning out of the sleepsuit once your child has outgrown it? Was it difficult?
I'm looking for a warmer swaddle for our baby to wear in the winter months. Would this be a good choice for a warm, winter swaddle?
Can my baby sleep on her side in this suit?
I'm wondering is this suit hot? Can it be used in the summer?
How fast does the turntable turn? How many revolutions per minute
How tall is the stand?
Can you confirm the dimensions of this cake stand? The listing shows 10 x 2 x 10 inches but the description says it can hold up to 12'' sized cakes.
Hi, can anyone please tell me if this stand revolves in both directions (both clockwise and counter-clockwise)? Thanks
What cover should I order to go with the stand?
What screw does it take? It clearly needs one, but didn't include it or instructions...&gt;.&gt;
Hello ~ How much weight will this cake stand hold?
Can you use it for non circular cakes?
will this fit the britax b ready stroller?
Do you need the bumper bar if you get the snack tray?
Are the attachment clips included for the Cruz 2014 model? (The piece that connects to the frame)
Hello this is include with the adapter for crus 2014
Would this work with a 2008 vista?
does this fit the uppa baby vista 2013?
Will this work for Uppababy Cruz 2014?
Would this work for a vista 2009?
does this tray work with the 2015 cruz?
From some of the reviews, this is not a twin size sheet set?
Is it 100% cotton?
Is the blanket a comforter or quilt?
Will this fit a full size bed?
My child bed is like a regular single bed, 3 ft across and 6 ft in length, will it fit?
Is the top sheet fitted at one end?
Will this fit an Ikea toddler bed?
size??
Is it for a twin bed? Looks like it in pic, but doesn't say anywhere.
Is this set made in China?
Are these dishwasher safe?
Are these sippy cups the older version with the "screw on lids" or the new ones that "click in place" and leak?
Is this BPA free?
Is the spout soft or hard?
Does this cup have a cover over the lid?
Do you use a waterproof mattress cover on the pack n play in addition to these sheets?
Does anyone have recommendations on a quilted sheet that fits the graco pack n plays well?
Why does the cream color look pink in this picture. I would expect it to be off-white. Is it actually pink?
is this made or cotton or....?
Is this a fitted or a flat sheet?
How much cushion does this provide? Does it pad the "mattress" that comes with the pack and play or am I better off purchasing an additional mattress
has anyone used this on the nuna sena?
What is this quilted sheet made of, cotton, polyester, plastic, vinyl??? Very relevant info for baby sleeping product?????
What is the depth of the sheet? I am looking for a sheet to fit my 3" deep mattress.
Thoughts on use as a bassinet? Up until now had planned to use this item as a bassinet. I am having 2nd thoughts due to how fluffy the interior is.
What is the difference between this deluxe version on the normal rock and play sleepers from Fisher Price?
the title says "Rock and play", Does it have a vibrate feature or can it rock? From the reviews it just sounds like it's a napping place.
I can't see the accent color well. Is this appropriate for a boy? Is it pink, orange, red?
What is the weight limit
can you buy the cushion seat seperately
How does it clip on to the stroller? Do you think this is worth the money, we live in Texas and the heat is bad during the summer.
Measurements and weight
do u think its worth the money in comparison to other stroller fans that are half this price?
How long will it continuously operate with batteries?
does this work as a mini air-conditioning unit? or is the air that it blows the same temperature as the surrounding air?
Is this fan powerful enough to quickly cool a blazing hot car?
Can these be machine washed?
can a 3 month old use this? will it fit in his mouth?
when they start to thaw will they drip with water?
did it really take 4 to 5 weeks to ship?
Where are they manufactured?
How long do batteries last roughly? thinking about travel use but need to run it all night long for several days...
Can you set duration times like the larger version? 15, 30, 60mins and also continuous on or is it a set time only and if so which one?
Why are these sold in packs of 4? Why would I need 4?
What are the dimensions? The description says "12 x 8.8 x 10 inches" - that can't be right!
How high does the volume go? We have a portable lamb but it isn't loud enough to drown out the environment sounds.
does it continuously play lullaby songs or does it switch from lullaby to white noise?
how many songs are on it? and does it play continuous
You can turn the timer off so it plays continously? How loud is it?
Is this loud enough to drown out noises from our hotel suite? We will put our 2 yr old down for naps but the older kids will be in the other room.
if the head phones stop working can you get replacement parts
can I use these with my IPOD or computer?
I see that you can give access to distant family members to record audio for the baby. How does the audio sync to the Bellybuds? WiFi?
What is the different between the deluxe &amp; original version? Does the cheaper version have the audio splitter ?
How much should I turn the music on my computer? All the way?
can you hook this up to an iphone 5?
When can you hear the heartbeat of the child with this system? We tried another one and it didnt work at all. We are around 12-13wks.
is their a compatible microphone?
what is the pre and post switch for?
Can you record voices to play to the baby with these?
Does it fit to any breast pump?
I bought this bra and I'd like to order the 1" and 2" center panels. Are they free or do I really have to pay $3 for the 1" center panel?
What is the difference between the D Lite Bra and Simple Wishes Hands Free Breastpump Bra other than price?
How easily can you move w/o interupting the your flanges/bottles? Has anybody slung one off?
What is the Size chart?
Has anybody experienced milk leaking out the bottom of their breastshields from improper support?
What is the benefit of the 1"/2" center panels? I notice that this product doesn't come with any but Amazon has one that does so which should I order?
For experienced moms out there, how many of this do you need?
The shield (flange) that I use is a one piece design with the valve attached. Can I push this larger piece thru the slits or are they too small?
Bought this, on the website it says, it includes 2" Center Panel. Is it included for this product? I didn't receive any.
Does one have to remove these adapters when not using the car seat (for example can it be placed once and left there for future use with the car seat?
Will this work for the Phil&amp;Ted Smart Buggy?
Will this also work with the Cybex Aton Q?
Will these adaptors work with Britax baby car seat ?
Does fit the smart lux stroller?
Is this compatible with the Mountain Buggy terrain stroller and the Cybex Aton 2? If not, where can I find the adapter?
I don't understnad...does the carseat safely click in and stay with just these two pieces of plastic? No bar needed?
i have a mountan buggy duet and a maxi cosi car seat... will these work?
Does this phil &amp; teds promenade adapter work with the Cybex Aton 2, the newer US version of the Cybex Aton?
Can it be charged or does it only run on batteries
has anyone attached this to a baby carrier, like a ergo?
How is the battery secured? Via a screw or a push button/latch. I want to prevent a curious toddler from opening it up.
how does it attach?
how long will it cool?
About stroller: is stroller seat attachment to the frame reliable enough? It looks like the back of the seat is attached by only velcro.
Do you sale Car sit for this product?
Does the bassinet come with a mattress or one needs to be purchased separately?
Is the stroller machine washable?
What's the weight?
Do you have an image of what the Britax B Safe car seat should sit on the adapter because both sides don't hook?
Hi there, am I right it includes stroller with wheels and bassinet?
Does it fold down while the bassinet is attached?
1.Till what baby's age can you use this bassinet or regular stroller? 2. Is the basket really small? Can you use it with bassinet? Thanks!
is it parent facing?
Does it fit Britax B Ready car seats?
Does this fit the Britax B-Safe 35?
How do you leave the cover on while putting in and taking out of seat?
Will this fit the Chicco keyfit 30 car seat?
Does it fit Peg Perego car seats?
I would like to know can you take the car seat apart from the stroller when you want to just put him in da car seat without the stroller. Thank you
Does the stroller come with the car seat
What exactly does this come with stroller car seat rain over basskit right cux it seem to good to be true for that price and it from Britax right
does this come with the car seat, bassinet, and stroller or is it all separate?
I would like to make sure that this will include everything that I see pictured here...car seat, bassinet, wind cover and stroller. Please advise.
Does this fit the aton car seat?
For this package, how many connector is included? I know a pair of breast shields is included but just wanna know if its a pair for d connector
I saw a set "Medela Freestyle Breast Pump Replacement Parts Kit with Medium 24 mm Breast Shield " amounted $54.94.What is the difference between them? Only a tubing is missing? Thx.
Does this package come with tubing as well as the breast shields and connectors?
Are the breast shields Personal fit or Soft fit?
How long does it take to flatten out? Does it ever get completely flat? Can I do anything to make it go quicker?
What is this product made of? EVA foam? PVC? Has it been tested for formaldehyde?
What is it made of? Cloth? Is it something you can just wipe with a cloth or do you have to wash it in the washing machine?
what is the dimension?
how thick is the mat? i have a tiled floor (no carpet, not wood)... i am looking for a thick mat to protect my baby's knees.
what are the dimensions?
what are the package dimensions for shipping?
What is the material of this mat? PVC , PU or PE? What is abbreviated to XPE?
Where is this product made from?
We are looking for something to put on our concrete basement floor In the kid's play area. Is this enough cushion to protect baby from falls?
is this product made in the USA or china ?
What's the difference between this one (ASIN:B0099XV1S4) and the other one (ASIN:B00ECQQJ6M)? same size, same thickness (0.6'), same material?
Would you use this to change a baby on your bed? I am looking for something to just lean against the wall and then pop onto the bed
How do you secure this changing pad to your dresser? The strap it came with is for securing the baby to the pad, but what about the pad to the dresser
Our diaper changing dresser is 15.5 inches wide. Has anyone measured the actual width of the peanut to confirm it is 17 inches?
size
Which end does the baby's head go on? I bought this, and one end seems higher than the other.
Is there any way to attach this changing pad to the dresser?
What is this made from?
I just got it. I liked it but I realized scratches on it :(Box seems ok no damaged but changer has lots of scratch marks on edges... What should I do?
Has this changer damaged the top of anyone's dresser/changing table?
The space between the rails on my changing table is exactly 17". Will I be able to fit this changing pad inside of them? The dimensions say it is 17", so is there any "give" to it? Also, the measurements given by customers vary...which one is correct?
Does the strap have a buckle?
Can it be cleaned with bleach / hospital grade disinfectant?
I just purchased the Keekaroo Peanut-- and it smells strongly like paint-- was this the case for anyone else?
Where you attach this on the UppaBaby Vista Stroller? I got one and can't figure it out!
Does it work for coffee?
Will this fit long with the universal parent console? Or can they only be used one at a time?
will this fit the City Versa?
When folding the stroller, does this fold with it or it has to be removed?
Can this be used on the side of the City Mini Double for the child's cup holder. I don't want a tray.
Does this fit the city select double GT?
can you fit two on handle bar?
It doesn't look very portable. Any experiences with transporting it? Does it fold?
Does the seat recline or is it adjustable?
How fast does this swing go through batteries?
What is the maximum weight?
can this be used as a stationary seat/ bouncer as well? thanks
Does this swing, go side to side or front to back?
can you use it with a battery adapter and how long does it swing before auto shut off?
Does this swing vibrate?
Can you recline the seats in two positions?
My daughter was mashing buttons and now the video feed is zoomed in. Zoom isn't even a feature on this unit, how do I turn it off?
Where can I find the wall mount kit for this? I need to mount in top corner of room so I can see baby in crib.. Thanks!
If you are using 2 cameras in 2 different rooms, can you hear both rooms? Or just one at a time?
Does it scan between multiple cameras or do you have to do it manually?
What's the weight capacity?
Are the straps adjustable? In the photos the bassinet seems really low to the ground.
I can't find to what age or weight this bassinet can be used till, did it state how lone in the paperwork?
This hangs from the ceiling ? or is there stand??
is this coming with the veil? why do we have to pay for shiping when this item is a little price!
This bassinet is shown with a hanging veil. Is that included, or do you have to order the veil seperately?
WHERE ARE TH MIRRORS
What is maximum weight limit for this table?
does the pad have a cover on it if not what are measurements
What is the height of the openings for the shelves (so that I know the maximum hight for buying baskets)? Thank you!
How does this color compare to a dark cherry? Looks maybe more black. This one is similar to what I want but unavailable at babiesrus.
Does this mattress pad leave the mattress still firm enough for an infant, in regard to SIDS risk? Or is it too thick/soft for an infant?
Is this pad phthalate and PVC free?
is this made of cotton?
Does this pad fit a Simmons mattress?
Is this made with the nasty fire retardant stuff?
Why does it say made in the USA but origin China?
Can these go in the dryer?
When I use this waterproof pad should I use normal sheet on the top?
How thick is this pad?
How easy is this to clean? What kind of material is the interior of the bag? Thinking spills
Is there a way to wear this crossbody? Does this come with a crossbody strap? Can you attach a genric crossboy strap to this?
Is there a changing pad
I have read in some reviews that this is a great bag, however it slips off the shoulder because of the rounded straps. Is this true?
What is the length of the shoulder drop?
is the material made in China?
How long are the valances for the window? Length / Width?
What kind of material is it?
hello i could indicate the package and measures approx weight, and i buy 2 being sent colombia and i will calculate value of shipment.
Can you shipping the item to malaysia
Does this fit the Britax B-Agile Double?
Will this work with a 2009 duallie?
You say about 20 inch wide, but the specs say 29.5 inch.. Also, can this hold a regular coffee cup or just water bottles?
Does this fit on the CityMini Double Stroller?
Could you please let me know what brand was the replacement you bought?
what is the difference between the two duallie handlebar consoles besides the price? one costs $21.99 and the other costs $22.50
Do the white blades stain if used to cut foods in a tomato based sauce?
where was it made?
Will the ceramic blade break if dropped on tile floor, or hit against something hard, like granite countertop?
This amazing "toy" was a gift to my 2 year old grandson, who LOVES music. But, being 2, he has lost 3 of the instruments. Replacements available?
Is it the same as Target S.B at half the price?
What age group is suggested for this toy?
what is the item model number?
My grandaughter received symphony-b just for christmas, but now it will only play on demo and not with the instruments. Can this be fixed?
Are the lights that go around the area where you place the instruments supposed to light up?
In your opinion, would a 7 y.o. be interested?
Why is this so cheap? is it used or refurbished?
How do these fit the Mucnhkin, as they appear not to habe the plastic ring like the more expensive blue ones?
How long does it take you to go through a roll, on average? Just trying to get a sense for how long we can expect these to last. Thank you!
Do these fit the Ubbi diaper pail?
How many dirty diapers would 1 bag hold?
Someone knows the size of each bag?
Can these be used with Playtex on the go?
Will these work with the playtex on the go dispenser?? The playtex bags are RIDICULOUSLY priced.
Do these bags have handles? I'm wondering about tying...
Is it 72 bags per roll or 72 bags in the whole package? Will each roll fit in my munchkin dispenser or are they bigger rolls than that?
would these fit the diaper geni on the go dispenser?
Where is it made?
Is this diaper bag machine washable or spot clean only?
Does it come with a long strap?
Are the straps for this dark brown bag leather? I have the dark green bag and they are covered in the fabric.
Would this bag work well as a travel cosmetic bag?
Include changing pad?
What kind of material is the outside of the purse? I can't tell if it's waterproof or canvas material.
My 3 year old grand daughter loves to roll around when she sleeps. Does this cot keep a child in the middle and make it hard for them to roll? Thanks
Does this bed supportive enough ?
How big/small is it when it is compacted?
Where can I get replacement sleeping bags for the Regalo My Cot? Potty training isn't going as hoped :)
The pillow that comes with this looks to have some sort of gray and white filling. Makes it look dingy.Just wanted to see if this is normal. Thanks.
Will this cot fit my 8 year old son?
is this full size?
Does the Regalo sleeping bag contain any fire retardants?
Does anyone know the size of the pillow and if it is removable? I would like to purchase or make a themed pillowcase for it. Thanks for your help!
What is the warmth rating on the sleeping bag? Warm enough for camping?
Can this be attached to a dining room chair with cushion that is not removable?
Are there crevices under the pad where food bits can get stuck?
Is this good for toddlers?
What is the distance to the bottom of the tray in the highest position? Can baby sit AT the table WITH the tray on?
Is this chair stable enough to sit on the floor?
Has anyone had problems with this product scratching the chair it is placed upon?
is the chair (plastic portion) white- white or off-white? it appears a little off-white in the photo
I have a border on my walls. will the white multicolor look good on the white door?
Do you still have the Graphite color for sale?
How do I order by color?
Do you ship to San Juan, PR?
Is there a way to select the color of the growth chart?
Do any of the reviewers have a 1+ yr old baby using this with rave reviews? Also, do you have to manually tie each bag? Thx!
can different bags be used other than their brand- I want to use compostable bags?
If you use one bag per change (since the whole idea of this is to eliminate odor) how much does it end up costing per day (for a newborn)?
can this be purchased without the bumpers
Where can I find the two pictures featured on the wall behind the crib? I love the fox and owl, but I can't seem to find it on any websites.
Could you please tell me why the 5 piece Carters Forest Friends Bedding can't be shipped to Australia?
Is the sheet soft?
Which country is this product made in?
Where can I purchase several yards of fabric in the Kids Line Willow Organic?
What color are the flowers within the grass on this set? I can't quite tell from the picture if they are pink or a shade of brown.
does this come with the baby quilt
I live overseas at an APO address and I'd love to buy a lot of these pieces for my little man coming in JAN. Could you make a shipping exception?
Anyone have any idea where I can locate this crib?! I've been looking everyone on here and cannot find it! Does Amazon.com even sell it?
Can you tell me the actual colors in the Willow bedding..mostly concerned what color the green is?
What color is this crib skirt?
is this a four sided or 3 sided crib skirt?
how long is the drop of this crib skirt?
what is the price for the crib skirt only?
How was the fabric on the blanket? Soft, 100% cotton?
Is the colors on the bedding bright?
Do you send this product to argentina?
Did the blanket eventually get softer once you washed it?
I see this can hold two infant car seats, but does the helix frame accommodate two toddler car seats? I'm having twins..
I already have this frame but baby #2 has yet to come - how much of a pain is the assembly/disassembly with a second baby?
Is this strictly the frame or does it come with stroller seats that can be removed?
Is one-handed steering possible with the double helix?
Is it hard to walk behind the helix with a long stride? It looks like the handle is right above the 2nd seat.
Is this double helix stroller frame the G2 or the G3 model?
How much does this entire stroller set weight (including the 2 seats, wheels etc)?
If you have a stroller seat on the back, can you put the seat facing to the side or the back, or only to the front?
If you have 2 toddler seats on this stroller, can they both recline? In their video only the front seat reclines.
what's the different about the G2 frame and the G3 frame
Do I really need this system or can I just buy their 50 ct pouches and use a jumbo syringe to fill them?
Are there any other disposable squeeze pouches that are compatible with this system? The refill pouches are a tad pricey..
Just out of curiosity has anyone found a reusable pouch that works with the station. I know you have screw on the top thingy thought I'd just ask.
This may be a dumb question but what is the difference between this and the Beaba Babycook? Other than $100. Sorry FTM!
Are the bags BPA free?
Has anyone tried the Nourish with Style refill pouches with this filling station?
Will this work with pudding thick purreed food? Or only with thinner liquids?
How long will i use this system for as I think we only give babies purees between 4-6months &amp; i've read you can't put lumpy mixtures in the bags?
Can you pour puree into the bags while it's still hot from cooking?
Does it seal them? Or do you have to still keep them in the refridgerator or freezer?
Why are there 3 sizes? I thought all cribs were standard.
How deep are the sheets? Will they fit a 6 inch deep crib mattress?
Can the scirt be with stripes instead of zig zag?
This includes the polka dot sheet and the chevron skirt?
Can I use this with medela bags?
Can two freezer sleeves stack on top of one another?
Can this freezer sleeve hold other brands like Yummi pouches?
are these reusable or one-time only?
can you reuse the pouches
Are these BPA Free? I don't see that listed anywhere like I usually do on this type of item.
can you freeze the pouches
How many lids come with the 50 pouches????
Can you heat up the pouches for foods with meat in them? i.e. Chicken &amp; butternut squash
Can anyone share their experience using these with yogurt and any yogurt based recipes? Do yogurt based pouches freeze &amp; thaw well?
Do you have problems with these clogging if the food has texture or small chunks like quinoa or steel cut oats?
Do I need to cook the fruit?
What kind of foods have you put in the pouches that can be easily sucked out? Sweet potato was too thick for my LO to suck out.
Are these sterilized and ready to go or do you need to clean them before using?
Where did you find a pillowcase that will fit this pillow?
Is this pillow treated with flame retardant?
How high is this pillow? Is it firm or soft?
How do you wash and dry this pillow? I just received it and want to wash it before my granddaughter uses it.
Does this pillow come with a pillow case?
Love the pillow and buying another one. Are the pillowcases just out of stock on Amazon? or do I need to order direct from the company?
does the pillow keep it's form when it's machine washed?
do you sell the pillow case for this pillow?
What about for an older child, almost 4?
Is there a waterproof pillow case that will fit this pillow? My toddler is potty training and urine can get on the pillow. Thanks!
what age group
What's the age range for this toy? Would it be appropriate for a 3 yr old? 4?
Would this keep a 3 or 4 yr old interested? age range?
will the other wheelies cars go down the track or only the plane?
Would this seat travel to stores easy? I was looking at folding potty seats but I don't think it would work I have a boy so I need a splash guard
Does this fit an oblong toilet seat?
Does it fit standard round toilet seats?
Does this come with a storage hook or anything for when its not in use?
Does this fit an oval-like toliet? Does it wiggle while sitting on it or getting on/off? I'm between this and babybjorn toliet trainer.
What is the dimension of the hole?
Is the surface cold? My baby does not like our Baby Bjorn potty seat because it's too cold for her little buttom.
Will this fit on a BabyBjorn smart potty chair? We need a new seat for ours and can't find one individually.
Anyone have a Toto round toilet seat and able to use this? I have tried multiple seats with no luck.
Anyone using this on a round Toto toilet?
Is it BPA free?
Can you cook chicken and meat also??
can it use 220V ?
I have heard a lot of mold issues with other baby food processors .. Brown deposit etc anybody noticed anything ?
What voltage is it?
is it free of harmful chemicals.... like bpa and such?
Does this have any use other than baby food when my little one isn't so little anymore?
Cuisinart BRM-1000 vs. Sage Spoonfuls system?! Even though it does everything in one, the references to plastic melting (BPA-free) and mold are scary!
can you steam different foods at the same time or only one type at a time?
How to clean water reservoir when we can not see or detach it. How to make sure that it is clean before using it every time.
Are any of the windows/ covers mesh for bugs and air flow or are they all vinyl?
Is the front wheel plastic or rubber? It looks plastic.
Does this actually attach to a bike i dont see photos of it attached to a bike so i was curious if it came with everything to do that?
Does this come with an adapter for infant car seats?
Does it includes the yoga bassinet ?
Hi, I would like to ask the real owners, who actually test drove it, not sellers: guys, is it really all terrain stroller?
How is the under seat storage space? It looks somewhat limited. Also is it possible to get it to work with the Chicco fit 30 car seat?
Is it a good stroller for offroad? (gravel, sand, mud, etc.)
Is the base color of the metal or plastic part of the chair white or cream? I can't tell if it's white or off white. Thank you!
Can the straps be removed for cleaning?
Does the seat recline???
can a year old baby use this chair and then still use it at rwo and three?
How is this for a 6 month (+ 13 days) baby.We have a small place so dont want a chunky high chair. Does this fold easily and open again easily?
how does it convert to a booster seat ?
can they be used in the microwave?
Are the lids microwave safe too?
Do these fit in most standard bottle warmers? Specifically, the Dr. Brown's bottle warmer?
Is this made in China?
are these plastic, or glass?
Does this set come with a spoon as shown in the picture?
Is this glass or plastic?
Do they tip over if I put the baby spoon in them?
Can this be put in a baby warmer? Mine Philip baby warmer.
Can these be used in the Baby Brezza?
Anyone found a solution for the night vision blinking problem? We've had it for six hours and it's already doing it.
Do you have to manually toggle between cameras to see multiple cameras/sound or is there an auto scan feature?
Adding a 2nd camera. Everytime I "pair" the 2nd camera the first becomes "unpaired". You have to manually press the button on the camera to work?
The question was not answered, does this have ability for sound to be turned off and can VOX mode be turned off?
Anyone found a solution for the night vision blinking problem? We've had it for six hours and it's already doing it.
Can this monitor also be used as a motion detector? I would like to be able to turn the sound off and only use a motion alert. (Elderly patient.)
Is there an option to buy an additional camera for this type of baby monitor off Amazon?
does it show the room temperature?
Is there any way to get it so that the temp. and other icons don't show up on the monitor?
range
What size is the mat?
Would you recommend it for a toddler or it is more for an infant?
what is the age on this?
what kind of material is backpack made of?
For a 2 year old, would you recommend the 10" or 12" backpack? Buying for my friend's daughter and not sure which is the better size to get....
will a small lunch box fit inside?
Is this backpack too small for a two year old? (Average size- turns two next month!)
is the backpack easy to clean ?
My main voltage is 240 V 50 Hz. Can the product use this voltage?
do they run on batteries also?
Do both units have a power button to turn on/off when wanted?
Can I use a second receiver unit with the microphone unit? Or are they coming coded from the factory?
Does the nightlight turn off?
What frequency does this operate on? I had other interfering with my WiFi signal.
The description is for "Superyard Colorplay Ultimate Playard," but the picture displayed is a Graco crib. Which one is it?
Is the door hard to open and close?
Can you put 2 playyards together? I have triplets and want to make sure they have enough room when outside!
Does it stay stable outside on the grass?
Will it slip on a hardwood floor? Does it come with any material that will adhere it to the floor?
Can you lock the door from outside?
How many panels can be linked together and still be stable enough? I currently have 10 total (with door), but want to add 2 more. Thanks.
I'm looking for something to keep my granddaughter safe when she visits. She's crawling and pulling up. Is this strong enough for that?
What is package Dimensions? I am planning to take by airplane? Thanks in advance
Will it scratch wood floors?
Does this product have stableizers
Can the baby turn 360 degrees?
How much weight can this support? I mean, how long can we use it? We have an 8th month old. thanks.
Does this product have wheels so you can wheel baby from one room to another if needed?
Is the pillowcase included in the set?
I am looking to get this for my son exactly what does the whole "set" come with?
Does the pillow case fit a standard size pillow or a toddler size?
Will this fit a standard twin size bed?
Can the cup holder be put on either side?
can this car seat face rear ??
Is the cup holder removable?
Does this seat come in the original manufacturer's box? Has it ever been opened?
Does the seat recline at all?
is it for a baby that ways 20 to40 pd.
does this car seat have a top canopy i guess it is called? the thing on the top of all infant or new born car seat
what is the height and weight limit for this car seat?
Can it be used for a 9V pump? Description says not to, might damage the pump?
Does this work with the Symphony pump?
What's the plug size, please? 5.5mm/2.1mm? Thanks!
Does this adapter work with Hygeia breast pumps?
What do you mean by replacement? My pump is earlier than 2008 and it's manual calls for #67153. Is this it?
What age and weight can you use this from?
I will be traveling with my son overseas and wanted to use that on the airplane and throghout our stay, My son will be 2.5 then.is it a good idea?
How about using this device on the airplane?
My daughter is 28.5 pounds but only 2 years 7 months. Can she use this product for our upcoming trip?
Can this product be dry-cleaned? We are having a tough time removing some yucky stuff with just soap and water.
Nowhere do I see age or weight choices on any of the Ride Safer vests? does anyone know at what age or weight these are appropriate?
Can this vest be used for airplane travel?
Does this model (2) come with the headrest and crotch strap, as well as the tether, as pictured?
Has anyone ever used this for their toddler in Asia, specifically in Malaysia? We will be in and out of taxis I'm sure, and I don't want to to travel with my daughter's car seat if possible because it is so heavy and bulky, but her safely is still #1....
Can this be used with a lap belt only? (No shoulder strap)
Does this mattress fit an evenflo baby suite 300?
what is a play yard...does this fit a baby crib
Will this mattress fit a Kashmir ingenuity play yard?
Will this mattress fit a Graco Pack and Play?
Will this fit the Evenflo Portable BabySuite Deluxe Playard?
will this fit in a graco on the go pack n play? it looks like it will be a tight squeeze, but this one is on sale;)
What are the dimensions of the mattress other than the 3" thickness?
What size sheets will fit in this? I bought generic pack and play sheets at Babies 'R Us and they are too small.
Will this fit in a Evenflo Portable BabySuite 300, Marianna ? Thank you.
Do you use the mattress pad that comes with the Graco Travel Lite Crib and put this on top of it or do you just use this mattress to replace it?
Graco Travel Lite Crib's instructions state to NEVER add another mattress in bassinet mode (Step 1) so do you ONLY use this mattress for Steps 2 &amp; 3?
does this mattress fit the graco travel named nyssa
I will be traveling on a plane, does it fold up easily for travel? Will it fit in a large duffel bag...
Does it fit the Graco Travel Lite Crib with Stages perfectly? i'm just wondering if there is space on the sides.
What sheets can I use with this mattress?
Is there a padded protective mattress cover that fits on this mattress?
Is there a padded protective mattress cover that fits on this mattress?
What is this mattress made out of?
Does this make noise when you put baby down on it? I have an older thinner one that makes a very crinkly plasticy sound that sometimes wakes baby up.
Do the bottles look like they are emptying
can the juice zippy cup put into the doll's mouth size 20" doll losts to cuddle babies ( jc toy ) cauasian style big open mouth with 2 teeths ?. how is the bib can do the same too ?
Does anyone know if this set - especially the pacifier - will work with a 16" doll? or is it meant for smaller dolls? Thank you in advance!
Does anyone use this set with the Melissa &amp; Doug 12" Jenna doll? Do the bottle and pacifier fit well or are they for bigger dolls?
Will these items fit the baby alive teacup surprise doll.
Will this set work for a Cabbage Patch newborn baby
Does the bottle make crying and baby noises when you press the end of it?
Will this set work with a 12" Corolle doll?
dose it work on a baby alive
How big is it when folded? We are thinking about buying this car seat because we travel frequently and would like to put it in our carryon bag.
What is the difference between this and the Diono Radian RXT?
Will this fit in a 2007 Toyota Camry Hybrid ?
What type of fabric is more suitable for such a climate as South Florida?
Hello! I am interested in purchasing the Radian R120 (Storm), but am curious as to why it takes 1 to 3 months for shipping. I need it sooner.
Is the latch system a metal snap in or is it straps?
Is this too upright? i.e. If this child falls asleep, will they have the same problem with some other Dionos where their head will be slumped down?
How does this car seat compare to the Radian RXT? I have heard that the wings on the RXT can be problematic so I was drawn to this model.
Is the car seat I actually get an older model? I'm wondering what the expiration date will be.
Would this fit rear-facing in a Honda Civic LX?
Is this FAA approved for airline travel?
will this fit in a car without latch system??
What is the estimated delivery on this car seat? we are needing one in August 2014, will it deliver by then?
Would three of these fit in the back of a 2014 Subaru Forester? With one being rear-facing? Thanks!
Has anyone tried using this as a booster seat? I heard many kids are too tall to use it for a booster.
i am interested this crib set`s box size???and are this set included bumpers,there is no photo(bumper)
Im from bridgeport ct 06605 if i order this item today when will i receive it ?
Did it arrived fast?
is this the cover for the seat or just the blanket to cover the baby.
what color is the reverse side?
I hope there is more good color option
Is this Navy or Black fabric?
How abt. use for yr. old twins? Is it big enuf, and also tall enuf?
can we buy extensions to this? would any playpen extension work? where does one buy extensions
When will baby / toddler outgrow (climb out) of this? I'm thinking about getting for a very mobile almost 1 year old who is into EVERYTHING!!!
Can I use this on wood floor? Do I need any special mat to set it on?
If a two year old, laying on their back, were to constantly kick the panels, what would the results be? (Son is disabled, non verbal, but very strong)
Are there clear suction cups on the bottom for stability? They were on a previously purchased one from 7/14? Thank you.
when we purchased the item we read here that it came with attachments to make it a square. ours didn't come with those attachments. what gives?
how big of a floor mat would I need to buy to cover the inside?
Has anyone used this outside on the grass? If so does it stand up well.
where can i find wall mounts for this?
What is the material composition of the comforter?
does this fit a mini or stadard crib mattress?
Is the dust ruffle brown? I saw someone post theirs came and it was white.
What is the dimension of the quilt?
is the quilt cotton?
is the set 100% cotton?
Does the sheet have elastic all the way around or just on the corners? Thanks!
What are the 7 CD choices?
Would a 7 year old enjoy the Everyday Fun songs or is this more appropriate for younger children?
how do you personalize it?
Is the name Parker and Paisley available?
Can you add the name Tyson to the songs
I have nieces with crazy names. I'm worried they wont be able to find them. Lilith &amp; London available??
My grandchild has a Japanese name. Are all names included in the 13,000 American?
Hi, can you confirm you have Maile (prounounced mai - le, similary to miley)? Thanks!
is the name Judy avilable ??
Can you make more than one copy from each kit? Can you change the name?
Is it removable, without hurting the wall?
Could I get this in a smaller size possibly?
I am trying to use the same paint color I have in my kitchen. With the material of the decal/sticker, would I be able to paint the decal?
Is it possible to do this wall art in a chocolate brown?
http://www.amazon.com/Innovative-Sten... is this dark or nut brown?
Will it stick on textured wall?
"Default color is MATTE BLACK - contact us after purchase to change color" What does this involve? Has anyone 'changed" the color?
I seen someone had it come off her walls in 12 hours, has anyone else had this problem, will it go on painted paneling?
how do i install it?
how do i install it?
Does it work on Bumbleride Indie?
Does it work with the Britax B Agile stroller? This stroller has the handle to collapse in the middle on the seat.
Does it work with the BOB Motion stroller?
what is the pattern/color of the reversible side
Does it work with city mini GT?
I live in Florida. It seems to only come in Black. Is it breathable? How hot will baby get in it...?
Will this fit a BOB stroller?
Does it fit for Chicco Cortina stroller?
does it work with Uppababy Vista?
Is this washable?
Does this work with umbrella strollers? Will I need to remove it to fold the umbrella stroller or do umbrella stollers close just fine with it?
Does this fit the Baby Jogger City Select stroller?
is this stroller good for a 3-4 month old
Do you think it would accommodate a 5-year old child? We are going to Disney and need our ~40lb child to rest on and off.
Did this come with an umbrella? The description says umbrella, the pictures don't show an umbrella and there are similar strollers with umbrellas but they all cost a little bit more. So Did this come with an umbrella like the description suggests?
What is the minimum size and weight for a baby for this stroller?
Does it really weigh 1lb?
Would this work with a arms reach co-sleeper?
Does the unit create a problematic bump in the mattress or is it not an issue? I know a few reviewers mentioned this, but I'd like to see some other opinions as well. Thank you!
What are the measurements?
How long do the batteries last?
Has anyone tried this on an older baby (around 1 year old) that wakes frequently?
We just bought this and use it 3-4 times per day have changed out the batteries every two days so far. Any recommendations to make it last longer?
Will this somehow work on a pack and play?
Will this somehow work on a pack and play?
How long does it vibrate?
Can the timer function be turned off so the night light stays on for extended periods of time?
Our automatic shutoff isn't working. Tonight is the first night we're using it, and it's been on continuously for 3 hours. Has anyone else had this?
My toddler likes a light on to read by. Is this bright enough for her to view her books while in bed?
Since it's 100% battery operated, how long between battery changes when used every night? I don't want to start going through batteries like crazy.
Does anyone know if the handle is large enough to fit over a standard doorknob? I am hoping to hang this on my son's door. Thanks!
does this make a click sound when turned on and off? I need it for nursing in the night and don't want to wake baby with a click.
Does this give off enough light for an older child to read a book with it?
Is this yellow light, not white?
Can this night light be left on continuously?
Does it light up the room too much? I'm afraid it will be too bright for baby to fall asleep. We have a small nursery.
Does it work like a motion sensor and does it only light up when someone walks by the light? I am looking for a sensor
Is the picture of the lit product accurate? It puts out a warm(ish) white light?
How much light does it need to turn on? If it is away from a window and next to a book case, will it be on all day?
The product info says it's 7.6 inches tall. That's hard to believe from the picture. Is it really that tall?
What is the wattage shown on the package?
Does this light automatically turn on at night and turn off during the day or when there is other light in the room?
Is there a trick to it? I put both lamps that I had purchased in the outlet and none of them works...
If I plug into top, can I still plugin grounded plug below?
hi, it works at 220v?
Does the camera have to be plugged in, or can it run on batteries?
Is it wall mountable?
Can this product be completely on silent with just the sound indicator lights activating when there is noise? (ie. green yellow red)
Can you turn the screen off and still hear sounds coming through? I don't want the screen to turn on every time it hears a noise at night.
Can the angle of the camera be controlled remotely from the monitor device?
does it have a zoom and can it automatically pan and tilt?
Can you connect multiple monitors to one camera?
Does this monitor run on a 2.4ghz frequency?
does this product have a room temperature option?
Does everyone's parent unit have a green light that blinks constantly when in PEEP mode? It's annoying at night!
Can this be used on dirt roads?
So, trails are out of the question with this stroller?
I have just purchased this stroller due to the great reviews. Can someone please provide a link for a car seat &amp; adaptor that is completely compatible
Would anyone recommend this stroller for a tall 18month old? My daughter is already 32 inches and 25 lbs. I'd like one that she won't outgrow soon?
How easy is it to take this stroller on an airplane? How compact is it for the car?
Can this jog on sidewalks and work from infant to toddler? Is there a need for a bulky jogger/travel system (like Graco) too? I only want 1 stroller.
Does its adepter fits Mico ap infant car seat?
Does the seat reverse?
Is there sufficient storage space? Can you attach a cup holder?
if my son falls asleep can you fold down the seat?
Does this mattress have an untreated wood board in it and also glue? Any toxins leaking from this mattress?
How thick is this pad?
Is this a mattress or a mattress pad? I am getting mixed messages.
Does this pad fit the clear-vue mini sleeper? I'm worried because the word "mini" isn't in this description. Thank you!!
How does this differ from the Arms Reach Concepts Inc. Mini Organic Mattress? My father is building me a cosleeper, can I use this as the mattress?
Can anyone tell me what kind of fabric the fitted sheet is made from? Thanks
Does this set go good with black furniture?
whats the size of the sheet?
Will this bedding fit a toddler bed?
Is the blanket made of 100% cotton?
What are the dimensions of the blanket?
Is the pad removable/machine washable?
Would this fit in a big suitcase for flying?
Does this come with an AC Adapter so you can plug it in or is it battery operated only
Does it work for a newborn? Is there an infant insert?
Is there a locking mechanism to prevent the swing from moving so that it can be used as a seat?
I want to know if have calming vibrating and music. Thanks
What is the weight limit?
Does this burn through batteries fast? How often do you use it and how often have you had to change the batteries?
I want to know if have calming vibrating and music. Thanks
Will this fit in a Corolla?
Does this car seat meet the European safety requirements? Does it have the ECE 44.03 or ECE 44.04 label somewhere on it?
Does anyone with this seat have a small car (I have a 2door hyundai accent)? I am researching between this seat, the peg perego convertible, and the chicco next fit. I don't have the option to get a new car right now so i have to make it work with one...
what is the shipping size?
why is the blue one and red one different in weight? Are they both detachable?
What was the manufacture date? I see there is a 'newer' one also listed by Amazon for $50 more.
no come with caae seat base?
We have had our Maxi-Cosi pria 70 for a year and find it impossible to tighten the straps when strapping in our daughter, does anyone else have this i
Does the maxi cosi come with the base
I received this seat today and the color isn't even close to what is pictured. Is this true for anyone else?
Does baby sweat or get hot in this car seat compared to other car seats you've owned?
Is there a stroller that I can lock the car seat into?
In the forward facing position, does this seat have any recline options?
Does this Pria 70 recline? 5 positions? Thanks
Hi, We have a Honda Fit - will it fit in our car?
Some carseat covers are advertised as hand wash only. Can you put this cover IN the washing machine? Thanks for your help!
Does Pria 70 Car Seat snap onto a stroller system? I currently have Maxi Cosi Mico car seat which (with adapters) snaps on our UppaBaby stroller base.
Are the wings on either side of the head just pillows or do they have some solid structure inside?
How old the child can use the seat?
can i ues the isofix connected this maxi cosi pria 70
how long is this?
Is this monkey hooded towel 100% cotten +?
What are the dimensions of the towel?
What ages is this for?
Measures of the towel!!!!&gt;????
my daughters chest is 17 inch around will this even fit her???
Would this work for an average sized one year old who walks well?
can the front strap strangle/choke a child in any way???
Is the backpack big enough to hold a coloring book?
Will the skip hop zoo lunch box fit inside this backpack?
How long is the tether?
How long is the tether?
Can this double as a lunch bag for a preschooler?
Would the tether be better at the top to catch the toddlers when they fall?
how old of a child does this fit?
Will this be too big for a 14 months old? Not a big baby, only 22 lbs. Thanks!
My son is six and has Down syndrome. He is a runner...would this fit him? He is 48" tall and weighs 48 lbs.
Will this backpack hold an ipad?
Do they have an adult version? My wife sometimes wanders off.
what are the dimensions of the backpack itself? L x W x H
How wide is the opening to the pocket? Wondering if this will fit a tablet inside.
In the description, it shows' made in USA', but in the end list shows 'origin: Thailand', which country it comes from exactly?
Does it make in USA or Thailand ?
Is there any other bottles that this pump will fit with? Or Which liners can you pump into with this?
Which glass Avent bottles fit this pump?
Does it come with a cap?
is there just one sized flange or are there different sized flanges for this like electric pumps?
Mine was very quiet at the beginning, but after a few washes it now makes a noise when I use it (like a "quak"), anyone else has the same problem?
Can this punp fit born free feeding bottle?
Does it come with different flange sizes for bigger nipples?
Is this compatible with the Medela Breast Milk Collection and Storage Bottles?
How high is the seat back? Does the head bumper come off? I have a tall 4 year old.
I mean shipping size. Thanks!
Does it have a carry strap?
Why your code strollers 56-410-CM-024 does not match the code in Europe 46-410-CM-024? It's different strollers? This defective goods?
What version is this one? Is it compatible with both 110v and 220V power?
Can the tommee tippee bottles be used with this pump?
Why was this breast pump discontinued?
What contains in the box?
Do you have to use avent bottles with this? Or can I use the Tommee Tippee ones I have and/or milk bags?
I'm gonna back to my country and I don't need to use it on the plane. So could I put them in the luggage which suppose to check?
What's the voltage of this product? I am in China, our voltage was 220V, can I use it directly? Thanks.
you say it works with 220v so do I need a plug adaptor?
What's the difference between this model and SCF332/11?
Will it work in Cyprus? The power is 220 there
Is avent breast pump open or closed system?
What kind of freezer bags work with this pump?
Can you use only one of the pumps at one time or do you have to use both of them always?
Is this model BPA free? It doesn't say in the title or description of the product.
guys i still get replies that this pump can be used at any country without adapters while others say i should get an adapter for 220 V can you assist
Is the 2-year warranty applicable internationally?
1. Can this one used by 220V? 2. Can this one use batteries when there's no power supply outdoors? 3. Is this one much better than the single one?
Could you please confirm whether this electric device would be able to apply in Thailand where electronics power is 220 volt? Thank you so much in adv
Hi All, the information that Amazon has on the website says that this pump is "Made in U.S.A or imported." Which is the case, where is this made?
does this come with battery pack? i travel a lot so it would be a bonus if this can be operated with batteries/
what are the dimensions
Is 7" the depth (front to back) or the height (bottom to top)? There are so many places that give different answers to this question!
What are the dimensions?
Can you plug this machine in or does it need batteries? Thanks
Can this machine play without going off at 60 minutes? I want a machine that will keep playing. Thanks
How loud is the machine? Will the noise level be able to replace a high-powered fan that we are currently using? Thanks!
Does it came with AC adapter? It's 110-220V?
Is this dual voltage: 110-240 V or 110 V only? Please check on plug. thank you!
Can you plug your iphone or ipod into it to play music?
Are any of the white noise sounds the SHHHHH or shush sound? Like a person repeatedly saying Shhhhh, taking a breath and starting over?
Does this machine have a wave or ocean or rainlike sound?
Does this machine also play "heartbeat?"
what are the dimensions?
Does it have handels
Does this stool slide at all when stepped on?
Does it have handles or finger grips?
Is there any problem with tipping over? Saw another stool and first review was about how it tipped over easily. Don't want that.
Is it going to be tall enough for a 2.5 year old?
Is the base of the stool at all sharp? I see the rubber "toes" near the bottom, but I'm curious about the actual under side of the stool.
Can anyone share their experience on wood cabinets? Does the stool cause any damage?
Is it PVC-free, BPA-free plastic?
What is the height?
Are the straps black or grey?
Can you take the straps/buckles completely off for cleaning?
Would you feel comfortable using on a bench? We have benches, not chairs, at our dining table. This will be for a 20 month old.
How high of a "boost" does the child get?
What is the height of the front? I'm trying to figure out if it will fit under my table. Thanks
does anyone have problems cleaning the straps since they cannot be removed? my boy is a very messy eater !
Height of booster? I need a low one, my child's legs can't fit under the table with most other boosters.
Will this fit the backless bottom portion of the Graco TurboBooster seat? I see some say it will work with the Affix, but wanted to check.
This bag looks large. Could I fit two Evenflo Amp backless booster seats in this, nestled side-by-side?
Would this bag fit a high back booster with the back removed? Both pieces? i see other reviewers say it has extra room.
Will this fit a Diono Santa Fe backless booster?
Will this fit the graco affix backless booster? I don't see a spot on your chart for this bag.
Can you warm frozen breast milk storage bags with this
Does this warmer work with Avent natural glass bottles?
I don't understand the 4 (2x) directions. Can't I just fill it to 8. Perhaps I fill it to 4 and heat it two times.
I saw somewhere that this unit runs on batteries as well. Is that true?
Is the timer silent when it is done? I need to have it at work.
Can the Pura Kiki bottles stainless steel -look to be a bit wide - be used? Didn't know if the bottle material made a difference
Would you recommend this or something else?We're using a Medela pump &amp; not sure on bottle type yet. We're having twins so any suggestions...
Will this fit a wide bottle such as Tommie tippee or avent natural?
Can I use it with 220v outlet?
Does this work on 230 voltage input?
Is it worth the extra money over the standard Travelmate?
Has anyone ever used this with a Diono Radian?
Will this fitthe Britax B Safe?
Do you need to order separate straps for using with a toddler carseat? We have one of the large Britax models. Thanks.
will it work with the uppababy mesa infant car seat?
How does this compare to the Lilly Gold Zoomer?
Can I wheel it down an airplane (Airbus A321) aisle? I have a Britax Pavilion &amp; I'm worried about having to carry both down the aisle.
Has anyone used this with the Britax Boulevard 70?
Do I need to order an adapter to fit my Chicco Key Fit? On the go go baby website it reads that I do but it can only be purchased directly from them.
What is the height of the handle when it's fully extended? From the photos it looks like you'd have to bend over to push it.
Does this come with the tummy time pillow?
What are the music settings?
What are the motion activated features? Kick pad only?
Will this fit into a pack n play? I'd like to keep baby up off the ground since we have dogs running around!
What are the songs that it plays. My kid loves this to no end but I would like to know the songs that are playing in my house 24/7.
Hello, What is the shipping box size? Best regards, Rufat Ibragimzadeh
Hello, What is the shipping box size? Best regards, Rufat Ibragimzadeh
How does this seat compare to the baby born, as far as stability, seat height/width, back rest height and ease of use?
Are there any issues with discoloration of white color overtime?
Does the whole section where I see the line in the picture come out for disposing into toilet? Is it easy to dump without making mess?
The product page states that the country of origin for this product is the USA. Is this information accurate?
Does this Summer Infant Lil'Loo Potty have rubber 'feet' to stop it moving. Would it move on smooth wood floors or scratch the floor?
What kind of disposable liners fit with this potty?
How did this work for girls with the big splash guard in front?
Is this potty larger than a standard one? Our son is a big boy and the other's did not fit him comfortably.
How many inches is it from floor to seat?
Will this potty leave marks on the child's bottom? I have a small cheap one which leaves red, painful marks after 5 min or so
does monitor haVE AUDIO CAPABILITIES
can the camera be mounted to a wall?
What is the range? How far can the camera be from the monitor and still get a quality picture?
what kind of warranty does it have ?
Is it U/L approved?
hello , I have a question. does it work through walls. ? and how about through several walls ?? thanks ! mike
Hello, I would like to know the voltage input of the product; if it can take 220 V for South America or it only stands 110 V. Thanks!!
Can this system monitor sound from 2 different rooms at the same time if you have 2 cameras? Or is it just to be used for different angles in one room?
Good afternoon, I have a question, is it electric?
Does this monitor have a "pan" option?
Does this model have the option to roll up the clear vinyl panel and just use the mesh screen when strolling?
When used as a stroller does it fit through a normal doorway?
Is there any suspension?
I need to know the size of the box?
Is the bottom waterproof? I.e. will water seep in if the ground is wet or slushy? (it does on my Burley)
Can this be converted from trailer to stroller on the go? If I ride a bike to the market is there storage on the trailer to hold the tire and handle?
Also, does the front wheel swivel?
How do we get your email for the customized pillow after the purchase?
Is this light pink? I can't tell from pictures. Don't want hot pink!
what are the thirteen pieces that are included?
does the crib mobile come in 13 piece set
does the bumper pad comes with the 13 piece set
Where can I find the email to contact the seller to let them know what name I want on the decorative pillow?
Can you use it without the base?
does this car seat recline without having to move the base?
Is there a sun shade, similar to the "Summer Infant - Car Seat RayShade", that will fit the Pavilion and block the sun from the side and rear windows?
Has anybody bought this since Dec 2013? If so, what's the manufacture date of yours? That's the month it was retired, and I'm wondering what the manufacture date is of the ones they've been selling since then.
When was this car seat manufactured-year and date PLEASE?
will this fit comfortably in the prius v?
can this chair use by new born baby?
How ideal is this seat for a tall child with long legs?
My chest pads have recently broken after having this carseat for less than 2 years.Is there any possible way to replace the chest pads this carseat?
what's the difference between the color onyx and the color anna? Why the weight of onyx is 21.6 pounds, but the anna is 25 pounds?
Does it have isofix&#129;H
When was this seat manufactured? The recent recall on this seat included seats manufactured through August 31, 2012. Was this seat manufactured after?
What is the max height? If anyone knows it, I would really like to know the max height rear facing and max height forward facing. Thanks!
does it fit into a civic
I just bought this car seat, I plan to use it rear facing in a 2012 Honda CRV. Is the top tether easy to use rear facing?, I find the instructions a bit confusing, I have not started to install yet, just reading the manual first. Any comments?
When do you usually remove infant body pillow?
What is the difference between the boulevard and marathon from britax
Does this carseat come with the base as well or do you need to purchase that separately?
Does this recline at all?
Are 4 -6 yrs still comfortable in this seat?
I was trying to get my son fitted to the seat before installing it when I discovered the chest plate won't stay latched.
Does it support ISOFIX system?
Is the cover machine washable?
Hi, how old can the kid sit on car seat? I know it's rated 70 pounds, but would like to know your experience. My son is 3 years old and 35 pounds.
I'm also concerned with the shade of blue/green on the serene print.
Is it difficult to securely adjust the harness straps in the rearfacing position? I'm asking for an 11 month old baby. Thanks.
Can you install in center seat?
Does anyone use this for an older child? I read that the short height of the seat might limit its longevity as the child gets taller.
Can you fit 2 of these seats in the back of an SUV?
Did anyone use this for a newborn and skip the infant car seat? I will have a bassinet/stroller/pram so won't really need a carrier.
What color is the serene car seat? It is hard to tell from the swatch
Is the serene teal or blue? It looks teal until you magnify the swatch, then is looks more blue. Wondering if it's too girly for my son....
Is the material plush or more like polyester? We live in AZ where the summer is very hot and want to know about the material?
Can you rear-face this in a Jetta and still be comfortable in the front two seats? Would it block the driver's blind spot?
From what age can this be used from?
What is the date of manufacture?
Im trying to loosen the straps near the shoulders and make it longer i see the the strap loose in the back but the Y joint prevents it to make longer
I bought this car seat on amazon, its been less than 6 months and the plastic around the shoulder strap broke, where can I get these?
Does this have cup holder(s)?
Looks like Lhis one was retired 12/2013. Any way to find out when they were manufactured since they have an expiration date?
how do you completely loosen the straps? cannot get my 2 year old without a good workout
Our son's head keeps flopping forward. Is there a solution? Is this common? We didn't feel safe driving like that. :(
Does this seat fit in an airplane seat?
Where can we purchase extra bases for this car seat?
Has anyone installed this in a smaller auto? I have a 4 door jeep wrangler so am a bit limited on space in the back seat.
What are the date of manufacture and expiration date? I want to make sure I am getting the full 7 years' worth of use.
How deep is the actual seat where baby bottom goes? Trying to figure out leg space.
does this seat have ISOFIX insert device on its base?
Does the infant body pillow come with it? Or is it separate?
Has anyone installed this in a smaller auto? I have a 4 door jeep wrangler so am a bit limited on space in the back seat.
Has anyone used this car seat for a new born, 6 lbs or so in weight? Thank you!
Is it normal for cracking to appear on the HUGS chest pad? I've only had mine a couple of months, but there are already 3 small cracks on the rubber!
My child is over 12 mo old and more than 20 lbs. Do I need to purchase longer shoulder straps, as many reviews complain about the straps being tight.
My child is 8 1/2 months and she has no leg room in the seat when I installed this car sect rear-facing. Can you let me know how I can resolve this?
What is the max height? If anyone knows it, I would really like to know the max height rear facing and max height forward facing. Thanks!
does it fit into a civic
I just bought this car seat, I plan to use it rear facing in a 2012 Honda CRV. Is the top tether easy to use rear facing?, I find the instructions a bit confusing, I have not started to install yet, just reading the manual first. Any comments?
When do you usually remove infant body pillow?
What is the difference between the boulevard and marathon from britax
Does this carseat come with the base as well or do you need to purchase that separately?
Does this recline at all?
Are 4 -6 yrs still comfortable in this seat?
I was trying to get my son fitted to the seat before installing it when I discovered the chest plate won't stay latched.
Does it support ISOFIX system?
Does Britax Advocate 70-G3 Convertible Car Seat fit in small sedans, like Elantra?
Is the Britax Advocate 70-G3 Convertible Car Seat Seat suitable for new born baby?
which one is better for 70-G3 baby?Britax Marathon or Advocate?
Has Britax yet eliminated hazardous flame retardants from its car seats? The company had promised to do so by the end of 2012.
Can you adjust the recliner on the fly? For example, can I reach back and recline the seat after my kid fall asleep?
Can the children undo the chest clip?
Does this seat recline? If so, to what degree?
is the material hot to sit in
Does anyone else find that the velcro on the straps scratches their child's arm/hands when strapped in? Any suggestions if so?
Anyone else find it unbelievably hard to pull these straps tight once kid in seat (it keeps clicking but straps are loose? Use all my strength!
What is the max height? If anyone knows it, I would really like to know the max height rear facing and max height forward facing. Thanks!
does it fit into a civic
I just bought this car seat, I plan to use it rear facing in a 2012 Honda CRV. Is the top tether easy to use rear facing?, I find the instructions a bit confusing, I have not started to install yet, just reading the manual first. Any comments?
When do you usually remove infant body pillow?
What is the difference between the boulevard and marathon from britax
Does this carseat come with the base as well or do you need to purchase that separately?
Does this recline at all?
Are 4 -6 yrs still comfortable in this seat?
I was trying to get my son fitted to the seat before installing it when I discovered the chest plate won't stay latched.
Does it support ISOFIX system?
Can this seat recline when rear facing or is that only a feature when forward facing?
What is the manufacture date on this car seat?
what is the different 70-G3 and G4?
Is this seat easy to install? We are traveling abroad and want to bring a car seat with us. Will be using in taxis, so quick installation is a must.
What is the material like in this car seat? Does it seem like it would breathe ok,looking for something that wouldn't make him hot or sweaty.
If we need you send it from USA to China, how much the shipping cost?
Is this good for use inside the air craft ?
Some car seats have a max height, I was wondering if this car seat did as well?
What's the package size and I want to take it ti out of USA by airplain?
can use this for new born baby?
How many recline positions does it have in rear facing? and also, can it be reclined when baby is already in seat?
Do the foam panels for the side impact protection block a child's side view? They seem bulky.
Has anyone used the Britax Pavilion 70-G3 for a newborn? I don't see a carry bar like the infant carries so I'm interested to know how you carried the car seat from the car to your house, grocery store etc. Thank you in advance.
LATCH system?
Will this car seat fit in a VW Beetle 2012?
airplane
I feel like I must be doing something wrong. My 8 month old twins cry every time I put them in/take them out. I have to dig the straps from behind their backs and pull them over their shoulders each time. Should I be loosening the straps each they get...
I have a 2004 VW Passat (Wagon). Does this seat fit in rear-facing position?
Can you remove the HUGS pads because they are annoying? I know you can remove them, but is it still safe?
Did anyone use this for newborn baby?
Im trying to loosen the straps near the shoulders and make it longer i see the the strap loose in the back but the Y joint prevents it to make longer
I bought this car seat on amazon, its been less than 6 months and the plastic around the shoulder strap broke, where can I get these?
Does this have cup holder(s)?
Looks like Lhis one was retired 12/2013. Any way to find out when they were manufactured since they have an expiration date?
how do you completely loosen the straps? cannot get my 2 year old without a good workout
Our son's head keeps flopping forward. Is there a solution? Is this common? We didn't feel safe driving like that. :(
Does this seat fit in an airplane seat?
Where can we purchase extra bases for this car seat?
Is the blender glass or plastic?
My 11 month old baby is transitioning to eating finger foods..would this be useful?
Where are the product manufactured?
Does it automatically switch off after steaming?
Do I need to buy a container for defrosting and heating up baby food? If so, which one?
Are there any differences between different colors in function&#xFF1F;
Help! when I press the steam button the light doesnt stay on shuts off after 2 seconds.
Which containers do you use for freezing?
Is this product dual voltage?
Can this mill grains (like rice or oats) for making baby cereal?
Is high chair counter height - 25" tall and is there a weight limit listed?
my only concern is tipping...thoughts on the sturdiness of the product? My daughter is 8 months and hyper so I dont know if it could tip over?
Can you remove the seat so as to wash it in the washing machine?
In some of the "comments" two complaints are the tray slopes downward and the food ends up in baby's lap, and it is hard to get baby out. True??
what is the maximum weight of child
Will it be available in any other colors?
Will the high chair counter height - 25" tall and is there a weight limit listed?
Are there shoulder and mid section straps?
The leg openings look a little strange...any complaints?
Does this product have vibration control? It states it does, but the pictures provided gives mix messages.
Does anyone know how tall it is or how far off the ground?
Was it very difficult to transition from this to a crib? Thinking about getting it for our 3rd, concerned about transition causing sleeping issues.
Does this now have vibration? One picture shows it, but the rest do not.
Is the part behind where the baby's head goes soft enough? I have read some reviews saying it's hard. Would the snuggabunny one be better?
Do you use this at night too? Or just for short naps during the day?
What sort of item can you place under the baby to protect the fabric when the diapers leak?
What is the maximum weight allowed?
What is the maximum weight it can hold?
How do I take apart the sleeper?
Will this product rock on a thick carpet or is the auto rocker necessary?
How does this item compare to Fisher Price Deluxe Newborn Vibrating Rock n&rsquo; Play Sleeper, which is listed as the "newer" model and is less expensive?
Does the bed of this sleeper have hard plastic?
What colors are the snugabunny.? not finding out the sex of my baby so I need something neutral..
Can it be used without the padded headrest part? Is it detachable? Some other models don't include it.
can you replace cover
How much floor space is required to use the rock n play?
How do I clean the fuzzy part?
Can someone please tell me what the difference between the rock n play and the rock n play DELUXE is??
What do you recommend between the Fisher-Price yellow Newborn Rock'n Play Sleeper or the Fisher Price Deluxe bunny Rock'n Play sleeper?
until what age can this rocker be used? is 3 - 6 months too big for this device?
Up to what weight is this good for?
My Samsung SEW3037W is always out of range, even if I turn it on next to the camera. What's the problem?
Ive owned it since december and now today the camera keeps flashing from night light to no light. How do I fix it???
How is the picture at night on the parent unit? I just bought the Motorola &amp; it's awful, not clear at all. Is the Samsung better?
Does the camera have a temperature sensor? (This model has come up in other searches saying it does have it but it doesn't specify).
Can a second camera be purchased for this unit? I see it is expandable but I need two cameras before May (when my second child arrives).
Would it be possible to use this unit oversea, where the. Electricity is 230 volt?
Has the extra camera been released yet? Thnx!
Is the camera able to be mounted on a wall?
i am due in june will any upgrades to samsung 3037 be made before then? thanks
Can I view my baby from a cell phone?
Can someone please describe the green and orange colors? Is it a forest green and burnt orange or are they brighter?
Would this seat be tall enough for a child who is 37 inches and some growing room?
What kind of air pump do I need to buy? We just received the stroller with no air in the tires
I can't seem to find a carseat adapter for this on amazon??? Anyone have recommendations? I plan to get a Chicco Keyfit
Is there a way to use this with the Britax B Safe infant carseat? I have not found a conversion kit that is made especially for this combination.
Is it good in the snow?
Anyone on the shorter side using this stroller for running? At 5'1'' I'm concerned the non-adjustable handle will be too high.
Anyone that is tall have this stroller? I am worried at 6 feet that the handlebar may be too low.
Can the seat be adjusted so the child sits completely upright - no incline? My child hates to lean back at all.
What are the differences in to 2013 and 2014 models besides price?
i have a 1 year old and another on the way, is this ok for a new born
I have a tall almost 3 year old. He is about 3.5 feet tall. Will this stroller fit him comfortably?
I saw a video of the Baby Jogger Summit X3 "SINGLE" stroller and it has a one-step patented fold up feature. Does DOUBLE also have this feature?
I have a 16 pound 3 month old, what do I need for him to ride? Thanks and can't wait to get back into shape!
I have 3 kids and I'm wondering if there would be room for my 3rd to "perch" on the front if he gets tired walking? Just for short distances...
Does the handlebar adjust like it does on the gt?
How well does the fabric footrest hold up under kids climbing in and out all the time? My kids wouldn't go "around" it to avoid putting weight on it.
How well does this fold up to fit in a van?
I have a 20 month old and an almost 3 month old. I want to use this for walking and eventually for jogging. What about a car seat adaptor?
In the picture it looks like there isn't very much room on the foot rest, is this a problem for anyone?
Is this stroller easy to use with the chicco keyfit infant car seat?
does it have adjustible handle
The peek-a-boo windows are they are plastic or mesh design?
Is this recommended as an every day stroller in addition to being a jogging stroller?
Hi i've bought this and when running, With the front wheel in locked position, the waggon turnes slightly Right the whole time. How to fix this?
Can I use BOB car seat with this stroller?
Is the green color different between the 2013 and 2014 models? It looks slightly darker in the 2013 model, but I'm wondering if this is the picture.
Does it have an MP3 player plug-in?
Does the front wheel lock forward(wheel sticks out) or back(wheel's tucked under the stroller)?
Is this the 2013 model? Can it be fitted to the BJ Compact Newborn Pram? Thanks
Help! What's max height in inches a child be to sit without head losing support? Seats independent? Thnx!
Can someone answer whether the seats on this one will allow the kids to sit up if they wanted to compare to the City Mini Double or GT Double? Some articles says that joggers typically recline more than normal strollers so I want to confirm if kids can...
What is the gross weight?
Can you put the infant seat attachment on this stroller?
is green color different from 2014?
What is the difference between this prior model and a new model?
Is this a 2013 or 2014 model?
Does this fit through standard doorways? How is it in shopping aisles?
Is this a 2013 or 2014?
I have am almost 4 year old who is about 41" tall. I am wondering if the foot rest has enough room for my older child to rest them there comfortably?
Is this the 2013 model? Can anyone tell me the difference between the 2013 and 2014 models?
what color orange is it? same as a fruit? More rust than the fruit?
Can a toddler sit on the foot area if there is a baby in the stroller? Obviously not for going for a walk. I see people doing this w the Bob.
Why does it not state handle height, isnt that the most important detail, for comfort in jogging? Is it adjustable, what if taller than 6'2?
I am wondering about the shade of orange? Is it more red or brown?
does it have a lever on the side of the stroller to control lock or unlock front wheel.
Does it come with a car seat adaptor? or Can a car seat adaptor be purchased seperatley?
does the tire need air pumped into it?
Is there a child tray that is compatible with this stroller?
What is the universal accessory mounting bracket mentioned in the description? Where is it located on the stroller?
I am interested in purchasing this jogging stroller and have a Chicco KeyFit carseat. It does appear to be compatible but I have read on the adapter that the "new range" strollers that have the zip-away fabric are not compatible with the universal...
Why is it stated Max weight rec: 77 Pounds when on their official website is: Maximum load 25kg / 55lb
What's the difference between the 2013 version and prior version? Thanks.
Is this stroller suitable for infants the way it is? or do I need to use the car seat/carrycot
Do you sell the carrycot compatible with the Terrain stroller?
Which year's model is this stroller?
Can the folded stroller fit into the trunk of a regular compact car? I have a Toyota Corolla.
Has anyone ever taken this to the beach and pushed it ON (in?) the sand?? Curious how well i works in sand. Thanks.
does the front wheel have any wobble/shake when running (running, not jogging)?
Has anyone used this with an infant car seat? What car seat did you use?
Do you attach the hose to a sink or a shower?
How long is the sprayer hose line?
does it leak like the reviews i've read on the other brands?
Do you have to turn the water supply off after using every tiem?( some of the manufacturers recommend this)
Does this have various pressure settings like the BumGenius sprayer?
Has anyone else had problems with the toilet tank filling up extremely slowly and very low sprayer pressure after you install this?
I don't use cloth diapers, but can you use this to clean baby's butt? or is it too strong?
Will this work with a laundry sink?
after attaching the hose to my toilet, I cannot get my toilet water to stop running. Is there a way to stop this?
My hi-rise apt bldg has commercial-like toilets (without tank + std. residential plumbing) - how do I connect? Can I connect to sink H2O just 2' away?
is the car seat adapter sold separately and is it adaptable to other car seats besides the combi ones ?
is the car seat included?
WEighing in at 29lbs, it is considered heavy? When I have to collapse the stroller to board the bus, is it considered heavy for mothers to carry up?
If your baby falls asleep in the bassinet, can you lift it off the stroller (easily enough not to wake the baby) and set it inside, on the floor?
When is bassinet mode can the baby face you ? In the pictures shown on here the baby is facing outwards not the mom.Please help
Is the Graco SnugRide Classic connect 30 compatible with the adapter? And is the adapter included with stroller purchase?
I'm interested in the one that's all black, including the bassinet (not the gray and black one). Is that the graphite or the black?
what is the front bar covered in? Just foam that can be chewed off? I have a teething baby that chews everything.
What car seats is this stroller compatible with?
Gracco
is the car seat adapter sold separately and is it adaptable to other car seats besides the combi ones ?
is the car seat included?
WEighing in at 29lbs, it is considered heavy? When I have to collapse the stroller to board the bus, is it considered heavy for mothers to carry up?
If your baby falls asleep in the bassinet, can you lift it off the stroller (easily enough not to wake the baby) and set it inside, on the floor?
When is bassinet mode can the baby face you ? In the pictures shown on here the baby is facing outwards not the mom.Please help
Is the Graco SnugRide Classic connect 30 compatible with the adapter? And is the adapter included with stroller purchase?
I'm interested in the one that's all black, including the bassinet (not the gray and black one). Is that the graphite or the black?
what is the front bar covered in? Just foam that can be chewed off? I have a teething baby that chews everything.
What car seats is this stroller compatible with?
Gracco
is the car seat adapter sold separately and is it adaptable to other car seats besides the combi ones ?
is the car seat included?
WEighing in at 29lbs, it is considered heavy? When I have to collapse the stroller to board the bus, is it considered heavy for mothers to carry up?
If your baby falls asleep in the bassinet, can you lift it off the stroller (easily enough not to wake the baby) and set it inside, on the floor?
When is bassinet mode can the baby face you ? In the pictures shown on here the baby is facing outwards not the mom.Please help
Is the Graco SnugRide Classic connect 30 compatible with the adapter? And is the adapter included with stroller purchase?
I'm interested in the one that's all black, including the bassinet (not the gray and black one). Is that the graphite or the black?
what is the front bar covered in? Just foam that can be chewed off? I have a teething baby that chews everything.
What car seats is this stroller compatible with?
Gracco
Is this Happenstance the newest version of the Onside Air Convertible car seat? Looking for one recently manufactured, not already 2 yrs old. Thx.
Hi, can you use this product on the plane? Is it FAA approved?
I need to install this rear facing in a 2012 Kia Sorento. How hard will it be to install in its bucket seats?
Does it recline? for those who traveled with it, does it have a visible sticker that is FAA approved? did you use it on a BRICA Roll 'n Go Car
Has anyone used this seat on an airplane? I know the FAA suggests the max width should be no more than 16 inches. Any help would be much appreciated!!
How does this seat fit in small cars when in the infant position? I have a Kia Rio and am having difficulty finding a seat to fit.
can we use this front facing position?
Has anyone taken this on an airplane? My airline has a 16-inch width limit. Will it fit and how was your experience flying with it?
Can this carseat be installed rear facing using the LATCH system or only forward facing?
Does this car seat come shipped in a box or does it come in the manufacturer bag like it is sold in the stores?
Is this car seat FAA approved? I'd like to purchase it for a flight to Europe and want to be 100% sure that the airline will accept it.
Is the Calvin color blueish or more grey? I can't quite tell in the image provided. Thank you!
Is there any head padding or cushion that is not shown in the picture?
Is this a good seat to use in an airplane?
Can it adjust the texture of the food? For example, food puree/mash for a 9 month old baby should be more rough than that of a 6 month old baby.
is it possible to cook meat with this machine?
Does it come with the rice/pasta insert?
Is it dishwasher safe?
Hello to all the mommies out there. I want to buy the Beaba but was wondering if the two mixers is needed? Also if it mixes good.? Thx
Has anyone had issue with the steamer producing brown burnt smelling water? I saw some people with the single unit had the problem. Review to follow.
Has anyone noticed how dirty the water reservoir gets after using it? I was curious and checked with a flash-light after 1 month of use (it is so hidden that it was hard to do..) There was dark brown stuff all-over the walls of the water reservoir! I...
does it fit chicco key fit infant seat
Needing a double stroller for city living (park, groceries, metro) and will last as they grow. - 2 yr/2 mo old. Recommend?
Is it stable if the car seat is attached and the older child is not seated up front?
what are the dimensions when it is all folded up? I see the product dimensions but I am not sure that when it is fully assembled
I have baby trend model :(monkey around) car seat I want to know does it fit in this stroller.Good luck
I don't have a snap in car seat for my infant (3 months). Will she fit ok in the front without a carrier?
I have Britax Chaperone, do I need the Safety 1st OnBoard 35 Adjustable Infant Car Seat Base as well to connect it to this stroller?
Is it true the wheels are hard to maneuver?
does this or any of the sit and stand strollers come with car seats included?
does it comments with car seat
Will this work with a GRACO carseat?
Does it carry convertible car seats as a toddler seat? Or is it infant seats only?
Will this work with a Maxi Cosi Mico carseat?
Will this fit the Cosco car seat?
Will this work with Chico and Britax car seats?
I read that it works with the Maxi Cosi Mico with the strap, but does it actually snap into place or the straps are the only thing holding it?
Does the Cosco Light n Comfy click in? Or strap on only?
Dones it have brake on The rear wheels?
will this work with the britax b safe infant seat?
does this work with even flo
It says there are straps to attach the changer to the dresser. Are there also straps to hold the baby in the changer?
If I place this station on the floor, are the sides high enough to prevent rolling?
Will this fit on a dresser that's 20 inches deep?
do you have to drill holes in the dresser top to secure straps? How do they work?
Is the "stem" part completely removable, if you wanted to do so? Has anyone had this scratch a dresser top?
Does this come with the diaper/wipe pail shown in the pictures?
Ok to put on crib top?
Can it put on crib?
Has anyone tried this and the keekaroo version? I'm torn between the two, not sure which is better. Thanks!
Are the sides high enough to keep the baby from rolling?
How long does bassinet feature work? Until what weight or height?
Can it be folded easily? Thanks
Could a newborn go in the bassinet?
How far does the canopy fold down for sun protection
Can this stroller be used in the rear facing position?
What is the maximum stroller handle height?
Is the bassinet feature a part of the stroller or do you have to purchase an attachment..?
does it come with a rain cover and a sun protector?? or can i have a link that i can buy one off?? please and thanku
Will the graco snugride 35 car seat fit in this stroller?
does it fit the pliko switch?
works on Book Plus stroller?
will this tray fit on the Chicco Activa3 jogging stroller?
Does this fit the Book PopUp?
Does this item fit the triple SW atmosphere stroller
Hi, does it fit with switch four stroller?
Hi! Do anybody knows if works with the peg perego book? Thanks
Hello, does it fit to the book pop-up?...thanks.
Do these bottles work with Ameda brand pumps?
any scale on the bottles? if yes, it;s presented as oz or ml? is per 10 ml or 50ml?
Does this have the measurements and is this really made in USA?Those 8-ounce bottles in 3-packs sold in stores with nipples are now made China
Do the 8 oz bottles fit in the Medela 4-bottle cooler?
how many Freestyle Spare Parts Kit include? a pair or only one?
Do all items come in one box? or separately?
Does the bottle come with the lid?
Can I opt for the 24mm breast shield instead of the 27mm? Thanks.
Are the two 27mm breastshields that come in this package the hard plastic or are they the soft almost silicone feeling ones?
Does this adapter really work with the City Mini GT stroller and any Britax infant car seat?
Does this adaptor work with the City Select stroller?
I am concerned that the infant car seat is going to sit too high on the stroller with this set-up and be easy to tip over. Any experience?
Does anyone know how to take the car seat out of the adaptor?
Does the city mini still fold up easily with the adaptor attached? Or do you need to remove the adaptor to fold the stroller?
Does this adaptor work with the Chicco KeyFit 30 carseat? If not, then which adaptor does?
what is the difference between this adopter and the other one with model #BJ90131 ? The prices are so different! ($2 vs $20)
Is the adaptor compatible with the Britax B-Ready Bassinet?
Is this the correct adapter (BJ90122) for the Baby Summit X3 Single stroller and the Britax B-Safe Infant car seat combination?
I have the city mini GT. I see this product says "uses mounting bracket".Do I need to use the mounting bracket? or can I just snap this adapter and go
How much coverage does this give....how long is the roll?
Does it stick to brick?
How long is the tape?
How long is the edge cover?
My baby is 6 months old and can almost sit in his little tub unassisted. Will this work for him?
Looks like it covers part of the head. Can you actually wash all the of the child's hair with this on?
my baby is 9.5 months old, will it too big for him? Thanks
How big does this expand?
I bought one about a year ago, always has problem with water sipping through to his face. I noticed the cushion has no air in there, is it suppose to?
does it fit adults
is it suitable for 3 months baby&#xFF1F;
Is this a true teal, or is it blue?
In the facing forward position, can a toddler nap without their head flopping forward? I'd like a seat in which they can sleep comfortably. Thanks.
I have twins and we have a VW Jetta and a Honda Fit. How do 2 of these car seats fit in either car rear facing and front facing ?
Does this come with it's own base?
Does the "rebound bar" always used RFing or can it be tucked under? (Seems it would take away leg space for my 2yr old RFing)
Where do they hide the instruction book in this thing? We ordered two of them and neither one seems to have an instruction book.
What type of FABRIC is used in these models? Perhaps different patterns have different fabrics? Is is comfortable/hot/scratchy?
Do you need an infant insert to use this with a newborn? If so, which one do you use?
When will this car seat be available?
What type of FABRIC is used in these models? Perhaps different patterns have different fabrics? Is is comfortable/hot/scratchy?
Does this seat give your little one head support while they are sleeping? I would like a seat that prevents the child's head from "dangling"?
Does this seat fit well in a sedan (specifically Impala) behind one of the seats while rearfacing?
I ordered this seat and it didn't come with an instruction manual, only the various tag mini instructions attached to the seat at different places...
What type of FABRIC is used in these models? Perhaps different patterns have different fabrics? Is is comfortable/hot/scratchy?
It says this car sear has two positions recline rear facing. How do I recline it?
Would this seat fit into Nissan Altima?
We have a four-door Nissan Frontier truck. Will this car seat fit in the back seat?
Is the rebound bar used the whole time the seat is rear facing, or just when it is angled for infant use?
Can this car seat be used in older cars that don't have the latch system?
Does the 1 or the 2 on the leveler correspond with the correct 45 degree angle for rear facing w/o headrest?
Did this seat come with a manual when you bought it from Amazon? Mine just arrived, but there is no manual. I am now concerned it may have been a return.
is this fabric good in very hot climates?
Will this seat work for a newborn as well?
At what height/weight do you have to start using the headrest while rear facing?
Can the cup holder be placed on either side of the seat. Not sure it will clear in my car if placed behind the passenger seat when facing forward.
Will this fit in a 2010 Honda Civic behind the passanger seat?? Thanks
Is the fabric removable and if so, is it machine washable?
What type of FABRIC is used in these models? Perhaps different patterns have different fabrics? Is is comfortable/hot/scratchy?
Is this seat approved for airplane use?
is it easy to take in and out for switching cars? how does it fit setting backwards?
Can you rear face this seat in a captain chair?
does it recline when facing forward
We just received ours and there is no insruction manual in the box??
i want to know how big is the carseat and what kind of cars will it fit in i have a 2004 Honda Accord its not a truck or a van?
Does this meet all new safety standards ?
Does the "rebound bar" have to be up in all RFing installations? I will be using RFing till 2 yrs old
Is the height of the strap adjustable (not moving it forward or backward). The crotch strap seems short and would cut into baby's thighs.
when buying this product on amazon, does it still come with the one year warranty?
Does this car seat have a steel frame or integrated steel frame bars?
I too am wondering will this item will be out. Wanting to pre-order, but only if i will receive it soon! Thankyou
Will this work with Samsung Galaxy S3? Really? I have bought a few products that claim to work with any Bluetooth product but that was not true.
Does it have a base for removing, or is it meant to stay in the car permanently?
How does the device connect to the internet to send alerts? If it's connected to the bluetooth on my phone and I leave the car, doesn't do much good?
Does the anniversary edition come with restraint straps?
is there any difference between classic and this wood finish?
Does this come with a tray, or do I need to buy it separately? Do I need an insert for a 6 month old?
Does it have leg extenders?
Does this version also come with the gliders that the newer Tripp Trapp come with?
Does it come with the safety straps, the over the shoulders kind?
Will this fit a rollator walker?
IS this good for a Maclaren?
i have a hoveround power wheelchair, will fit over the arm rest, i could,t tell if the bag splits in 1/2,,ty
Does anyone use this on a City mini double stroller? How does it work?
What are the dimensions of this? The description says 15.8 x 1.5 x 25.5 inches -- but I have a really hard time believing it's 1.5" deep!
Does the lid velcro closed?
This seems to be about the size of the smaller version of this same item. Is that correct?
Does the divider come out or is it permanent?
Is this item sturdy enough so that if a toddler climbed on top, it wouldn't collapse?
Are these BPA free?
How many ounces of liquid/puree does each pop hold?
How many ounces of liquid/puree does each pop hold?
Where is it made?
I'm just curious but is it dishwasher safe?
does the camera have to be plugged in or can it run on battery power? If so, how long does the battery last before needing recharging?
Noise machines would make Peep mode useless since the room would always be noisy?
This product is 110v or 220v?
How bad is the buzzing noise that I am reading occurs on this monitor? I read it can be silenced with the VOX feature but how bad when not using that?
Does this monitor have a VOX mode. In VOX mode the parents unit remains absolutely silent until the nursery unit picks up enough noise, and turns on.
Does this camera have a adapter option?
Can the camera be connected to an iPhone?
Can you use multiples of this monitor in the same facility (a church) or will they interfere with each other?
If the camera has no battery, what occurs during a power outage? It no longer works? And you have to enter room when power is back on to turn it on?
Battery operated? and when does the battery last?
I have frequent internet outages, will this monitor still work or will it only work over a WIFI connection?
To use the monitor on a PC at home i need to access (insightwebview.philips.com). Is there any annual contract with Philips ($24.99) for this service?
Is there an Android app available?
Hi, i need to know if it&acute;s compatible with iPhone 5S?
Hi, what is the model of this can? And how many feet away is it able to see in the dark? Thanks!
The "Philips B120E/37 InSight Wireless HD Baby Monitor Video Camera" can not support 110-240V voltage
Can I have YOU personalize this ornament for me?
how do i tell you what i want the ornament to say?
Can you please tell me what theBaby's First Christmas, Boy Christmas Ornament - Ornament Central Baby in Christmas Stocking is made of?
how do i contact you to tell you what i want on the ornament?
How long does it last?
Obviously non-slip rubber, but is the pebble design in the pics raised, or is it a relatively smooth grippy surface with that design just printed on?
Can this mat be removed daily without damaging a glazed tub?
Does anyone know how to remove one of these? Ours has stayed on strong for over 2 years, but now I would like to remove it.
Will bathing dogs 10 to 50lbs on this cause much damage to the mat surface? They are clipped regluarly, still one always has slightly long nails.
will mat adhere to a slightly textured tub surface or is smooth surface required?
Can this mat be cut to size? I want to use it for a shower.
Can this product be used on tile floors?
I usually take this off while my lo sleeps but what are the recommendations?
can the necklace be washed?
how long is this? i have heard 12ish inches....
What is the length of the necklace?
Is the clasp a plastic screw on?
What country is the amber sourced from?
Where is this made?
What kind of clasp does this necklace have?
What is the weight limit for this item?
what is the height of the stool when opened up
Is the carrying case included? The listing title says it does, but the description says it doesn't?
Can you have two sets at the same time? If yes, does sound from both input units go to both output units? (Hopefully yes)
is it 110-220 volts?
My babys room is at the 2nd floor. If I go down to eat will this work just fine? Maybe 100 ft away
Is this camera compatible with the 28035 monitor?
is this camera compatible with the slim and secure 2 model
Will this work with model number 28460?
can you tell me if this camera will work with model #28280? If so, how? I am unable to sync the two.
Is this camera compatible with the 28034 model?
Is this camera compatible to the 28820 monitor? Thanks
With this work with model 28680?
I have a best view choice color monitor.When you plug in the new camera, does the monitor just pick it up? I've never seen a feature for a 2nd camera?
Does the audio come through for both cameras? For instance, if you are sleeping in a separate room, would you be able to hear both rooms?
Just to confirm, this does not record correct?
Is there a laundry bag insert to keep "messy" laundry from getting on the inside of the hamper?
How well does it close? Would it keep odors in and prevent a toddler from getting inside (if I want to keep it in his room)?
How many loads can the hamper hold? Thanks
What are the hamper measurements?
Do you think I could hang it on a hook from the back of a door?
What are this products dimensions? How tall?
Is the inside BPA free? Also does this product have a strong odor at first?
Since this is portable, is it 40 X 28 or smaller? Thank you.
I can't get the bottom of the play yard to lock. It will go flat put won't lock. Any suggestions?
Is the sheet included?
Portable? Does it have wheels and a carry case?
What is the difference between this playpen and the Marianna 300 besides the design?
The details state that it comes with a changer but it is not pictured. Are the details accurate or from a different playpen?
Which mattress should I buy?
I need to know if the announcement of he baby's den it's true or not becuase I've realized that some customers complaint about not receiving the carry
how heavy is the baby cart?
The carry cot (newborn ) didn't come. I received just 1 box whith the stroller. Shouldn't I receive all the itens in the photo?
is this in V4 model? does this also include the rain cover and mosquito net?
is this in V4 model? does this also include the rain cover and mosquito net?
do you really use the carry cot?...
Does this include: rain cover and mosquito cover?
does this stroller come with the car seat adapter... or how do you transfer from the stroller to the car?... will i have to buy something additional?.
if i will buy this stroller and ship it to Israel, will i have stokke Warranty in israel?
What pcs does it comes? Exactly like the photo?
Can you make signs that say, "Drive like your kids go to school here"?
how does the sign stand ? do we need to put it against something or it comes with a stand ? will it stand even if its windy ?
Can the rod be attached so that we can put it on a tree for better visibility?
Is this sign one sided or two sided (with the writing)?
Does anyone know what size snaps these use? I'm considering adding snaps to some of my prefolds to turn them into inserts.
do these have two layers of pul or are snaps exposed on the inner side of diaper?
Hi! Does this product come with an insert, or are all of those bought separately? Thanks!
Would these diapers work with prefolds?
Anyone know how these large inserts compare in size to Best Bottom larges? Our bb larges fit weird in these. Wondering if we need the Buttons ones...
Does the soap dish have drainage holes?
I just got this yesterday and it doesn't stay on the wall. Any suggestions? I have a tile wall and it's on the tile...big pieces not small.
I have a stand up shower, I want something to place my foot on when shaving, just to balance (not to climb on). Would this work?
Does this collect lint as other teething necklaces seem to?
Where are your products manufactured?
Would this hold up for an adult with a mild chewing habit as well?
I want to be sure that I am going to receive the boys blue taggie blanket
Do you have the Little Taggies Confetti blanket or the Little Taggies Polka-dots blanket available? And how can I specify this when ordering? Thank you!
How many items do you receive? All six or just one?!
How do I pick the one I want? There is no place to request a specific pattern...
do you sell the orange and green polka dot gender neutral blanket?
How can you make sure you don't get a girls blanket when you have a boy? I did not see any option to specify during the process of checking out.
Our Murano's rearview mirror has the garage door opener button attached to the bottom. Will that still be accessible with this product?
Does this cover your actual rearview mirror? That seems unsafe to block a mirror you need for driving (even if you do have side mirrors)
Is this mirror made of glass like your mirror already on your car? Or is it plastic. Mainly I'm asking is it very clear or a little distorted?
How does this work for seeing kids in rear-facing carseats? Particularly those behind the driver?
Can I see children in seats other than directly behind the diver's seat, like on the passenger side?
How does this work for night driving? Usually I can use a lever to tilt the mirror to dim the headlights behind me.
When installed, the mirror weighs down the rear view mirror so it won't stay in place. Anyone experience this issue and have a fix?
Has anyone used this with a Toyota Sienna (2014) and still been able to access the garage door opener located on the rear-view mirror?
The picture shows that you can see older/tall kids, but can you see smaller toddlers that still sit a bit low in their front facing booster/car seats?
Wondering if it will fit on the rear view mirror of my car (Buick Enclave)?. I'm afraid to buy if this is not universal mirror.
Can the case also be put in the dishwasher or just the spoon?
Is the spoon BPA free?
Will the case fit other baby spoons or is it specifically only for the oxo one?
Is the spoon in this set the same size as the one they sell in a 2 pack? I would like to switch out the spoons instead of buying another set...
Can someone look at the case the spoon goes in and look for the recycling code number (1 through 7) to see what kind of plastic the case is made of?
Is having the case much better than just putting it into a plastic Ziploc?
Is the white on the comforter true white or creamy white?
how can I get the mobile, lamp shade, &amp; also border wall paper to match this set
Is the sheet 100% cotton
I am worried about the comforter getting "lumpy" after a few washes due to the stitching is that known to happen or is there a guarantee/warranty?
from what material it is made? polyester, cotton? thank u!
is this suitable for petite moms? Like 5' tall and XS size before the pregnancy
I want to buy an extra slipcover - does the original boppy slipcover fit on this?
Does this pillow fold and zip like other travel boppys?
Would this pillow work for twins if you're feeding both in the football hold?
Can this nursing pillow fit comfortably in a glider or rocking chair?
Just got this today, and when I took it out of the package, I saw that the stuffing is coming out between a seam. Has anyone else had this problem?
is there a waterproof cover for this like the other boppy&gt;
Will this pillow fit in a flight seat? Not the small local flights, but international flights?
If you take the foam out, can this be used for tummy time/baby propper like the original boppy?
Do these fit inside gdiapers?
Will these fit in newborn Alva baby pockets?
where are they made? in China?
How wide are these. I have fuzzinbunz one size pocket diapers which are only 4.5 inches wide at its narrowest point. Do you think these will fit?
I just ordered these 3 layer inserts from Alva Baby and when I received them the tag says 80% Bamboo / 20% Polyester. What does your tag say?
Can someone please clarify how I use this product? I received as a gift. Do they go inside pocket diapers or inside a shell like Grovia Hybrid?
How do I wash and dry these before I use them on a new baby? No directions came!
Can you use these alone with a cover - with these insert against the baby's skin?
thickness
How do you prep this before you start use? Will 3 or 4 washes be okay to reach enough absorbancy? Do you prep in hot or cold water?
Will these fit in my gDiapers?
I've used these for 10 months without problems. Now, my son's diaper leaks a lot. I use 2 liners and sometimes fold one of them in half. Any advice?
I am so confused about this product. Are these cloth diapers, or are these some inserts, I don't understand what are these??
Which detergent is recommended to wash them?
How big are these? Would they fit in a newborn cover?
What is the shape of this nipple more like ..... a bottle nipple or flat like a Nuk passi?
Do you still offer this item with no retail packaging but just with a sealed plastic bag? I need about 10 with retail packaging. Please let me know if you have some with retail packaging.
I want to purchase 10 of the mustache pasafiers, is there a way they can all be packaged together so I dont have to pay 4.50 for each for shipping?
can I use hot steam or boiling water to sterilize the pacifier?
Is this made in China?
Do you offer wholesale and ship to Taiwan? I want to buy 50 of them and directly ship to Taiwan.
Where is the product made from? the origin place?
is there a recall on the mustachifier pacifier?
The Chill Baby pacifiers have just been recalled, is this one recalled as well?
is there a recall on2898701944
i know its says its airplane approved but does this car seat fits on a seat in a plane? anyone ever took it on a plane?
How did consumer report rate this carseat...compared to Britax?
I have an older car that doesn't have the hooks for the latch system. Can you buckle this car seat in with the seatbelt?
Can all of the recline angles be used in both front and rear facing? Can the angle be adjusted AFTER it is latched or belted into the seat?
How does this compare to the radian rxt? Has anyone used them both?
What is the rear facing seated height limit?
Has anyone used this in the center seat rear facing without the latch system? I have a sedan and I want to be able to see out my rear view.
Are the seat cover, shoulder pads, and straps removable and washable?
How far does it actually recline? We are going to travel all night with our 3YO and she probably won't sleep unless it reclines WAY back.
Can this car seat fit on a Chicco Cortina Stroller?
What are the folded dimensions of the stroller?
Does a Chicco Nextfix Convertible car seat fit in this stroller?
I have a keyfit 30 infant carseat already, but do you need a child carseat for an older kid (around 2) or can he just use the stroller as is?
Has anyone successfully taken off the rear seat cushion? We just bought this used, and it needs cleaned. Our appears screwed on...
Can I order a Dark Gray color from you for this one? Thank you.
Hi, I would like to know if this item can be shipped to Hong Kong. If yes, how much would be the shipping cost?
Has anyone tried running with this? How did it do? I see that there are shocks according to the demo video. How is it for grass and rocks as well?
Is it possible to use snack trays in this stroller? If so, can you use snack trays for both seats?
Is this the red and black color? Because it seems to be burgundy in the picture. I just wanted to know if it is red, black and grey. Thank you.
will this stroller accommodate the first year via car seat?
How does this stroller do in grass or gravel?
So can you put the actual carseat in the stroller some how or do i need a fullsize to set the carseat in the stroller?
This stroller doesn't come with a snack tray. Anyone able to find a compatible snack tray from another manufacturer?
How hard is it to clean? I love the navy/white but worry about how dirty the white part will get considering it's right where dirty shoes will be.
Is this price " $216.91 + $15.99 shipping" for the whole travel system (stroller + car seat) or stroller only?
Does anyone know if this stroller is compatible with other brand infant car seats? Or only Chicco infant car seats? I have a Britax B Safe.
My husband is 6 foot 2 and I am 5 foot 1. Is this stroller comfortable for both of us? Are the handle heights adjustable?
Is this stroller compatible with Graco infant carseats?
can someone please tell me how much it actually weight? It says 15 lbs on the description, but some video review I saw said it was about 20 lbs. Thx
Reviews on the regular Liteway complain about the crotch buckle being tight and not adjustable. Is it the same on this model?
Is there any settings that allows to view baby's face (baby facing rear) while I push stroller forward?
how many positions does the seat recline before flat? Are there just 2 positions (upright and flat)?
How do u get the leg rest to stay up in flat position?
Would this stroller fit in the hatchback of a Mazda 3?
Has anyone fully reclined the seat and put an infant in the stroller without the attaching the car seat? Chicco said you can do this until he can sit.
How does the fabric hold up to wear and washing? Does it fade? Show stains easily? Thanks!
My husband and I are rather tall, so we're wondering when the handle is adjusted to its maximum, how high is it from the ground level?
Does the back support recline all the way back to become completely flat ?
how good is the suspension? is it a rough ride for the baby if lets say you go out for a walk in the park
how much does the stroller weigh
Does the basket have a handle at the back to pull in order to lower it down for easy access if the seat is reclined?
Does this stroller have an adjustable handlebar?
does it accept graco classic connect car seat?
Can infants ride in this without car seat?
When you insert the car seat to the stroller, does it make it rear facing?
Does the childs head fall foward when sleeping
Does it fit in a standard airline seat? It looks like it might be a bit wide (16.5 in. vs. recommended 16 in.). Thanks.
does the back come off, ie converting it into a "backless" booster?
How easy or difficult it is to latch/unlatch? I am looking for flexibility to use seats in multiple cars. Thanks.
is there a 5 point harness on this or is it only good for a seat belt ?
Is this seat convertible to a backless booster?
Does the back recline for sleeping on long trips?
GMC Acadia owners with captains chairs: is it easy for the child to buckle and unbuckle themselves with this booster installed in a captain's chair?
Can anyone inform me how thick the padding is? Also, is it considered three-pint harness? Thank you.
Is the seat still functional without using the latch system? We have a vehicle that doesn't have the required hooks for the latch.
do you have to use the latch system with this booster?
does this seat include a belt positioner?
Can you use the Affix in a car that does not have LATCH?
I have a small coupe, does it fit ok on those seats?
Are the cup and side holders detachable, making the seat even narrower? Thank you.
What material is the latch? Is it metal similar to a latch on a convertible car seat or heavy duty nylon or fabric?
Has anyone ever used this latch system booster on an airplane??
Do these have an expiration date?
Can I purchase a back to this booster seat?
Is the actual seat part of this wide enough to be comfortable for bigger kids who need a booster? My 10 year old son is 4'6" and average build.
Can this be used as a toddler chair without the tray?
hi! shipping Dimensions please
How deep is the seat (the actual sitting part where the baby's butt goes, in inches)? Trying to see if it is deeper than the Slim Spaces model.
We've got a super-tall baby who at 5 months is already too leggy for the Graco Slim Spaces. Does this seat work for tall babies?
Since it only has wheels in the front, can you push the chair to a different room with a baby in the chair? How do the wheels work?
What is the height at the highest setting? Can a child sit at a counter height table?
What are the dimensions of the removable tray? I am curious how it will fit in the dishwasher.
Does anyone else feel like the seat is not deep enough? Is this a standard seat size or are there chairs with a deeper seat?
Is it difficult to clean the chair and straps considering it's not one smooth piece of fabric?
Does the chair have a reclining position so a 3 month old who is not yet sitting erectly can sit in it?
What is the difference between the click connect 35 and the click connect 35 lx?
Does this car seat have a plush "velvety" finish or is it more cloth-like finish where the baby will be place?
Does this car seat allow the Euro Beltpath Routing so that it can be used without a base? I live in the city and will mostly use it in taxis.
Are head supports OPTIONAL? I have read that the head support "pillow" is removable, but that doesn't necessarily mean you can remove it and still safely use the car seat without it. I'm leaning toward the LX model for it's other features, but if this...
Does this have a good head support for a newborn, or should I get extra support?
How heavy is just the carseat without the base?
What are the dimensions of the base - in particular the actual width?
How well does this car seat fit in the back of a midsized sedan?
Is the canopy fixed to the head of the seat or can it be moved to the feet and leg side of the seat for better coverage?
Is the car seat material washable in the washing machine?
Can this seat be attached to a Bob stroller with the Bob adapter? Bob's website says it is compatible with the Graco Snugride Classic Connect.
does this fit in airplane seats?
are the car seats sold on amazon due to expire very soon? I know if I purchase directly from GRACO that the exp date will be longer down the road
In the discription it says product weight is 15 lbs. Is the whole assy with the base equal 15 lbs, or is just the seat itself 15 lbs?
Does this fit the original sung rider snap n go?
Does this fit on a shopping cart?
is the warning labels on all the car seats none removable? I think it looks to tacky!
Hello! I was wandering if this seat has the fabric that folds over to cover the baby's feet? Thank you!
does this car seat fit with an older graco stroller or should we go with the classic connect?
What is the shortest setting for the shoulder straps? For instance, premies need the shoulder straps to be 6" or less...do they adjust that small?
I'm debating between a BOB Revolution SE and this stroller. Does anyone know if this is a good stroller for toddlers (do they still fit)? Also, how is the handlebar height? I'm 5'9" and my husband is 6'4". Thanks!
can the front wheel be loccked???
Will my Chicco car seat fit?
How far back does the seat recline? Does this stroller work withthe older Graco car seats ( Snugride 32)?
How easily does it fold down? I wanted to buy this as my only stroller. Would it be a nuisance taking in and out of the car? How heavy is it?
Does anyone have dimensions of this product when folded and with the wheels removed? I'd like to know if it will fit in my tiny trunk.
will it fit in Honda car trunk?
What is the weight of the stroller? Amazon lists 38 lbs but I think they've been wrong about some of the other strollers I've looked at.
this can put in Cross Golf&iuml;&frac14;&#136;2012&iuml;&frac14;&#137;&acirc;&#128;~s trunk?
Can you take out the seat padding to wash it?
Does it fold?
Any mention of the bpa free on the box, any toxic smell?
I saw the chair in target but i noticed a huge bump on the seat part. Will it bother the baby?
Will the tray fit in the dishwasher?
carpet
Do you have to take the tray off to get the baby out?
Is this high chair JPMA certified?
Is footrest sturdy enough for toddler to stand on (so they can get into chair without being lifted)?
does this chair roll easily with a child in it?
Will this chair pull up to the table, like the Table Fit?
What are the color? The photo shows circles in the center, red in the midle and gray at the edge, but description shows circles on the outside!
Is it easy to clean?
How high does it adjust to? I have a 36" table and am looking for a high chair to fit.
Is the Finley one dark gray like the main photo,or dark brown like the customer image shows&iuml;&frac14;&#159;
could u be so kind to let me know approximate sizes of parcel? and weight please
Can you attach the larger tray without having the snack tray attached, or do you have to always put the snack tray on first?
is is really 34 inches across the base from from to back? that seems very wide!
Husband &amp; I are both really tall &amp; he has football build- i.e. we'll have a large baby boy. How long will our son's legs fit between tray &amp; seat?
Good morning, What are the dimensions of the box?. I need to buy this chair online and transported by boat, so I want to know the exact middle of the box or packaging.
Will the Graco snugride car seat fit on this stroller?
Can you put 2 car seats in this stroller?
Where does the infant carseat fit on the stroller? Can you attach a carseat and have another child sitting in the stroller?
can any carseat fit in the back of the stroller? The stroller was a gift.... and we are looking at carseat but can't find one to match.
I have a toyota corolla, will the stroller fit in my trunk?
Do the snack trays rotate up so the child can climb in?
At the product information, item weight is 30.7 lb but shipping weight is 54lb! I&rsquo;m wondering if it is truly 30.7lb. Why shipping weight is so heavy?
Will two car seats fit in the stroller, or just one?
Would the back seat work better for a 10 month baby or a 7 month baby? ( They are cousins, not siblings)
is the rear seat suitable for a newborn?
Do you need to buy a mattress for the bassinet? The one I saw in the store had nothing, you couldn't put a baby in there...
Has anyone found a pad and sheets for the bassinet on the stand? Babys r us makes a bassinet pad that is 31L by 18W. will it work?
I wanted to know how I would set up the Mattress pad when the baby is about a 8-12 months? The only option I see is setting up all the way down? I would like to set it up in the middle not all the way down. Most graco's have that option. Since this one...
Does portable bassinet in Graco Day 2 Night Sleep System have separate mattress? Does Graco sell sheets for this?
what are the measurements of the portable bassinet?
are pak and play sheets ok for this day to night?
Does anybody know how big is the shipping box of this? Reason am asking is so I could get a quote for shipping this internationally. Thank you.
Why is the bassinet only good for up to 15 pounds? That seems like a small amount.
I see the weight limit for the pack n play what about for the free standing bassinet?
I have it set up for storage, but need the pad on the playpen... Where is the pad?
How old were your babies when they outgrew it for sleeping?
do I need a mattress?
can i use as a crib for infant
What are the best sheets for this small pack n play? I see that some people use a fitted sheet from a changing pad? is that the best?
Can extra padding (mattress) be added?
What do you like to use as a sheet for the bassinet mattress?
Do anyone know the dimensions of the mattress (inside) as opposed to the outer dimensions? Thanks
I want to use this as a bassinet for the first couple of months then transition to a regular crib. What waterproof mattress cover works with this?
What are the weight restrictions (according to the manual) for the different stages? Thanks!
Is this suitable to be a travel/portable crib for my 11 mo baby (21lbs, about 30inch tall), super active
Can this seat be attached to a Bob stroller with the Bob adapter? Bob's website says it is compatible with the Graco Snugride Classic Connect.
does this fit in airplane seats?
are the car seats sold on amazon due to expire very soon? I know if I purchase directly from GRACO that the exp date will be longer down the road
In the discription it says product weight is 15 lbs. Is the whole assy with the base equal 15 lbs, or is just the seat itself 15 lbs?
Does this fit the original sung rider snap n go?
Does this fit on a shopping cart?
is the warning labels on all the car seats none removable? I think it looks to tacky!
Hello! I was wandering if this seat has the fabric that folds over to cover the baby's feet? Thank you!
does this car seat fit with an older graco stroller or should we go with the classic connect?
What is the shortest setting for the shoulder straps? For instance, premies need the shoulder straps to be 6" or less...do they adjust that small?
I'll be running 3-10 miles, 3-4x/week. I'll be using a '07 Toyota Yaris to transport it. Does it work well on a gravel trail?
Where can i find replacement wheels for the back tires?
Front tire keeps locking on this system please HELP?
Do we need to pump air in tires before first use?
Does the Graco Snug Ride infant car seat work with this stroller?
At what age is it OK to have the baby ride in this stroller (vs connecting the car seat)?
Won't locking the wheel making it harder to turn when running?
Does the connect 30 carseat fit with this stroller?
Do you know if an iPhone 4s with an OtterBox Defender Series case (the big bulky one) will fit?
Can you place the new born DIRECTLY into the stroller (without using the car seat)? Thank you.
I need this extra camera for my new baby. If I have white noise in my sons room and in the new babys room will I hear BOTH rooms at the same time?
Does VOX mode work with 2 cameras? Meaning, will it turn off when all is quiet and then turn on when either camera detects noise?
I just bought this camera as an add-on to my existing Samsung baby monitor, but the night vision keeps switching on and off... Thoughts anyone?
description says this secondary camera has no pan and tilt like the primary. So no zoom then? or only for model #SEW-3037.
can you use a differant monitior like a tablet or t.v
When using two cameras, do you get split screen video and audio from both at the same time, or audio only by cycling between the two cameras?
Does it work with SEW-3040?
Hello. Wanna know how many pieces does have your bumper, and how long are them?
Hi, do you ship to Switzerland?
Is there any way to purchse just the bumper, skirt, changing pad cover, and hamper? I hate to purchase everything and not use it all.
Could you please tell me whether you ship to Serbia? Many thanks.
do you have mini crib bedding sets?
The throw pillow that comes with this set is it solid turquoise or chevron?
can you get this in another color besides turquoise
Love this just wondering if anyone else had trouble with the colors bleeding when washed?
can you purchase the diaper stacker separately?
It say's that it comes with 1 bumper, does that go all the way around the crib or is it only one side?
Is there any way to buy just the cover?
I bought the cuddle pillow in 2008. The old pillow case came with a zipper so you could take off the pillow case. Does the new pillow case have a zipper?
also, is the material scratchy? does putting a king size pillow case work?
What is the pillow made out of?
Can I use this pillow for breastfeeding as well?
How is this newer version different than the older Bobby Cuddle pillow?
Has anyone else had problems with the adhesive that holds the zipper seal to the pouch disintegrating on contact with peanut oil (from peanut butter)?
What is it made out of? The description says what it is NOT made out of "BPA-, PVC-, and Phthalate-free". Is it plastic or aluminum then?
Is the item BPA free?
Is there a limit on how many times you can reuse these?
leak?
Do they leek?
What can you use to write on them that will wash off but stay on till your done?
Anyone have mold growing under the zipper? Looks like a bit of food and water got in between the zipper and side of the pouch. (under glue)
Can these hold up to steam sterilization?
Are they clear on the back so you can see the food or are they opaque on both sides?
How big is the waist strap. My husband is a big and tall guy, our ergo is tight on him.
I am 4'11 and I have difficulty getting the appropriate wraps. Would this work for me
Is the Barberry different from the other prints? Does it have a hood?
Can you wear the baby in any other position then the front facing as shown on the model?
My baby hates the Moby wrap and the Ergo. Is this significantly different enough from those two that I should even bother trying it?
Can it be worn with baby at the back?
Can it be worn on the hip?
Can the baby face out in this carrier?
I'm 5'3 and weigh 100. My husband is a 44" belt size. Looking for a carrier that would work for us both with our just-turned two-year-old.
Does this have the approval stamp to be used on airlines?
How wide is the base of the seat? I'm trying to find a booster that will fit between my other two carseats.
I need 2 boosters and a car seat? Will they all fit in a Nissan Rogue 2013
Anyone using 2 of these and a standard car seat (like a convertible) across the back of a standard vehicle, like an Accord or CRV?
What is the actual width of this seat?
Have any of you used this booster seat with a Toyota Prius?
Does this carseat come with the base or is it separate?
Can you use this carseat without the base?
Do I have to adjust the straps from the back? Are they a pain to adjust?
until age can use this car seat ?
How do you adjust the seat belt?
The product dimensions don't specify which number is for what measurement. I'm guessing the 18" is for width? That right?
Can the harness/straps be adjusted with baby in it easily?
According to my research, this infant carrier is 5 to 10 pounds lighter than most of them on the market, has anyone noticed this one seeming lighter?
Does this carseat work with the Snap and Go type strollers?
What stroller can this car seat be used with?
Our daughter's very tall. She just turned 6 mos old &amp; is 28" &amp; 18lbs. In NJ she has to stay rear facing 6 more mos. Will this seat be roomy enough?
is is front facing and rear facing?
Does anyone know if the 5 point harness allows up to 65 pounds?
when rear facing does this tilt back a little so their heads dont fall forward
Is this seat FAA approved?
What is the manufactured date or the expiration date?
This car seat is latch equipped?
Does this slide all the way up to the table, as in, will the tray fit under the table so baby can sit with the family?
How wide is the seat - looks a bit undersized in the photos?
can you use one hand to release the tray or must you use both hands?
How much assembly does this chair require?
Can you remove the tray and pull this chair up to the table?
Does high chair have harness to keep baby from sliding out?
Does the seat have different reclining options?
Does it have a strap?
Can this gate be adjusted to fit a 41-1/2" space at the top of my stairs? I need a gate that's safe and adequate to protect a 15 month old toddler.
is this gate adjustable to fit different size door openings?
Would this work for cats?
My opening is 35 1/2 in. Basic setup should work? I'm good handy man, so mods to it a possibilty? Need it for pets. Thz.
Does this come with the extension or is that sold seperately?
Is the extention included
Can additional extensions be purchased for this gate?
How exactly does the gate open? I'm looking for one that requires you to press a button while pushing down on a "pressure plate" at the same time.
What is the width of the actual gate opening (where it swings open)?
I have small dogs, would this keep them contained ? Also my door measures 32 1/4 will it fit ?
Can this gate be lifted off when kids are not around, and placed back on when they visit?
Can this gate be used in a hallway (rather than top of stairs)?
The banister at the top of my stairs is metal...would it still work there or does it need to be screwed in on both sides?
what size opening does this gate fit?
what is the difference between wood and hardware mounted one? The photo and descriptions look rather similar. And the price is a bit different.
When gate is opened do you have to step over it?
How big are the openings between the rails? I have small cats that I want to keep out..
Can this gate be stained?
Can you install this gate at an angle?
does this product rotate 360
Can baby bounce around in this like a baby bouncer?
Am i the only person who feels like its an OVERLOAD? Why arent there caps to fill in holes of toys removed?
How old was your baby when he/she begin to use this?
The colors shown in the photo are mostly blue and green. But when I looked at the photos it was multi colored. What color is the product?
does it have pvc? what kind of plastic is it made from?
What is the maximum weight that is allowable? I do not see it on the product description? What is the max age?
Is the plastic non-toxic?
I am looking for something to contain and occupy my 9 month old. Is this too young for him?
What is the maximum weight limit
Hi there, the product dimension mentioned is 34 x 21.5 x 43 inches. Is the height really 43 inches? Thank you.
Hi... This cstroller can use a newborn ?
can this stroller go in a complete upright position?
what are the specifications for the childs weight. in particular what is the max weight for child?
I have the Evenflo Symphony LX Convertible Car Seat will this fit in this stroller do you know?
Does it accept the Evenflo Nurture car seat?
Does it accept the evenflo embrace 35 car seat
Does it accept the infant seats?
What is the maximum door width this fits?
Will this gate withstand a child pushing and pulling on it?
Can it be adjusted to different lengths on top and bottom? I have base boards at the bottom of the doorway between my living and dining rooms.
Rather than step over it, would it be easy to detach and then re-attach after you walk through?
How is the fabric adjustable on this gate? In the photo, it seems that the fabric has set dimensions.
HOW WELL WILL IT LOOK IN A 43 INCH OPENING
Can the vertical bars be moved farther away from the doorway? I'd like my cat to be able to squeeze through the gate and just keep the dog out.
How tall is the gate? Thanks!!
the opening that I want to use this for is exactly 60 inches - will there be enough tension to keep it up? Anyone using it for a 60 inch doorway?
is this gate 35" high?
How padded is the seat?
does this seat work well in rear facing as well as forward facing?
who is the manufacturer
We have a 2010 Toyota Rav4, will this be difficult to tighten rear facing? I've heard in some vehicles the turn knob is right up against the seat.
Does this seat meet airline requirements?
Does anyone have experience using this seat in hot weather? How is the fabric?
Would it be possible for this seat to be rear facing in a 4-door hatchback such as a Honda Fit without the passenger or driver in front being smushed?
How easy is it to transfer between vehicles on an every other day basis or so?
Is it possible to secure this cas seat with LAP BELT ONLY?
How is cleaning this seat? does the cover come completely off to wash?
does this chair have 3 position reclining seat back and 6 height adjustments? doesn't say anything like that in the product details
is this high enough to reach a pub table?(its as high as standard kitchen countertops) I want her to be able to use the table. too
what material is on the seat
Will this adapter work with the BOB Revolution Duallie stroller serial number AH070304? MFG Date 2009-12-21?
can you unhook the tray for use after you stop using the adaptor?
Will this adapter work with the BOB Revolution Duallie serial number AHO87033?
Does anyone else find it difficult to install the carseat? We have to cram it into the sun shade, which means we can't use the shade.
Do I need to purchace one for each car seat or does this one product take care of adapting two car seats?
Someone who owns both the single and double chicco adapters explain to me why they are shaped so differently? This just doesn't "look" right.
Does anyone know if the Chicco adapter will also work with Safety 1st baby carrier? Doesn't look like they offer a Safety 1st adapter.
Does anyone know if a Britax car seat can fit on the adapter?
Does this adapter work with the new Flex Duallies?
Does the car seat snap in so it's facing the parent or facing out?
How long is the strand?
Since this is not the "raw" amber, what is it colored with? What kind of dye?
My 7 year old needs a replacement, hers broke and was 14". Her teeth were pulled as a baby and the new ones are hurting. Will this fit her?
What is the difference between the mosaic marble colored and the multicolored?
How long is the necklace?
What is the length?
Is this necklace pull clasp or twist clasp?
Will Avent natural bottles fit in this unit?
Can breast pump parts fit in it as well and be sterilized?
What is the output voltage or the electric potential?
If I only use the drying function, do I still need to add 100ml of water to the base plate?
is the deodorizing step optional?
Does this product have a warranty? If so, what does the warranty cover?
Can I use this sterilizer with glass bottles
Will Wabi Sterilizer fit in Dr. Brown 8oz Natural Flow Glass bottles?
I'm thinking of buying this steriliser but I live in the UK. Would I need to buy a US-UK transformer to use it safely?
If I only use the drying function, do I need to add water to the base plate?
can the cybex aton 2 carseat fit into these adaptors?
Does this car seat adapter work for the Maxi-Cosi Pebble? Is the product code UB0074?
Is this compatible with vista model 2014 or earlier? (Mine is 2012)
Does this adapter work with the 2015 UppaBaby Vista?
Are these adapters compatible with Maxi-cosi Pria?
Are these adaptors compatible with the 2014 model of Uppa Baby Vista
Does this product work with a Quinny Stroller?
Can this be used for the 2014 Baby Jogger City Select stroller when being used with the Maxi-Cosi Mico AP carseat?
Does this product work with nuna pipa carseat?
Does this product work with uppababy cruz?
Is there only one zipper on the side panel? Is it a quiet zipper?
Lotus vs Babybjorn light 2
Do I need to buy the sheets from Guava Family to make sure they fit the playard, or can I use any pack and play sheets?
Does anyone know the dimensions of this crib when it's folded up for travel?
does this have a bassinet option in it?
Exactly what parts of this crib are washable? The mesh sides &amp; top fabric border? the fitted sheet?
I received mine today... I found that when I weighed it all with my luggage weigher (which is always right on) it came to 13lbs!! Anyone else?
Does anyone know what the mattress is made from? It just cheap foam? Made in China (i.e., full of toxins)?
Will this be big enough for a 18 month old (approx 30 pounds)?
Is there another travel crib sheet that would fit this the Lotus travel crib mattress? I find their fitted sheet extremely difficult to put on!
Can I remove one or two of the 2ft sections to make it shorter?
how long does this expand to from end to end in inches? could this be used across a whole room? and is it sturdy enough for a toddler to pull on?
Can the door opening be placed at any point of the gate? Can it be at the beginning of the gate or does it have to be in the middle?
Is it difficult to take off the wall quickly if you want to put it away during people visiting the home?
What do they mean it adjusts over crown molding? Did you have to mount it into the molding? Would it work in spaces that 108"?
From wall to wall I need something to fit 107 inches so this is just a few inches too long. Will it curve to fit that area?
How wide are the slats
Do the panels collapse for easy storage?
I just received the gate today, and can't figure out how to separate the panels. Instructions aren't very clear. Help?
Does the door have a 'stay open' feature?
thanks to all responses !
Can you buy a replacement panel?
Is it plastic or metal
What material it made of and is if plastic,is it heavy-duty or flimsy?
Can you add just one panel instead of adding both?
Can you add unlimited number of panel extensions? What would the diameter be for a 10-panel play yard?
What are the measurements?
does it moves if baby push the panel?
I know the description says works with Superyard Ultimate - is the Superyard XT the same, though? Hoping I could use for the XT?
Does the extension enable you to make this into a square or rectangle?
Can these extensions be taken apart and used on each end of the north states deluxe gate? We have a deluxe we need to extend and cant find any extensi
Can this be mounted to wall to be securely in front of a fireplace?
Can you add just one extension?
Will these extensions work with the Supergate Deluxe Decor Gate? We purchased a 3 panel gate system and hope this will work with that system.
How many removable rods does this come with?
This is a two-panel extension. Is it possible to use just one of the two panels to extend the "North States Superyard 3 In 1 Arched Decor Metal"?
Will these work with the Windsor Extra Wide Arch Pet Gate?
how wide is each panel?
does this come with everything needed to make it a double pump?
What all comes with this product?
I use old-fashioned evenflo glass bottles -- will these pump directly into my bottles, or will I have to transfer?
what size are the breast shields? will this work with smaller nipples?
does the power supply works on 220V country?
Can you get different size flanges to accommodate larger nipples and breasts?
Does this come with a tote bag?
Does anyone know if these pouches are compatible with the "Infantino Squeeze station"??
are they made in the USA or imported? it says both in the description
Do you sell just the caps? We lost one. :(
Are these BPA and BPS free? Or only BPS free?
If I fill up four pouches, how long will the food stay fresh in the pouch?
How strong are the spouts? Can my kids 2-4 yrs old bite and squish them rendering them almost unusable?
Do you have to get the funnel thing, too?
How do you clean these?
Would these work with homemade toothpaste? The consistency is like regular toothpaste just not as firm.
Can you detach the changing table and use it separately? Obviosuly when we convert to todler bed, you cant keep it attached, right?
where can i find instructions online mine did not have any?
What are the dimensions of the changing table and the crib seprately?
What size mattress does this crib require? Also, what type of wood is the frame itself?
Hi, I want to know what the weight and dimensions of the cradle in the box?
Can you use any storage bags or containers???
Will it work in 110V and 220V (dual voltage)?
Does this come with tote?
Is it suitable for Medela Swing?
how do i measure my breast for the breastshield?
Hi, Can I use different bottle for the valve or do I need to purchase medela bottles?
Does this come with connectors? The picture shows them, but they are not listed.
I got a Medela pump through insurance that is not the Pump in Style, but the tubing and faceplate look similar; will this be compatible?
Does this come with the yellow valves that connect the tubing to the motor? Mine keep splitting so the vacuum doesn't work.
Hi, the faceplate on my breastpump looks like one of the ones for this listing but the tubing given to me looks like the incompatible one?
Does this fit thr 8P91 electric medela breast pump. I am trying to make sure I order the right tubing
I have pump in style advanced, it doesn't work at all, suction is very poor. Can I get replacement?
Are all of the parts, including the tubing, able to be steam cleaned and/or boiled?
To what size/age can this tub be used?
How does the shower head fixes to the water supply? Does it have a connection to the faucet in my bathtub? Also, what is the power source for the spa?
Have the battery compartment issues been addressed and fixed?
Can I have some info on keeping the newborn insert clean?
where to assemble the batteries?
Why there bad comments?
do i have to connect it to the water and how
The product stopped right after we bought it (the second part), what should we do?
Do you know if the sling covetr is washable? The headrest on ours smells sour and I would like to get rid of the smell.
Does the mattress support attach to the headboard with metal screwed into metal?
Is there any chance that any one could tell me if I can buy the conversion kit here in Amazon?
I purchased this bed a few months ago. Put it together, now can't find the paperwork for full size adaption. Anyone have that info?
Do I need to purchase any extra materials to convert it to a full size bed? If so, where can I get them?
Is the actual finish just as pictured or fairly similar? I haven't taken into consideration quality of screen displays as well
is this pecan wood and solid wood?
What type of mattress support does this crib have? Metal spring platform or a grid of wooden slats?
Does a standard crib mattress fit this, or does it have to be a Dream on Me crib mattress, as the product description suggests?
Does the rail for the toddler bed come with the crib?
Is the mattress included?
What does the crib convert to? A toddler bed a full size bed a twin bed??? do you need to purchase any additional pieces for the conversion?
Is it a true espresso color? The color on the page looks like cherry -
The picture doesn't look espresso at all, it looks much lighter, like walnut. Can anyone tell me if it truly is an espresso color or lighter?
Can the wheels on the crib be removed, and if so will the pull out drawer still pull out properly with the wheels on the crib removed?
Is it real wood or that particle board crap?
What are the height of the mattress levels?
Does the drawer prevent the ability of having a crib-skirt on? Or will a crib-skirt lift up okay to let the drawer out a little bit?
How many levels/positions does it have?
We are looking to purchase these for our foster home and we need to know how far apart each slat on the sides are
Is there a valve on the straw?
can you drink freshly squeezed juice with lots of pulp from this cup?
Does it leak when lying on its side? Thanks.
what are the dimensions of the bottle?
How easy is this to take apart and clean? I read the other OXO cup (Tot Straw Cup) is impossible to clean &amp; black mold starts to build in the cap.
is the straw hard or soft?
Are these microwave safe?
Has anyone tried these with milk? We have issues with the Playtex ones ooozing milk out the straw when it starts to warm up (it's a pressure thing)
Is the fabric part detachable and washable? Thanks!
Makes a noise when gliding?
Does it swing in one direction (front to back) or two (front to back or side to side)? I'm looking for a swing that has the option to do both.
Does the swing still move well as the baby gains weight? My baby is already 17lbs at 3.5 months and want to make sure it will last
is this portable?
Can the sound be turned completely off?
What is the footprint/dimensions for this swing once assembled? I think the measurements listed are for the box?
Do you have to use a separate battery to get the vibration to work? I have it plugged in, but the vibration does not work.
Does it really turn itself off after 15-20 minutes?
Does this automatically shut off after a certain amount of time?
Can it be used after the child is able to sit by themself?
Is this battery operated only? Or can it be plugged in?
My baby is almost 1 and is 26lbs. Is the seat about the size of a bouncy seat or is it larger? I'm looking for a swing for a taller, older baby.
Can this collapse for easy transport?
What's the footprint size of this swing? (i.e. dimensions of floor space it takes up). Looking for a space-efficient swing for our small house!
Could this be separated to use as a bouncer?
We just received our Graco Gliderand I maybe we are not doing something right but how to you adjus the music volume to a lower setting?
what age is this product for?
Does this swing only go front to back ? Or is there a side to side option as well?
What is the weight and height limit?
how much does the product weigh?
Is there a way to fix the noise? Like adding oil to the motor part? The noise is killing me. . .
Does this swing have an AC adapter?
Is the cover machine washable?
Can anyone tell me the shipping dimensions for this product. Want to give it as a gift but need to know if it is a big package.
Is this safe to use with a baby younger than 3 mos? It seemed to put my 1 mo old's head in an odd position I wasn't comfortable with.
when legs are raised up, what is maximum height of swing....better yet from floor to swing...I can't bend down very far
would this be a good swing for my 3 month old baby boy? and is it easy to assemble?
I would like to use AA rechargeable NiMH batteries with C Spacers for the swing? Does anyone use this? Please share if it works.
Does this come with the AC adapter or do I need to buy seperate?
does the swing viberate only on battery? does it viberate when set on adapter?
Will the Ac adapter work with 220V outlets?
Does the mobile swing in circles with a motor?
Can this be used as a bed? I would like to put it next to my bed to use it at night for the first few months for my newborn.
How long does this last? At how many months does the average baby out grow the seat?
Can a one month old sit in the swing/rocker? What is the age length?
To store the swing do you need to completely take it apart?
Can you remove the carrying handle?
can you ship to india
Does this swing have 5-point harness? removable machine washable parts? a plug in or adapter? quiet motor?
hello can you tell me what is the shipping box dimensions?
I have this swing and my daughter loves it. But I want to know the song list... 10 classic melodies.
Does the bouncy seat have vibration that works when it's not in the swing?
does this automatically shut off after a while?
Can this vibrate while swinging?
Can this vibrate while swinging?
Can this vibrate while swinging?
what is the size and weight of the product in the shipping box?
I bought this just yesterday, did anyone feel that when the swing is ON one support leg goes up by an inch opposite of the direction of the swing??
Does it come with the freshness lid?
Hi, Wondering if this cup still is leak-proof...as often mine don't leak until a few weeks have passed...also does it travel well, packed in a bag or cooler. thanks :)
Is the Wow cup good for a 9 month old to use? Thanks.
can you put hot drinks in it
Is this cup PVC, Phthalate, lead, and cadmium free?
Does the ottoman also have a lock so it won't glide back and forth if locked?
Are you able to rock in the chair while it is reclined?
Does this ottoman include the nursing stool?
Are the cushions/covers removable so I can wash them? Also, is the cushion on the ottoman removable so I can wash it?
what size mattress and crib sheet do I need for this crib.Thank you!
Does the crib come with items to convert the crib to full size bed? Or is additional, if it is how much does it coast?
Can I detach changing table while still using crib for baby?
what are the recommended mattress measurements for this particular crib?
What country was it made in?
What is the actual color of this crib? It is offered in Cherry or Espresso. We have other items by Storkcraft and need to match. Thanks!
Can you tell me the color of the crib?
can you separate the changer from the bed and put it somewhere else in the room?
Does this come with a rails to make it a full size bed
Wich is the size of the box? How many boxes came with the order? And, how heavy the box is?
What is the difference between Calabria and Portofino?
It is different levels for the crib?
Are twin bed rails included
Does this come with the toddle bed rails and the full bed rails? If not where can I purchase them?
Do you need multiple mattresses or can you somehow adjust the height?
What is the diiference between item B00AP2NVE0 and B00AP2NV4A? Besides one picture, both items are the same. However, the price of one is higher.
What is the difference between this crib and the
What size mattress fits this crib?
Does this crib have a chemical smell to it?
can the changer combo be placed on either end of the crib or is it only affixed to the (if facing crib) right side.
the twin pack,including the covers?
Is this bottle made in China?but the Nipples available?
the nipples are Y type??
is the mouth of the bottle wide or narror?
Is the glass bottle heat resistant?
both of the bottles nipples are stage 1?
Does this fit the Uppababy G-Luxe stroller??
Did anybody buy the platinum one? Is it easy to wash?
Does the removable wallet hold an iphone6? Plus some cash/credit cards/ keys?
Does this easily fit a 32 oz Hydro Flask water bottle?
Will camelbak 1L water bottles fit in cup holders? they appear to be roomy. Thanks!
Does this fit on the city select?
Does the platinum one get dirty easily? also, i have the combo cosmo lightweight stroller. will it fit?
Has anyone used this organizer with the britax B-Ready?
Will this fit the city mini double by baby jogger?
will this work on a city mini gt double (wide) ?
Does this fit a peg-Prego double stroller
Does this fit on a wheel chair?
Does this stroller organizer fit well with the BOB Revolution stroller?
uppababy
Does this work well on the Baby Jogger City Select?
What size drinks will this hold? Will it hold a 24 or 32 ounce camelback or contigo water bottle for example? Or a large dunkin doughnuts iced coffee?
will this fit on my valco snap stroller? Does it hang?
does this fir the city mini double? its the 2010 version, so the handle bar is NOT adjustable. Thanks!
does this fit on the Bugaboo cameleon stroller?
Will this fit a 41 inch opening at the bottom of my stairs? I can't find the exact width that it will extend to?
What is the width of the human walk through?
Can you wall mount this?
This will be placed between walls in our hallway with 1" baseboards at the bottom. Will it work when bottom is shorter width than top?
This will be placed between walls in our hallway with 1" baseboards at the bottom. Will it work when bottom is shorter width than top?
Is this easy enough to open that a 4 year old would be strong enough to lift and open it?
How tall is this?
Is this gate easy enough to move from one doorway to another without expending a whole lot of time and effort?
is gate easy to open ?
how far apart are the bars?
Does it have a zipper pocket?
is the clasp magnetic or is it like a button that you can push closed?
Will this fit easily inside a large purse (as opposed to a diaper bag)?
Does this fit diapers, ointment and the wipes at a time?
How many diapers will this hold?
Is this the same changing pad that comes with the matching diaper bag?
Is the clutch machine washable? How can you wash it?
Does it include wipe case or just a pocket to hold it and we have to buy the case separately?
Any idea whether this is bpa, phthalate, pvc, lead, etc., free?
i would like to know how to change the music genres. thank you
How is the battery life? And how easy is it to change the batteries? The description says battery life is 2.5 hours, is that a typo?
What is the recommended age range of this product?
i'm thinking of using this in the car, how does it fasten? is it possible to do so?
Help please...my soother just arrived. It has water in it but it does not actually bubble . Should it? Everything else seems to work but the water
does this have a remote
Do the lights or music slowly dim over the 18 mins (like the sea dream soother)?
Will this mount on a convertible crib where the front (and back) sides have very wide top railings? We have a DaVinci Kalani crib if that helps.
Is this visible in daylight? Wondering if it would be a useful distraction during tough teething times and vaccinations. Thank you.
Mine is only staying on about 5 min. How do you get it to 18?
How wide are the extensions? I am trying to fit a 49-49.5 space.
How wide is the walk through gate?
Can you open and close it easily with just one hand? Do find the opening wide enough to walk through or do you have to walk in sideways?
I read that the gate will automatically shut. Is it possible that it be left open? I have a cat that needs to go thru when baby is sleeping.
How does the gate actually latch when it is closed? I have a dog that has figured out how to open another type of gate that you have to lift to open.
I need something to fit a 64 inch width. Will the pressure mounters expand enough (2 inches on each side of gate) to fill the 64 inch gap?
Can I add the extensions to one side or another so the gate opening won't be in the center?
What are the widths of the extensions included in purchase?
If the pressure stoppers are not connected yet, should the gate and the side still latch together?
How tall are just the metal sides? I need this to fit in a space with a height limit of 30".
Does the unit make noise as your moving the lens? Or pretty quiet? We have a light sleeper. Thanks
Is this compatible with the SEW-3041W?
How does the VOX mode work with two cameras? Does the picture only pop up when there is noise for the camera currently selected? Or both?
What application do i need to download to view the camera?
Is it possible to pair 3 cameras to 2 screens? At the same time?
can I use it with 3036 monitor?
does this work with the Samsung Brilliantview baby monitor also?
We have a Samsung 3038 camera monitor and camera set. Will this camera work with that as well?? They look identical.
How do you get the night mode from going in and out. It is flashing so my screen keeps going black and then the picture comes back?
Is it possible to pin it to the roof? Is there any support or adapter to do that?
does it come with both seats???
what type of car seat does this stroller accommodate?
Is there a weight limit for the stroller? What is the age appropriate maximum for the sit/stand part of the stroller? I will soon have an infant and I have a lazy 5 yea old.
Is the Graco 35 car seat compatiible with this stroller?
What is the maximum allowed weight (of the baby)?
Is this battery operated or can it be plugged in?
Does this include the vibration feature?
How old goes this go up to
Does this have the sound machine included?
Can this mirror still be used if the backseat has no headrest?
What is the size of the mirror?
Can this be used if the rear head rests do not move, with no space to get strap under it?
Can I attach this to a built in head rest in my 2012 Nissan Rouge? It does not lift up to secure around the head rest.
What if you have a headrest that does not lift up that you cannot wrap it around? How can you attach it?
Does it stay on headrest?
What are the different attachement opitons?
Does this rail lifts the matress on the side you put it?
Can I use this bedrail with a crib ?
Will this bed rail work with a platform twin bunk bed using the mattress only, no box spring?
Does anyone know if this would work on a King bed? (With a box spring)
I'd like to order, but am concerned about mattress size...do I need to be? My son's bed is twin and standard issue with short boxspirng. The mattress however, is deep. Will this bed rail still work? Thanks.
Can this go on just a twin mattress on carpet floor (no box springs)?
When folded what is the size? I would use it for travel and need to know if it would be too big for the suitcase
Does this work for a twin bed with slats vs. a box spring?
I have a queen size bed against the wall. If I want a rail for the bottom of the bed and a second for the side of the bed, would this rail work?
i would like to buy this for my queen size bed so that when my grandson visits me, he could sleep on that bed. But i would like to take it out after he leaves. How difficult it is to take it apart?
Can it be used for newborn baby?
Does this jogger and car seat set come with the car seat base? It's pictured in the display but not listed in the description?
Does the stroller canopy adjust 180 degrees? I don't think it does and that is a must. Our Baby Trend jogger does but that front wheel shimmy is super annoying.
I'm a first time mom and need stroller advice! I have a Toyota Corolla and I'm looking for a light weight easy to man
does this come with the car seat base?
At what weight/age do I move the baby from the upper seat (car seat) to the stroller seat?
The stroller colors vary in price. Are they the same or different?
I tried this out in the store and I loved how light weight it was but since it's a jogging stroller, is it good for everyday use as a primary strolle
Is this aircraft friendly?
does the carseat fit into a shopping cart?
Does this stroller recline flat?
Do airlines allow this car seat to carry with us in the airplane?
is this a rear facing car seat
How heavy is the empty car seat alone? One review said it's too heavy? Also is there sufficient cushioning in right places?
does this stroller fit in a trunk when folded, like in a four door sedan (nissan altima)?
A couple of reviewers commented that the car seat is snugride 22 and not snugride 30. Can you please clarify?
I need to know what are the dimensions of thi travel system packaged An estimated volume for calculate freight cost for international shipping
Does the visor on the stroller move forward to shade baby from different angles??
Does this have rubber, air-filled tires ?
What is the difference between the click connect 30 and the click connect 35?
Does this cup have markings for ounces?
Is this made from polypropylene, recycle #5 on the bottom of cup?
does it have the same nipple as the Nuk's Pooh bottle? How fast is the flow?
does it have a lid/cover?
is is spill proof
does the color of the handle come off during hot water wash or steam sanitize?
where are these made?
Is this BPA free?
Is the spout flow slow, medium or fast?
can't find a handle on the side that permits folding. Where is it?
What size is it folded flat?
can this be used for a boy
does the backrest recline or just one position?
Can the seat be set more upright?
Hoping to buy for a large toddler... How many inches from seat back to the tray when tray is in its furthest out position?
Hi, i need to know what is the size of the box.
Is the tray removable with one hand? or do you have to put the baby in first, then attach the tray using two hands to secure it?
Is this good for a 16 month old child?
what colors are in this chair
When using a different nipple (I have Dr Browns regular); can you also use the cap?
What is the maximum oz that it can contain, my girl usually drinks 6 oz milk. I am wondering should I buy the big and long 11 oz instead.
Is this bottle compatible with the Medela instyle pump?
Does this bottle come with the silicon travel cap?
Can this be used in a bottle warmer? We have the Munchkin one that boils water underneath the bottle and uses steam to heat the bottle. Thanks
is this spout leak proof - if the child sets the bottle on its side, will it leak from the sippy part?
Does the sippy spout vent? Wondering if air builds up or if toddler can sip on that spout similar to a bottle nipple?
can it be use for smoothies?
Is this heavy? I am looking for a sippy cup for my 10 month old. I like that I can use his Dr. Brown nipples...right?
Is it hard to clean? Is a fast flow?
Is the spout a soft spout? My three toddlers all tend to bite down on the spouts and have bitten through all the soft spouts we have tried.
does the item bought from amazon include silicone travel cap? because there are not shown in the picture.
I like this product. I don't like that it is manufactured in China. Is there an equivalent product made elsewhere? US, Canada, Europe preferred.
What is the diameter of the bottle?
is this spout leak proof - if the child sets the bottle on its side, will it leak from the sippy part?
Does the sippy spout vent? Wondering if air builds up or if toddler can sip on that spout similar to a bottle nipple?
can it be use for smoothies?
Is this heavy? I am looking for a sippy cup for my 10 month old. I like that I can use his Dr. Brown nipples...right?
Is it hard to clean? Is a fast flow?
Is the spout a soft spout? My three toddlers all tend to bite down on the spouts and have bitten through all the soft spouts we have tried.
does the item bought from amazon include silicone travel cap? because there are not shown in the picture.
I like this product. I don't like that it is manufactured in China. Is there an equivalent product made elsewhere? US, Canada, Europe preferred.
What is the diameter of the bottle?
I own three of these bottles, but cannot find replacement spouts on Amazon anymore... Anyone buy any recently who can point me to them? Thank you.
Is the spout like a straw or more like a normal "sippy"? it looks kind of straw-like.
How easy is it to clean?
Is there a free flowing sippy spout is compatible with this? I want something that eliminates sucking to get the liquid &amp; closer to cup drinking
Does the sippy spout collapse when your child drinks from it? That is happening to us but I'm not sure if it's defective.
Is it a soft spout?
How long does this sippy cup keep the liquid cold?
Is there another sippy spout that is compatible other than the manufacturer's? Thanks.
Does this come with the silicone sleeve, or do you have to purchase that separately?
made in usa or china? thanks
I bought a 11 oz bottle, the box says 11oz but the internal markings on the bottle says 8oz max. am I missing something?
which paint colors, beside green, tend to peel off?
does the item include silicone travel cap?
What grade stainless steel is this? Is this lined with plastic? Does it contain aluminum? Thank you for your help
does this bottle come with the travel cover?
I read that the nipple and ring are dishwasher safe. We have had ours about a week or so and love it, but the nipple is VERY discolored! Anyone else?
Does anyone's Pura Kiki toddler sippy cup leak like crazy? About 1/4 of my milk spills out despite having the sippy spout and metal ring on properly.
While I know that the Born Free nipples fit this product, does the Born Free nipple vent also fit?
It says I can convert it to a straw a bottle but I can't figure out. Any ideas?
Does this fit the pura 4 oz bottles?
Do these fit the Kid Kanteen wide mouth bottles?
Will it fit other bottles? I have Dr. Brown's glass bottles and they are considered "standard" size.
Is this a no-spill spout like other sippy cups have? My one y.o. has a hard time with those, so I'm looking for something that'd be easier for her.
Will these spouts fit the Born Free wide-mouth glass bottles?
If I order 4 spouts (2 sets of 2), will I be charged double shipping?
Does this fit the adult Pura stainless cups?
What brand of organizer will work the best with this stroller?
Can someone tell me why is this one cheaper than this one http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00G...
Will this fit in the back of a Honda Fit? Lots of people have posted online that the City Mini does fit; what about the GT? Are they the same size?
I have the similar question whether anyone has an experience traveling with this stroller abroad and checking it at the gate?
width of each seat?
is this red or grey and red?
Is this the 2014 model? Also, I have a 5 mo. old and a tall 3.5 year old. Do I need to purchase a carseat adapter for my 5 mo.old to ride safely?
How does this stroller handle the stairs on a regular basis? Is it difficult to pull up a set of five stairs?
Will this work for jogging? The name implies it's ok for running.... anyone with experience?
We are looking for a double stroller for our twins that can handle in snow (like a slushy parking lot or sidewalk). How's this do in snow?
What is the weight limit on the dream centre? I am wondering if the baby can sleep in this instead of a separate bassinet at night.
Can you take off and wash the cover on the little bassinet?
How easy is this to move from room to room? Does it have wheels?
Does the main basinet sag in the middle or is there enough support? Looks sunken in the middle on the picture...
What brand sheets has anyone purchased to use on this play yard that fits well?
Would it be a good idea to buy a crib mattress for this? If so, what type/brand?
Can I use a sheet saver or lap pad or some other waterproof layer in the bassinet, and what do you recommend?
Does the changing area fold over the storage compartments if you want to use the bottom playyard but still want access to the changing table?
Did anyone know what playard mattresses fit safely in this playard?. Is it standard playard mattress size?
Does this have seams in between the board in the bottom? Is each individual board separated somehow or do they overlap? Or is it just one big piece?
Do these fit into the infantino fresh squeezed station?
How hard are these to fill without purchasing the "station?"
Did anyone have trouble with their toddler opening the zip bottom? My 18mo old knows how to work ziploc baggies which worries me.
Are these dishwasher safe? Your instructions say to use a bottle brush, but the amazon decription says they are dishwasher safe. Thanks
Could these be used with liquids rather than puree's? say milk or lemonaide...have your kids opened the seal at the bottom?
Are these compatible with the infantino squeeze station?
where are these made?
are they BPA free?
clean
What is the difference between the advanced and the regular orthodontic bottles?
Is this a glass bottle?
what's kind of nipples can be the replacement?
what level is the nipple?
Is the nipple fast? My baby is 8m
&#x8FD9;&#x4E2A;&#x5851;&#x6599;&#x662F;&#x4EC0;&#x4E48;&#x6750;&#x8D28;&#x7684;&#xFF1F;pp&#x8FD8;&#x662F;&#x5176;&#x4ED6;&#xFF1F;
Does this work with medela bags? or other brands bags?
I think the dimensions indicated are packaging dimensions. What is the assembled size of the rack?
Are they reusable?
Would this work well in the fridge and with milk that's still liquid (not frozen)? Or do you think the milk would not lay well this way?
I freeze my milk and baby food into ice cube trays then bag them, could you pull a bag with cubes out of this?
Does it work with Dr.Brown bags?
Does it work with Lansinoh 6 oz bags if i lay them flat?
Is this rack BPA-free? It's made in China so the first thing I'd check for. Doesn't say so anywhere on packaging so I'm inclined to think not.
I am trying to buy a mattress to put into the bassinet. What are the dimensions?
Is it possible to take the legs off and still use this safely? We are restricted in height in our room and I need something without legs.
When the canopy folds down, does it get in the way? In the pictures, it looks like you can't get the baby in or out of the bassinet!
How wide is the actual basket part of the bassinet? (It appears the base of the stand is the widest part)
Do I use the thin pad that comes with this or buy the oval 2" matress that is listed as a "frequently bought item"? Sheet or just swaddle?
Is the color of this truly "blue"? It looks more teal. I'm trying to decide how gender neutral these colors are!
what sheets did you use for this bassinet?
Can anyone please measure the height from the ground to the base of the mattress where my baby will be. Want to compare to height of my bed.
has anyone had any luck DIYing the fold-up cover that zips off? i absolutely hate it and my daughter ends up kicking it down to her face. annoying.
What is the weight limit on this bassinet?
The color in the picture looks like a bright yellow. Is it really green?
What is the weight limit?
What is the height of the bassinet without the canopy up?
how much weight does it hold?
What mattress pad did you buy to replace the one that it comes with? Having trouble find one. Thanks for any help you can give.
is this portable travel type?
What is the height without the canopy up?
I received this as a gift and noticed it says for babies that can sit upright unassisted. Is this not recommended for newborn?!?
What is the maximum baby weight it will accomodate?
what are the dimensions when folded?
what are the Shipping dimensions?
what replacement pad fits this bassinet?
What is the maximum weight supported by this product?
What is the weight limit on this bassinet?
How pink is the pink? Would it be appropriate for a boy or a girl?
I know the mattress in this bassinet says not to put anything in or on it, but surely that does not mean sheets? Do you use bassinet sheets with this
I am considering purchasing this for my 2 week-old daughter because my 22 month-old is a little too exuberant with her sister. Is the canopy sturdy?
Is the bedding pad round? Thanks!
tDoes this take standard bassinet sheets? Thanks!
What is the height without the canopy up?
How does the canopy open and close? Is it something I can do without waking the baby (is it quiet)? Does it fold over? Zip?
What is the height of the bassinet without the canopy up?
can able remove whole things cover of it for wash in case gets dirty need clean up or just the pad can wash only ? i need to know. thanks.
Does it have a gliding base?
Do you need to buy a mattress for the bassinet or does it comes with one?
what size mattress would i buy for it??
What is the thickness of this product?
What is the size of this product?
Hello, I have a balcony with a 4 inch gap between the bottom of the fence and the concrete floor. Would this guard cover the gap?
How do they mount?
Does this pump include all of the accessories (hands free kit, extra bottles) that come with the Freestyle without the solution set?
what kind is the nipple?slow,mediumor fast?
This package contains what things?
Can you please list out what exactly comes with the solution set please? Not very clear. Is it what we see in the photo?
Can you buy a wall plug instead of using the battery? If so, is it stronger plugged in? Also, anyone tried this vs. a full size such as PIS(A)? Tnx
what size are the bottles - ie what nipples are compatible with them?
what is the size of the bag?
does this kit come with nipples for the bottles provided?
is this package include a nipple
will you deliver overseas??? and does it fit for UK sockets?
Is this electrical plugged in or battery operated, or both? Does any rechargeable battery go with it?
Could someone please read the AC adapter and tell me if it will work with 220v? Thanks!
What is the warranty on this breast pump?
Can I used this with 220v or just only 110v?
will the cooler bag fit in the big bag? Or do I have to lug that around separate?
Can the pump be removed from the bag and be used separately? I've heard some of them are attached via velcro?
Is it fairly easy to clean?
what is included in the tote? does it include all items in the photo (bottles, chords,etc)
Is it an extra charge to ship this product to Canada?
What size nipple shields come with the pump?
does it include two 5 oz (150 mL) breastmilk bottles?
hello&iuml;&frac14;&#140;does the package include a drawstring bag&iuml;&frac14;&#159;
does it include Shoulder / Neck Strap and AC Adaptor?
what items are included in this product suit?
220V?
Sure it is not 110V/220V? what a shame if only 110V...
What accessories it contains ?
does it last for a long time? I saw comment and they said it only last them 3 months.
There is no pump in the my package.....cry~~~ just find the accessories..... help me, i am a new mother, i need the pump
Does it comes with breastmilk storage bags?
Hi, will this liner fit the diono rxt car seat? Is it machine washable? Thanks
Will this liner fit a BOB Revolution SE jogging stroller?
Does this fit an infant car seat? I'm getting the graco click connect and would rather use this than a synthetic insert.
does this fit BoB stroller
Is the fact that this is loose-leaf the only difference between this and the bound one? (It's about five dollars less; I just wanted to check.)
Do the calendar pages have stickers for "firsts"? (Similar to those which come with the first twelve months calendar.)
Does this book have pages for each month of life during the first year?
specific spot for hand/foot prints? supply your own ink?
want ''3 ring binder'',yet product photos show bound book? sending direct, want to be sure.
How many pages pertain to showers and pregnancy? I want to get this for my daughter's foster baby and pregnancy information would not be available.
Is the cover 3 dimensional at all? Or is it just a printed pattern?
Is this book a three ring binder, soyou could add pages of your own? Are the pages standard 8.5x11?
Are the pages shiny and flimsy?
Does this book have a sign in page for a baby shower?
Does the calendar give prompts as to what to write? Example: this month I'm beginning to; I really enjoy; I'm not a fan of; etc.
Does this calendar have 12 or 13 months?
Is there a space for a picture every month or just some months?
How many stickers are included?
Is this calendar spriral bound?
Does this product come in a plastic shell? (My previous ones did, which was awesome for keeping additional items with calendar)
Is there a spot for baby's footprint?
Does this book offer all thepages like the other books fo and is it looseleaf or bound
Is there a section to write down gifts received and who gave them?
Does sections for months 1-12 ask specific questions like date, weight, height, milestones, new discovering, sleeping and eating patterns each month?
Is this book loose leaf or bound?
Is this a 3 ring binder or is it a bound book?
Does is have a place to write down the major highlights from when you were expecting?
Is there an area for baby footprints?
Does this have a place for monthly photos?
Is this book gender neutral?
Are there specific "daddy" pages?
Does this book come with storage pockets for newspapers etc.?
Can you replace the picture on the front with your own baby?
is this only a photo album or does it have a place for hand/footprints, likes, family tree, etc.?
I think your description needs fixing...9" x 1115" baby book. I am assuming it is truly a 9x11 or 9x15 book?
What is the difference between this one and the loose leaf book? I bought the little champ one for my son and love it but I can't remember which one
Does it have a spot for footprints in the hospital?
Is the cover picture replaceable so I can put my childs there instead of the random baby one shown?
On the baby shower page is there a spot for guest book?
is there room to write something by the pictures and on the pages does it have the age of the child if so how many pictures can go in each section
Why is this book $523???!!!
Is this a 3 ring binded book so I can add additional pages or take pages out?
Does the book have envelope pages for the hospital bracelet and locks of hair
Does this book come in lavender/purple? I saw a review that someone received it in pink. The picture posted appears purple to me.
Is this a loose leaf album and are there pages for photos? Have you been able to find extra pages &amp;photo holding pages
would these hold a 4X6 picture for an outdoor wedding?
Would these hold a 5x7 card to serve as table number holders instead of placecard holders?
Can these serve as bottle openers as well?
Do you have 100 available to order?
Hi! I am interested in ordering these for my wedding and would need 220 items. What would shipping cost be in this case?
Is it easy to fit the stroller with the carriers through a regular size doorway?
Can the car seats face the same way or do they have to face opposite of each other?
i whant to know is if safe for twins
Can it fit Graco SnugRide Click Connect 35 Car Seat safely ?
My Chicco KeyFit 30 does not snap into one side of the rear frame. Does anyone have the same issue??
Will my britex fit?? :(
Do I need to buy the adapters for Snugride 30 Classic connect?
Will this work with 2 different brands of car seats? We have a Graco Snugride (Classic Connect) 35 and a Chicco Keyfit.
I was curious what type of rain cover people who own this stroller use? There doesn't seem to be one that is made for it. thanks!
I have one Chicco Keyfit 30 and one Baby Trend Infant seat. Does anyone know if I can use both with this stroller?
Will this work with the Graco SnugRide Click Connect 35 Infant Car Seat?
Do you know if this will work with the Britax B-Safe infant seat?
does this fit the Y Maxi Cosi Adapter? We have a Nuna car seat which can be fit to stroller frames with the Y Maxi Cosi Adapter. Thank you
Will this work with a Baby Trend car seat? I know Graco and Baby Trend can occasionally fit in the same items.
Is this compatable with the peg perego primo viaggio 4-35 car seat?
What are the dimensions of the top bracket and also the bottom storage area?
What are the dimensions when folded? We have a small trunk.
does it allow for the Graco car seat to sit front ways?
Will the car seat base fit in the storage basket? Thanks!
Could someone post a picture of it folded up? Is there any way to put the infant seat in the rear seat or is it clipping to the tray in front?
For those who purchased in 2014. The one star reviews said the front seat doesn't sit upright (reclines too much). Has it been an issue for you?
Would my toddler fit comfortably in the Too seat while there's a car seat installed in front?
Does the toddler sit comfortably when the infant car seat is in place? I noticed on the regular ultralight it would seem like the toddler is hunched?
does this fold with the too seat installed?
I have two kids: a 3.5 (34lbs) and a 1 (25lbs), will they both sit comfortable in it? If we go to Disney, very likely they'll sleep in it at the same time, can both seat recline? about what degree? How easy to fold it? Can anyone post a picture with it...
Does anybody know if the Graco SnugRide 30 Infant Car Seat -is compatible with this stroller?
If you use the stroller with the infant carseat attachment won't the carseat literally be in the face of the toddler sitting in the back?
Anyone who has purchasd this on Amazon, does it come with the second seat? Or do I need to purchase it separately?
Has anyone used this stroller with the b-safe infant car seat? I wanted to check others experiences before I bought this online.
Are these BPA free?
Are the zippers easy for toddlers to accidently open?
How do you fill these?
is this microwaveable?
Are these compatible with the Infantino Squeeze Station?
are these pouches made in the USA
are these made in USA
are these made in USA
Which of the attachable spoons made for pouches might these work with, if any?
How many ounces?
Did this carseat come with one base?
Does this carseat come with the base?
is it a bother/difficult to rethread the harness?
Are the nipples slow flow?
Is this product dishwasher safe?
Are they made of glass?
Do the internal straws in the bottle change the color if the milk is to hot - the same way the sensitive tommies do?
Regarding the nipples are there one of each Level? Or are all 3 level 1 and you can buy 2 and 3 additionally? I'm getting conflicting info. Thanks! :)
How are these different from sensitive tummies from tommee tipped? Is this just the newer product?
Do these bottles come with bottle Straw?
Do these bottles come with nipples?
is it compatible with avent pump scf310/20
Does it fit the eletric isis I Q uno model?
Does this work with Medela Harmony Manual Breast Pump?
Is it fit for SCF332/01?
is this fit to SCF312/01?
Will this fit medela flanges that come with pumps?
Is one package have one or two Massage Cushion?
Is it compatible with avent pump scf314/02?
Does if fit the philips avent single electronic breast pump scf302/01? Thanks
Does it fit the Electric Twin Breast Pump SCF304/02? Thanks
What color is the basinet?
What is the quality of the mattress pad? Would I need to buy a separate bassinet pad if I would use the cruz bassinet for overnight sleeping?
what are its dimensions? I need to knowo if it will fit into a rocking stand
if i buy the bassinet for the uppababy curz would i still need to buy any adapter or it will just snap in as the toddlers seat . also what year is this bassinet??
How deep is the front seat?
Is it stable if you have only one child in the front or back?
Are the seat covers machine washable?
Are the seat backs high to support their heads? The pic looks low back
Does a child fit easily in the back seat with a carseat in the front seat?
I have a 2.5 (25lbs) and a just turn 4 year old (35lbs) Is this stroller to small for the 4 year old.
Does it come with a rain cover?
Where do you put your diaper bag? With a 17 month old and another on its way I will need a lot of stuff w me! Is it easy to get In and out?
want to know have sun visor ?
Is this a good stroller for traveling with twins by airplane?
How deep is the front seat?
Is it stable if you have only one child in the front or back?
Are the seat covers machine washable?
Are the seat backs high to support their heads? The pic looks low back
Does a child fit easily in the back seat with a carseat in the front seat?
I have a 2.5 (25lbs) and a just turn 4 year old (35lbs) Is this stroller to small for the 4 year old.
Does it come with a rain cover?
Where do you put your diaper bag? With a 17 month old and another on its way I will need a lot of stuff w me! Is it easy to get In and out?
want to know have sun visor ?
Is this a good stroller for traveling with twins by airplane?
Microfleece is so hot, isn't it? Do you children get overheated in this sleepsack? The lightweight doesn't look warm enough, but is the fleece too hot
Does this product have flame retardants in it? Thank you
Is there really a diffference between this and a fleece footed pajama?
My son is 23 lbs &amp; 32 in. What size should I get him? I know what Halo recommends, but based on reviews I think I want to get him a smaller one.
Does the feet sticking out offset the warmth of the fleece? Worried that his feet will be ice and the rest hot.
I'm considering this product for my 18 month old to see if it will keep her from climbing out of the crib. Does anyone know if this would work?
I'm considering this product for my 18 month old to see if it will keep her from climbing out of the crib. Does anyone know if this would work?
what is the length? My son is very long
How many of these would you buy for a baby?
Hi, wonder what should I wear for the baby when using this. Just a long sleeve romper will do or romper with long pants and footsie? Thanks!
What season is the product for? For what indoor and outdoor temperature?
I have a rapidly growing 15 month old who is 24 pounds and 28 inches. He wears 18 month clothes. Any size recommendations?
Is this sleepsack good for summer?
Hi, how TOG is this sleepbag?
Hi, can anyone please let me know the actual length of the xl size? Thank you so much in advance :)
what do you mean by medium? 24mm? 27mm? 30mm?
Is the kit could suitable for Medela Swing Solution Set?
what size is the breast shield?
Amy idea how many ounces these hold? I was considering buying these for a liquor wedding favor
Can I put oils in these? I am looking to sell my herbal oils in these bottles.. Will the lid/cover hold up?
Will these bottles hold liquid? Do the lids fit well?
how wide is the opening
The dimensions are listed as 2 3/4" h x 1 3/4" x 1 3/4" and 8.1 x 6.2 x 3 inches...which is correct and in ounces how much do they hold?
are the wheels plastic or rubber? Is it easy to fold for going on a plane
Hi can a 4 yr old 43 in tall use this stroller?
What material are the handles made out of, plastic or neoprene?
How far down (inches) does it recline?
Is the sunshade exactly as pictured? Can it extend further to block the sun?
Does the sun shade swivel down or just stay in one place?
Can it recline to a flat position so that a new born can sleep on it?
Taking a Disney trip. Could this stroller be carried on to a flight or gate checked?
Does this recline back, if so is it far enough where my son can rest while on walks?
How to make the seat less unstable?
does it fit taller toilets?
my 3 yr old is of average height. will his feet reach the step so he can be in more a squating position?
My 3 yr old daughter is petite at 10th percentile on weight. Can someone comment on the opening size? Most potty seats are big for her.
How does this seat fit an elongated toilet?
What is the maximum height toilet for this?
how do you attach the kiddyloo potty with step to your toilet seat
Are the front netting and side plastic covers removable?
Is the front cover plastic, or is there an option for just a netting in the front? I would think the plastic would make the inside hot.
IS the seating sling or bench style? Sould it sag to the middle if there are two kids in it ? Or is there a bench that is somewhat hard?
Does this work on mountain bikes
What is the Overall Dimensions (with Jogger kit installed)? My son is tall so I am worried he will be uncomfortable.
I am 6 foot 6 inches tall. Does the hand bar adjust to go higher?
Can you buy infant insert?
will this comfortably fit a 5/6 yr old?
Does this have the mesh protection like for bugs or just the weather protection?
We lost the bolt that holds the bike hitch on. What size would be needed to replace it?
does this stroller folds up?
Is the handle bar adjustable
Is the seating comfortable for riding and or napping. It doesnt look very supported. I have yet to find one that does.
Is the jogging wheel fixed or does it swivel?
How tall are the handle bars from the ground? My husband and I bother are very tall and do not wan't to hunch.
how is this stroller for jogging? I have a 1 year old and 2.5 year old? Does it fit in normal doorways if I jog them to daycare?
Does this have a solid floor or is it a hammock type floor?
Is there sufficient protection from the sun?
What is the weight limit?
How small and easily does this trailer fold up?
do the seats recline?
Is it narrow enough to fit through a standard doorway?
Does a carseat attach for newborns?
how tall can a kid be for this?
Does it attach to mountain bike?
is the trailer very heavy when attached to the bike?
does it fold down
Is the seat elevated slightly above the 'floor' of the trailer such that the kids are in more of a sitting position rather than feet straight in front
Does it fold for easy travel and storage?
How do you close his trailer for transportation?
Is the actual seat width 24 inches?
What is the seated height clearance inside for taller children?
What is the seat width?
What type of seat does it have? Is it a sling seat or a padded seat?
How much does the trailer weigh?
What is the weight of the trailer when configured as a bicycle trailer? I see conflicting answers in the description and previously asked questions.
Does it fold up for easy storage when not in use?
Is this compatible with a Trek bike. I have a 7.2 with a quick release tire. The in-step will not work due to the coupling adapter.
Is the seat a canopy or are there some kind of bars or support on the seat? And is there a storage space behind the seats?
What is the double child weight limit?
Are there any attachments or extra items needed to be purchased
How long will this take to be delivered?
What is the minimum age or weight? Is the 5-point harness help with support, and how good is this for a jogging stroller? Thanks
Does the front wheel swivel?
Does it have helmet mesh pockets and shoulder pads?
will this fit mountain bikes?
Society reaches a new low. Then starts digging. Why?
Can I get one in adult size? With wheels and a motor to run errands around town?
Seriously, is this necessary?
Does it include a gift card to download "Angry Turds" from the App Store?
Does this have interactive games, like Call of Doo-dee?
Is there a tray table attachment so that my kid can just eat, play and poop without ever having to get up?
Does it have to be used with an IPad? Can I set a book , or kindle fire inside of it?
What do kids currently do when they're on the john? Read the New York Times?
Is there an app for wiping?
If the iPad falls into the toilet, will it get ruined?
How heavy is it in lbs?
Is this difficult to steer when using as a stroller even though the front wheel doesn't swivel?
Is this difficult to steer when using as a stroller even though the front wheel doesn't swivel?
I would like to know if people think this trailer tips easily when riding a bike.
Does the front wheel swivel?
can this go from trailer to stroller easily without tools? can you store jogger attachments in trailer when not in use? are the seats sturdy bench?
what type of cover is on the front? Is it just plastic or is there a plastic windsheild and a breathable mesh under that?
Will this trailer attach to a bike that has a quick release? Or is there an attachment that can be ordered that can be used with a quick release?
Can I get a second hitch so we can use it on both of our bikes
Does the seat recline?
does it make noise
does it giggle
Can the battery be replaced?
How big is it?
I am looking for a bath chair for my 8 month old... do you think this would work as a bath chair? Will it stay under water, 6 inches of water?
Approximately what is the maximum age for baby to be able to use the seat?
Did anyone that purchased this notice a very strong chemical smell coming from the chair after opening? If so did the smell fade for you?
Do you use this seat in stage 3 booster or only really used the first 2 stages?
How many square feet does this have in it?
Is it 23 inches or 32 inches tall?
I'm confused why this product is offered on amazon prime, yet says it takes up to 8 weeks to be delivered. How long did it take to receive this?
Are there any extension kits or corner pieces I can buy for this activity playyard?
can I used it in a carpet floor???
Can you purchase the activity center separate?
Do the stickers go on the inside or outside?
How big is the box that this comes in? I need to take it out of the country so need to know if it will go with checked in baggage?
need one for mY 15 months old boy that will last for 2 to 3 yrs. This one or 'Best Choice ProductsBaby Playpen"? which one is sturdier?
good or bad for 14 months and above baby who always likes to climb and stand up? I am afraid he might keep collapsing in this?
Could I install 2 units of Britax B-safe on Baby Jogger CS, using two sets of these adaptors?
Is this just two brackets for either side or does it include the large adapter frame with strap?
Does this adaptor work with the CIty Select 2013 model? I have a city select 2013 double stroller and a britax b safe infant carseat. Thanks!
I have a Britax B safe, would this work for the double jogging stroller (the side by side 3 wheeled one)?
Can the Britax Bassinet be clipped with this adaptor??
I have the city select double and want my toddler facing forward will using these clips for my infants car seat make enough room for that?
is this the right or left side adapter?
Is this the right adapter for the city versa and Britax b safe?
Does this adapter work with the city select mini gt?
can i use this adapter with a graco infant car seat?
Does anyone know the exact measurements? Someone that has actually measured it??
what are the dimensions of the blanket?
The dimensions of this blanket must be wrong. 11X8 inches is the size of the letter side paper. Is this correct? Can someone verify the size?
Description says 11.4 X 8.6 inches, is it really this small ?
what is the difference between Recaro performace ride and Recaro Proride? I see the price is different.
does anyone know if you can fit 3 seats together? I own a Jeep.
We have an Audi S4 and we're nervous that this car seat will not fit rear-facing in the back of the car. Does anyone have a car of similar size?
Does this convert from harness to booster?
Has someone just bought this seat recently? What year was the seat manufactured in?
Hello, may I have the dimension for the package size?
How does this seat fit in Flight? How was your experience
Will this seat fit into the backseat of a Honda Accord (4-door)?
How many inches long is this seat when reclined for rear facing? Measuring from the rear seatback end to the tip of the seat closest to the front
Do all color options of the performance ride use the same fabric material?
Can you wash this cover? My daughter is so messy I need something I can clean easily
Does this seat recline? How comfortable is it for toddlers head when asleep
How is the material? We live in Texas and I am looking for a material that breathes. I don't want her to be all sweaty. Thanks
Does this seat has ISOFIX?
I know it has a LATCH system, but does it also have it a thether?
Harness height
What are the true dimensions of the seat? They list it as 18.5" at the widest point, but what is the actual width at about 2-3" from the bottom?
Has anyone installed 3 of this across on a single seating row?
Is this ISOFIX compatible?
I see some reviews that say the headrest and straps can only be adjusted with the seat uninstalled. Is this true?
different color have different dimensions?
Does this seat come with belt lockoffs, like the Recaro ProRide does?
Does this sit recline so kids can sleep?
Would this fit in a 2003 Honda Civic (4 door) alongside an infant carseat? We currently have a Chicco keyfit 30 which has a pretty wide base, and wil
Will this car seat fits in a 2011 CR-V ? Does it also have Iso Fix fixing system?
Does it have ISOFix system?
does it fit in an airplane seat?
Manufature date?
It is hard to decide which to buy - Performance Sport and Performance Booster. The price is very different. We are currently using ProRide - love it
Would this fit Auti TT back seat?
I already have a convertible car seat and am trying to figure out if this is the Recaro seat I need or just the booster. How does "booster mode" work?
Are kids comfortable if they fall asleep while riding in this seat? I see it can recline some. Does that help?
Rear facing
Is this a good seat for a tall child who is 3 yo and 48lbs and 50 inches tall?
Has anyone used this seat for a 2 year old who is about 25 lbs.? Will he be lost in this seat? Would the Performance Ride be better? My husband wants this one because it will last longer.
Does this seat have cloth head and side supports or are they that wipeable vinyl type material? thanks.
What are the pros and cons of the Recaro Pro Ride (which I own and love) versus the Recaro Performance SPORT? I need to buy another booster/car seat.
I'm installing this in my car and was wondering if the latch system is sufficient or do I also need to add the top tether latch?
How high is the seat compared to the Recaro ProRIDE? Our son bonks his head when he tries to get into his ProRIDE. Is the Perf. SPORT seat much lower?
What is the expiration date for this seat (how many years is it good for?)
Does the cover come off easily? Our son is prone to car sickness and we have had to disassemble our carseat three times in a 6 mont period.
Would this seat be appropriate for a 6 month old who weighs 20 lbs (carseat minimum), developmentally-speaking? He is quite young to be so heavy.
This car seat it is good for Mersedes SUV ML230 ??
Hello Would this seat be a good choice for a 45 pound 8 year old who is 48 inches tall? Or would the strapless booster by Recaro be a better choice?
Will this car seat fit in a mini cooper S?
What year was the seat you received manufactured? Wondering if I will get a new seat or one that has been on a shelf 1-2 years? Anyone have input?
Is it okay to use LATCH when the seat is in booster mode?
Does this car seat recline well or easy for my little one to nap if he falls asleep? How far will it recline?
Does changing the shoulder strap height require rethreading the harness, or is it a sliding system like the Britax?
Someone mentioned the manufacture date of '12, now that it is '14 does that mean it's only good for 4 yr, not 6? How do we know the exp date before buying?
Does this seat have a recline feature when used rear facing?
Has anyone used this for a newborn? What did you think?
Would this carseat work in a mitsubishi galant??
Does this seat have seat belt lock offs?
installation in chevy equinox?
How is the marine color for this car seat? Does it look like faded green?
I love everything but there's hardly any leg room for my almost 31 inch toddler... I don't think he'll rear face past 2... ideas?
Two questions. 1) Heard this doesn't work well for very tall kiddos - true? 2) Does this fit in the middle (backseat) of a 2003 Acura TL-S?
Can the seat cover be removed for washing?
Would this car seat fit level in a 2003 Chrysler minivan? The seats in my van are not very big or level and don't adjust.
Will this car seat fit in the back seats of an Evo X? (2011 Mitsubishi Lancer sedan)
Is this a combo of seat and a base? I would like to leave the base in the car and pop in the seat
Does it support IsoFix or only Latch?
Would this car seat be very easy to take onto an airplane for the child to sit in during the flight?
Has anyone put this in a Chevy Cruze? We want it to go behind the driver, but I'm worried it won't fit. Will seats recline if it's in the middle?
Is this seat good for a 1 year old who is 21 pounds and 31 inches long?
Is this car seat easy to install in a car that does not have a latch system?
What color is shown in the above customer provided picture?
What is meant by "harness to booster"? I am looking for a booster seat.
Can this carseat be rearfacing?
Does it fit a toyota prius?
When do they expire? Live chat with company said they "recommend" 6 yrs. what does it say on seat? I do not want to have to replace.
Is this one FAA approved?
I just bought and received this car seat, it looks wonderful but there where no instructions included. Installation help?
Is this model part of the recent recall ProSport carseat?
Is there any concern with removing the memory foam seat pad? It just slides around and makes my son slouch more.
My concern with this seat is that it doesn't recline much in the rear facing setup so it seems like he is really upright. Can anyone comment?
How well does this seat fit in a small/mid sized car (Hyundai Elantra), in the rear facing position?
Has anyone attempted to take this, specifically the Recaro Performance ride, on an airplane for your child to sit in while in flight?
Has anyone ordered this in the blue (Sapphire)? Is it really blue like the picture? We have a Proride in the light blue and it is more of a purple.
proride
How deep is the seat where the baby sits? Trying to figure out how much leg room he would have.
How many recline positions are there? Can you use them rear and forward facing?
Is the pad washable and is it hot?
How many positions can you put the head rest in?
Is the one you love the yellow one (that looks kinda like a rattle with trimmed ends) - as the page also shows a green one that looks more like a flower.
is this made out of plastic or some other material?
what is the material?
what's it made of?
Does the parent unit beep or sound an audible alarm when the camera is out of range??
Does it have static background noise, or is it silent unless the baby is making noise?
Has anyone been able to mount this camera on the wall? If yes, how did you do it?
When Talking to Baby, how loud is the speaker on the camera?Do you have to be very close to the mic on the monitor while speaking?Is arm-length fine?
Does monitor room temperature.
Is there an "image flip" option when you mount the camera to the ceiling? That way you don't have to turn the monitor upside down?
Hi...Could someone please tell me if this is suppose to be a colored picture with this monitor? Mine appears to be black and white only.
While in Peep mode my daughter is making some noise, but it's not picked up, its loud enough to hear in the hallway however. Anyone else?
Will the monitor screen stay in all the time when not in PEEP mode?
can I see the video on my computer?
Does this item read-out in celcius or farenhiet ?
I'm getting inaccurate temp readings with this. Is there a way to reset? I got it as a baby gift last July (2014) .
Can use in celsius?
Can you turn it off, I have had it just a few days, and I have to replace batteries EVERY DAY! So I have to take out the batteries....................
Is this a no-contact thermometer??
When was this product introduced to the market?
I have one of these Welby's ear thermometers and I don't know how to turn it off it eats batteries
How wide is the crawl through space? Dimensions say 8"..?
how big is the box size for this when this gets delivered?
Is this tunnel open on both ends? It's hard to tell from the photo.
Does this fold easily for storage? Is there a carrying case for storage?
There is no sound, I can feel the wires inside, but haven't found a way to get the sound to work, can you help?
What is this made out of? Thanks!
Can it be folded up easily and put away?
It says 3 languages..does it talk?
Is it washable ? Especially the part of the cloth on the floor.
Do you think a 1 year old would enjoy this?
does this item plug into the wall or does it only run on battery?
It says multi, but does it actually works multi at same time? will I hear sound made from any room or only one chosen?
oes this come with two cameras, or are all cameras extra?
my audio cuts out is that normal only using one camera right now
I bought this monitor set and can't enable the scan mode. How do I do it? Thank you.
Does it come with anything to mount the cameras to the wall?
Is there a 2 way communication feature? Can the parents talk back to the baby unit using the parents monitor?
Can i hear both different rooms too, or do i see both rooms but only hear one room unless I toggle to the other?
If I purchased 2 of these, could all 4 cameras be hooked up to both monitors? That way my niece could have a monitor upstairs and downstairs.
Can you hear audio in split screen mode? I am having twins and am going to have both cameras in one room.
Is this stroller good for tall parents?
what is the recommended weight limit?
Can this be used from 3 months old?
What kind of infant seat brands are compatable with this products adaptor, which I understand is sold separately?
Will this hold a large toddler? at least 3ft tall and 35lbs. I don't want him scrunched like he is in his Umbrella nor his feet rubbing on the wheels
Is there a side that comes up if you don't want to use as a co-sleeper?
What kind of replacement mattress did you buy? Most replacements are smaller than these dimensions.
Do the Arm's Reach leg extensions work on this? How high can the bassinette be made to go?
can newborn sleep in all night?
What is the high of the side that is closer to the bed?
How good are the wheels? Is it good for moving around the house?
Does this model adjust in height or include leg extenders?
Does it come w a mattress? If so how thick or thin is it?
Do you have to attach it to your bed or can it just be close?
What materials are used for this cosleeper, besides wood? Does it smell, like the other arm's reach plastic co-sleepers?
What is the complete prayer that the bear recites as there are different versions of 'Now I lay me down to sleep.... '
How does one activate the prayer please?
Does the gund baby say the traditional prayer "Now I lay me down to sleep, I pray the Lord by soul to keep. Jesus guard me through the night and wake me in the morning light.
How do you change the battery?
How long does it take for this item to ship? I ordered one 5 days ago and it still says "preparing for shipment"?
this takes 1-2 months to ship ??????
Is this suppose to come in a box or some kind of packaging?
Are the batteries replaceable?
what size is it?
what size is it?
I have leather seats and my car seats leave terrible impressions in my seats. Will these cover help prevent that?
can this seat cover be rolled to store when not in use? i need one that i can roll or fold to a small size so i can stor it when not in use.
Does your seat protector have a burnt plastic smell when you first get it? The 2 I got from Amazon and another store has this smell even after weeks.
Does this fit well in second row captain seats? Some reviews said it's a bit wide.
my seat belt receptacles are in the bottom of the seat &amp; want to use this in the middle.will this block block access to them/will I have to bend this?
Will it work with a Chicco key-fit?
Does it fit a Honda CRV
I like to use these for my older to kids to sit on WITHOUT car seats. Would the grips be uncomfortable on their "rear-ends"?
is it compatible with isofix?
Does this work with any car seat? does it fit honda pilot?
Are the arm rest, front bar or back for the head padded? Energetic babies may wrestle around and bump their heads, so does this help with that?
Can this fit on a high chair that has a higher back board?
can this also be used in shopping cards?
Can this cover be used on shopping carts as well?
Could this double as a bucket swing cover?
What is the fabric made out of? Is it plastic? Is it BPA-free?
Are there straps that act like a seat belt to keep the baby from sliding around?
What age is this appropriate for? I have 15 month old twin girls who love to ignore me while walking around.
What is the size of the backpack?
Do you think it will fit my 32 lb 3 year old over a jacket?
how long is the tether?
Would this harness and backback safely fit a newly walking 8 month old?
Do the side storage areas have elastic tops to accommodate different sized toddler cups or water bottles?
I have a short, chubby little 16 month son. He weighs almost 35 pounds and is 30 inches tall. Would this fit him?
will this fit a 4 year old
Is this good for s 1 year old and also how long is the rein?
Has anyone's child been able to get out of this independently? If so, with what ease/difficulty and how quickly? My 2 y.o. son is like MacGyver.
The dimensions are incorrect
Has anyone tried installing these on the back seat to protect the seats for rear-facing kiddos?
My front bucket seats (2003 Jeep Liberty) do not have removable headrests. Will these kick-mats still work (just looping around the narrower top)?
I love these kick mats but I have a 2005 Honda Pilot EXL &amp; the top part fully extended will not fit around the headrest of the front seats. Ideas?
Does anyone know if they fit a 2015 Honda Odyssey?
DO these kick mats have pockets for storage?
what is the size?
Is the bottom strap noticeable/visible on the front seats?
Hi, I'm trying to buy this for my car. My car seats have handles on the back. I was just wondering how these will fit with the seats handles?
Do these fit an Acura MDX 2014-2015?
Does anyone know if it is possible to attach this to a backseat that has no headrest and no room for a wrap around?
Has Brica listened to the concerns about not having an on/off button on the remote and done something about it?
My car seat is in the middle but the headrests are on each end, does this swivel so the It can see my baby through the rear view mirror
Can you have 2 of these in the car at once for twins? Would the remotes work?
Are the lights bright enough to see the baby in the dark?
is it possible to have lights without sounds?
remote controller is not working at all even after putting a battery. what should I do?
Will mirror work on a headrest that is not movable? Mirror strap will need to attach horizontally around headrest- is this possible?
description says the controler can control the lights but I have seen comments that it only turn on music and volume, which one is it?
Will this work if you have the car seat in the side seat instead of the middle? Can the driver see baby in the mirror?
Can this be fit in a luggage to take it to other countries?
Is it machine washable and dryer compatible ??
&iquest;What is the name of the store?
How long is the battery life?
Did anyone find this more/less useful than a swing? Or do most people have both? Live in a small apt and trying to save space...
What songs does it play? I can only identify 2 and would like to be able to sing along with the baby
what is the heaviest it will hold
I just got this swing and it BARELY vibrates, as in, with no baby in it you have to look very closely to see it vibrating at all. Is this normal?
I will like to buy this product but I would be traveling with it on a plane. How much does it weight ?
be disassembled to carry on luggage?
Does anyone use regular trashbags with this product? If so, which and how?
Is this the type of pail that "twists" after each addition?
Can you use cloth diaper bags?
Do you have to push or smoosh the diaper in to get it to go in, or does it drop in easily? I'm worried about pushing a full/messy diaper in.
Can this pail be used for bagged dog waste in an area that has ony weekly trash pick-up?
How many used diapers does it fit?
how tall is the entire thing?
How often do you have to change the bag?
How is this model different than the one that was indicated as discontinued?
Could this be used for scoop kitty litter?
Are the stripes on the French stripe pattern grey or light blue? Thanks!
Can you fit a standard size water bottle in the insulated bottle pockets?
does the moby wrap fit inside?
how long does the bag hold up?
How is the changing pad that comes with this bag? Would it be necessary to also purchase the matching changing station?
Can this bag be worn as a backpack?
Does the french strip design have any interior pockets?
Where could you store a sippy cup with this bag? In the front pockets? Or only the hidden (insulated?) pockets?
Does the main compartment has a zipper or magnetic closure? Does the 2 front pockets have magnetic closure?
Is this washable?
My husband and I are rather tall, so we're wondering when the handle is adjusted to its maximum, how high is it from the ground level?
What is the height limit? My daughter is 40' tall wanting to make sure she will be comfortable.
Can you adjust the canopy 180 degrees to block baby from sun/wind when running?
Is it green and beige or grey?
Is this a harness seatbelt? If so does it have the option just to use the lap belt (no shoulder straps)????
Does this work with Baby Trend Flex-Lock Infant Car Seat?
Is this compatible with Graco snugride classic connect car seat?
will a chicco keyfit 30 lock into this stroller or does it just rest in it?
Some people are saying this does not fit a twin bed. Is this correct?
is it good for king size bed? and if not then which one can u recommend?
Will this work on a bunk bed?
The fold down side does not stay tight againt the mattress. What am I doing wrong?
Another question! Can i use this in a full size bed without a box spring? Thanks
I just got this beautiful Summer Infant Sure and Secure Double bedrail. Can you put this in a full size bed mattress??
Will these work on a queen size mattress?
is it good for a full side bed?
We are thinking about putting the mattress on the floor with these side rails, will that work?
Will this work on a mattress that rests on slats and not a box spring?
Does the seat cover remove for washing? What chemicals are in the fabric?
Does the hood (sun shade/canopy) move at all (can I adjust the position) or is it secured in the position shown in the picture?
Does it lay flat for the baby / toddler to sleep?
According to some websites this stroller is around 11 lbs and according to Amazon it is 14lb. Which is it?
does the triuph have a carry strap
The desciption says a minumum child weight of 30 pounds. Has anyone used this for a much smaller baby?
How many positions does it have? A friend of mine told me 2, but Amazon says 5. Thanks!
My daycare only allows buggies with small wheel diameters. What is the diameter of the wheels?
How long is the stroller (folded)? I want to know if I can put it inside a bag when I travel
Can I use this with stroller links?
What is the actual shipping box dimension? I need to know how big the actual product box is.
Can newborns ride in this stroller?
Does this recline?
Does this stroller come with the rain cover?
Does it grip well on a chair with a padded fabric seat?
Is the fuchsia chair all pink (the photo shows some sort of purple ombre thing happening on the sides and back). Thanks!
Is the 8.8" dimension for the high back part of the booster? Wondering how tall the arm rest dimensions are??
What exactly does it help with?
I only have the pouches. Will this still be helpful for me in filling my pouches? Or do I need to have the filling station for it to be useful?
Would this work for filling the Infantino reusable keeper pouch, without buying the Squeeze Station?
What is the width of the spout?
How many ounces does it hold?
What is the chunkiest type of food that you think will work in this? 1-Oatmeal? 2-star pasta? 3-smoothie fruit? 4-small diced soft veggies?
Can you unscrew the top so you can fill it in with like a spoon or a funnel? In other words, can I use it without the squeeze station?
What material is this? It looks like silicone, but I didn't see anything in the description other than it being BPA free.
Is it clear? can u see if your little one is finished? has anyone used this compared to Beaba Babypote ?
What is the mouthpiece made of?
Can you put them in the microwave?
How many parts does it have?
Is it easy to clean? I saw that it was dishwasher safe but does it actually get clean in the dishwasher?
Will the choome cap fit on this? how many do you reccommend having? i currently have the disposible infantino pouches and a filling station.
Can you clip them in without using the shoulder straps and just the waist strap?
Does this swing fold easily? It looks as though it takes up a lot of space
Does it come with a detachable remote? The control panel looks as if it comes off.
Does this swing have time settings? Or can it run continuously?
Does this has soothing vibration option?
Does the AC adaptor work with 220V (international) outlets?
Input 110-220V?
Anyone have one with quite a loud grinding noise? Replaced one which kept stopping &amp; got one a lot louder, wondering if I exchange again
noise
I'm so confused. Do I need a rocker, a bouncer and a swing or does this rocker replace the 3?
What's material of the frame? Plastic, metal or both?
Is the seat back made out of padded fabric like their bouncers or does it have more structure to it?
What's the size of the box this is shipped in?
Does it come in separated pieces? If it does, will the pieces fit in a travel luggage?
Is this BPA-free? Does it have any safetly certificates such as JPMA?
Does it one has music?
Did your newborn nap in this? Did it provide enough support?
Can a toddler fit into this rocker comfortably?
How long do the batteries last? Do you need to change them too often?
I have a large toddler,has anyone found the hole too small? Anyone have the dimensions of the hole? He's got a big bum.
Is it easy for toddlers to get on and off by themselves? My granddaughter uses a Bemis child/adult built in potty seat at home and can do it by herself.
is it soft or the same plastic feeling like the regular toilet?
Will it fit to the size of our toilet? It is 14 x 15 and the hole is 8 1/2 x 9 1/2.
How is the splash guard for boys? It needs to be tall and not let pee up and over.
What type of plastic is the material made from? Recycling code? I am concerned with PVC, Lead, Phlatates, Cadmium, etc.
Will this fit a round Toto seat?
Is the splash guard smooth or does it have lip or edge? I have read about boys getting injured by splashguards if they get up too quickly.
is the shield tall enough for boys--does it fall off very easily?
How quickly does the seat attach? I'm looking for a portable seat to take out and about with us, as our 18 mo old now signs when he has to go!
What sort of inserts come with these? If I am to buy extra, what size would be best?
I have read that microfiber smells from the urine...do these and also that they get a rash because they are so absorbent.
Do these come with the inserts and everything I need?
Are these Freetimes the most updated version that BumGenius offers?
Can I use a liner with these to easily remove poo? Also, what do I need to do to condition these/break them in?
Do these diapers do a great job wicking moisture away from babies skin? My daughter's skin is very sensitive. Thanks!
Can I dry these in the dryer?
Do these really fit from newborn up to around 2 years of age? I don't want to buy something that isn't adjustable for all sizes
Hi. Is anyone using these with inserts? My son is a heavy nighttime wetter at 19mths old and i am trying to get the best cloth diapers for him.
are ths one sizenfit all?
I have a 17 week old. Do you think this would work for him? He can hold his head up and just seems to be bored in his Bumbo.
My baby is 8 months old and 18 lbs will she fit in the inner seat? can the tray be used without the inner seat?
Is this fairly easy or even possible at all to lift with baby in it? Looking to replace his bouncer chair that I carried from room to room.
I was given the seat but not the tray, I need just the tray? Any suggestions?
can this also be used as safe tub set for toddlers?
Is the tray big enough to fit a baby plate and is it good for feeding when the baby first starts solids
Daughter is almost 7 months, not crawling yet but pulls to sitting in her bouncer so we know that's done. Is this a good place to sit her to play?
Is this Made is USA? It says that on this site, but on other sites it says Made in China? Can someone confirm which one it is. Thanks
Is there a difference between this model and the "infant" model?
What is the recommended age for this product?
Would this fit into a suitcase for air travel?
What type of batteries does it need?
Does it contain any chemicals, like BPA, lead,etc.
how long do the vibrations last? until you turn it off or is it on a timer?
how do you get the batteries in that plastic piece? do i have to screwdriver it open?
how do you get the cover off to wash it?
My baby is 4 months 12lbs and 23 inches, will this accommodate his length?
What is the weight limit on the napper?
where do the batteries go
Is this compatable with the 02000Z monitor?
When adding a second camera, can you hear the audio from both cameras at the same time? Like, if we used this for a second baby's room, we would need to be able to monitor the sound from both rooms at all times without having to switch back and forth....
I do have the Summer infant baby touch boost monitor. Will this camera work if my current model is # 28810? the headline states #28810A
In the title of the ad says it's for model 28840, but in the description of the ad says model 28810. It Works with both models?
Will this work with the boost system that has the software update? Also known as 28810A
Will you see two screens on the monitor with 2 cameras or do you have to switch back and forth between rooms?
Does this work with the regular Summer Infant baby touch system (the non-boost version)?
Can I use both glass and plastic bottles in this product?
Do you wash the bottles first with soap and then put them in the sterilizer? Or do you just rise the bottles well and then put them in the sterilizer
does the steriliser come with bottles?
Can it hold 9 oz bottles?
Are these panels lined?
Do these curtains have ring holes for the curtain rod where is shows the curtain rod or is the curtain rod hidden by the fabric?
Do these curtains block out much light when pulled shut?
The length is great- however I need each panel wider. Do they come in other sizes?
the item description says blacvk
Is this for a completely gray Chevron or is it the white with the chevron insert?
stores that sell Graco AFFIX Backless Youth Booster Seat
I just bought a 2014 avalon..toyota..and I can't find any kind of latches??? How else can this be anchored??
does it have it a latch system?
is it correct that the shipping weight is only 3 pounds?
Hi, my car have a latch system but back, are the front straps I see in the picture the lach system?
Is it required for safety reasons to use the latch system on this backless booster? or can you opt not to use the latch system?
Hello im trying to buy de graco affix backless youth booster seat car davenport ( black and grey ) but picture in the announcement missmatch?
is it correct that the shipping weight is only 3 pounds?
How wideis this seat? Can I fit three seats in teh back of my Sonata?
what is age and weight?
Does this come in full size?
What is on the reverse side of the quilt of the carter fire truck toddler bed set?
Is this a twin size?
How big is the frame? Can I use it for my 16 months old daughter or is it just for new borns?
and i want to know how to use this product?
I would like to know if you can hang this frame and/or put it on a table?
Is this deal include seat?
Is it include seat?
How does this stroller do on sand with a child in it?
does the 300 price include the two baby seats?
What is the open dimention of the cart itself without the handle? And what type of material are wheels made of?
Does this crib really have a horrible toxic smell? I really love the design but does it really smell that bad?
Does standard crib bedding fit this? Just ordered it not sure what size bedding to get.
Is it JPMA certified?
whats the size of the box? I am going to have it shipped to Philippines and I need to know the size of box. Thanks.
Is this crib Lead and phthalate safe /Non toxic finish?
Does this bed come with the toddler rails and full size conversion kit?
What color is this crib? is it white or cream?
what size mattress do i need?
Does the product that arrives from this order fit the Summit X3? It says it does in the title, but the canopy is pictured with a different stroller.
Are you able to have the seat fully reclined when using this rain cover?
can i use this on baby jogger city mini gt 2014?
does this work with the summit xc?
Does the cover provide much warmth benefit in colder weather?
Does the rain canopy work with an infant car seat attached?
Title says x3 single but product description says it's for double summit. What is right?
What car seats does this adapter work with?
Does this adapter work with the Summit X3 Jogging stroller?
Does this adapter fit the City Mini Double stroller?
Does this adapter woke with the peg pegero 4/35??
Does the adapter need to be removed before folding the stroller?
Does this adapter work with the City Select stroller? Getting the City Select stroller with a second seat (having twins). . .
Does this work with the Graco Click Connect Car Seats?
Does the adapter work with the britax b-safe infant car seat?
Does this adapter work with the Chicco Key fit?
Does it work with Baby Trend carseats?
Does this adaptor work with a Britax car seat?
My adapter is not sliding to the middle with the red bracket flipped up. Did this happen to anyone else? Is there another trick to get it to work?
How far does this hang over onto the other seat? Will my 2 yr old still fit side by side or will the car seat be in her way?
Do this adapter work on the summit double with a britax b-safe car seat?
Does this adapter work with the 2010 model year of the City mini double seat stroller?
Can you use two adaptors at the same time?
Will this adapter work with a Baby Trend infant car seat?
How does the width of this impact the sibling sitting next to be baby? From the picture it looks like it protrudes into the other seat?
Does this adaptor work with a Gracco car seat??
Can a child tray fit on the other side when the car seat adapter is on?
does this adaptor work with a chico keyfit 30 car seat?
Does this adaptor work with a Peg Perego infant car seat?
in the description it states this fits the city select, does it?
How to install it correctly for Chico key fit 30 car seat?
Is this adapter compatible with the 2014 City Select model?
Does this come with one or two brackets?
I'm a little confused, does this make a single stroller become a double stroller where my toddler and newborn would be able to use one single stroller
I'm having twins I just want to be sure all I need is to purchase one, correct or do I need to purchase another bracket?
Does it work with Graco SnugRide 30 Infant Car Seat?
Have City Mini GT and am looking to get either a Graco Click Connect or Chicco Keyfit. Is this the adapter I would need? Anyone have one of these?
does this price includes Mosquito Net , Rain Cover and a cupholder?
Is manufacturer warranty included?
it is compatible with the maxi cosi car seat?
Hi There, just a few question: 1. Does it come with a rain cover and mosquito net? 2. What is the total weight of the product? 3. Is everything gonna be packed in one box, if so what is the dimension of the box
Is it good for the new born baby?
want to use Graco car seat with scoot, which adaptor I should purchase?
Does it come with the cup holder?
Are the handles height adjustable?
Anyone tried it in snowy conditions?
What is the youngest child that can ride in this stroller?
I see many people have complained about the wheels...it that problem fixed or still going on? If I order now will I get the one without any problem?
How much does this stroller weigh?
Has anyone used this stroller while traveling to europe? How did it do on the cobble stone streets?
does an infant carrier snap into this stroller?
Is there really a big difference between the 2013 and 2014 UPPAbaby G-Luxe models, other than the obvious price difference?
Hi, do the front wheels lock straight to help with going over a little bit of grass/gravel/park like terrain?
Does it have a carrying strap?
Does this model come with a rain cover?
hi, my boy is about 42 pounds tall and 43 inches tall. Would this umbrella stroller fit him? Thank you so much. Any info will be very appreciated!
Can you fold it with one hand?
does this stroller recline far enough to support a 3 month old who doesn't sit up on his own yet?
I'm 5'10" are the handles tall enough to walk without hunching over?
Does this stroller come with a shoulder strap for carrying?
Does seat recline far enough to make diaper changing possible?
Does anyone know how long the crotch strap is? Im looking to purchase this since my Chicco lightway straps r too tight for my toddlers thighs
can the handle bar be adjustable for taller person.
What is the actual weight of this stroller when carried?
Can you let me know the differences between this version and the 2015 version? Thanks
Does it come with a warranty? Thanks!
How would this stroller do on cobblestone streets?
Have anyone successfully fitted this stroller into a ford focus? And were you able to put in a checked luggage as well? Thanks a lot!
How well can you maneuver the stroller with one hand?
Does anyone know if the wheel issue has been fixed? I have seen several reviews about them squeaking badly.
would this work for a trip to London with an 11 month old in December? does it fold easily for gate chcek?
Has anyone found a good travel bag for their G-Luxe stroller? I'd prefer not to spend an additional $50 for the uppababy version.
How do you adjust the timer for the rocking motion?
Which specific standard bassinet sheets did you purchase?
does this come with a mattress?
Is there a time limit on the rocking motion? As in, will it rock the baby for several continuous hours without mom/dad having to do restart it?
Anyone have toddlers who tried to crawl in? Would it tip over?
None of the standard bassinet sheets fit the mattress. They are all too small. Has anyone found sheets that actually fit? If so, which brand/kind?
is it possible to remove the bassinet from the frame to put it on the floor/crib/... ?
Does this bassinet rock on its own? If yes, how long is the rocking cycle before it has to be restarted? Also, can the music be silenced while rocking
Does this come with a remote control?
Does anyone have a video they can post to show the auto rocking motion? We bought the Simmons Soothing- didn't realize we had to manually rock it.
What is the difference between the Pinnacle 90 and the Frontier 90?
A new safety modification for the lap belt is in place on models manufactured after 7/17/14. What are current "manufactured on" dates being shipped?
I've seen some people say that the fabric of the Britax Frontier 90 is not machine washable. What about the Pinnacle 90? Is it washable?
Has anyone used this for an almost 3 year old weighing about 30-35 pounds?
Has anyone had an experience with this seat in an accident? How did the seat hold up?
What is the manufacture date on your carseat if you bought it in August-September 2014? I want to know if Amazon is shipping "fresh" carseats. Thanks
Can I install this in my Toyota Highlander 3rd row seat if it doesnt have the LATCH system? I HAVE to have either an infant seat in the 3rd row of my
When using the Britax Pinnacle 90 in harness mode, can you simultaneously use the LATCH system and the ClickTight system?
will this fit in 2 doors mini cooper?
My son is about to turn two, and is not small at just under 30 lbs. We still have him in the infant carrier seat (but he is about to be too big), and we were thinking about skipping the convertible seats altogether and moving straight to this. Does...
Does anyone find that harness is hard to tighten? I am looking into getting a booster car seat and want one that is easy to tighten.
Does this also have latch?
Tall children and the harness - any height restrictions for harness use?
hi there, may be a silly question. my nephew is 25lb but he is only 1year old. Is it possible to use the seat or it has to be a 2yr+ child?
Does anyone know if you can purchase one of those car seat rollers (usually something you'd want to use for air travel) &amp; use it with this one?
will this car seat fit into a 2007 Toyota Corolla?
Will it fit in a Prius?
can this install on the sedan 4 doors car?
Can a child sleep comfortably in this seat? It seems too "upright to me" and I am afraid the head will be wobbling all the time.
I know it holds up to 90lbs in harness mode. However, I cannot find the starting weight. How much do they have to weigh before transitioning to this?
Does the booster seat detach from the high back harness?
Has anyone ordered in Desert Palm recently and what was build/manufacture date? Just want to know if they're shipping the updated version or not.
I am considering this car seat but have an older car without LATCH. Is the top tether required when securing the car seat with a seatbelt?
is there a newer version of the Frontier 90? Britax website does not indicate, but Amazon does. Does the Desert Palm show dirt?
Does the beige part of the fabric feel like a coat or ski jacket material like some of the other ones do?
Does your child's head slump over when they are sleeping in this seat? I read that their is a recline position that helps with this?
Easy to clean?
Anyone have issues with the car seat cover constantly unhooking from the bottom and riding up?
Can I take this on an airplane? Thanks
Does the booster seat detach?
Can a 13 month old use this car seat?
Is the center strap long enough for boys to be comfortable in the seat?
I just bought this. Does anyone know how to loosen the harness? I pressed the lever and tried to pull the harness but no move at all. solution?
my child still gets carsick even at 3 years, how do I wash the cover as I can't just wipe it clean, the smell would linger horribly!!
Britax Frontier 90 &#x441;an be set in the middle (center) of the rear seats? Or only the sides? For children of any Strength (weight) that chair?
What is the difference between the Frontier 90 and the Pioneer 90?
Frontier 90 vs Pinnacle 90 ...which is WIDER, especially across the top OUTER dimensions? Looks like the Pinnacle is MUCH wider? Which do you like more?
Does this seat come apart and convert into a seat/bottom booster only?
What is height limit
Can you use the five point harness on kids over 30 lbs? Or must kids over 30 lbs only use the seat belt?
I bought this for my 8 mth old, but though he was sucking, he didn't seem to get any liquid out. Do you need the orange bit on the inside?
how many months can a baby use this? 5?
Is this BPA free?
Are the straps hard to tighten?
Does the 5 point harness have a very long belt? Worried my son will quickly outgrow it. Can seatbelt be used instead of harness if that happens?
is the cityscape an old version compared to the manhattan version?
whats the difference between this one and the G1. 1? Is this one last years model? Thank you!
Can we use the latch and the seat belt together for more security? or are we supposed to use one?
can it be used as booster seat?
Are people still experiencing problems tightening the harness straps or has Britax addressed this problem?
I see the product dimensions are listed, however What are the shipping dimensions in inches before I purchase this to make sure it can be shipped?
Will this fit in a midsize sedan?
What does it mean by opened box? Is it a new carseat just that the box was opened or damaged?
what difference is these bottles than the animal pattern ones? only the print is different? or the size of nipples are different?
Is the bottle made of glass?
my baby is 4 month old and I am not sure if this good for her or not?
Does the 10 oz comes with fast nipple?
Can these bottles be attached to the medela breast pump?
Can this item mail to China?
Do these bottles come with tops/caps?
This bottle comes with cap and volume measures (ml) milli-liters? What volume in ml of these bottles?
The bottles are in glass?
when the bottle is on its side or even nipple downward, does it leak/drip?
what is the mfg date on the ones shipping from Amazon right now?
Has your child ever complained that the seat wasn't comfortable? My friend's daughter complains her butt hurts after a while. They have the older one.
is this seat better than all the rest?
How many years from the date of manufacture is the expiration date?
I just ordered this seat. Someone who has bought this really recently, what was the date of manufacture? Thanks!!
Anyone install one of these in a 2008 Prius? How'd it fit?
Can this seat be buckled into a middle seat using just a lap belt?I'll be using the harness but want to know if the lap belt will secure the base well
I have this carseat and I'm wondering if other parents/grandparents have the problem of the child being able to reach over and unclasp the seatbelt?
I have a hard time tightening my child's harness when she's seated. I pulled in all angles &amp; it's still really difficult. Is anyone else experiencing this?
Oddessey owners - will this seat fit on one side in the very back row or will it only fit in the middle?
how old chirldren can use it?
would someone please clarify for me what the width and the depth are? (at the widest and deepest points) thanks!
latch system?
one more! does this carseat fit into a mini cooper?
If I purchase this, will the unit that is shipped have a manufacture date after 7/15/2014?
how to install when in booster mode (without harness)? Can I use the latch and the click tight? The manual says don't use the latch with the harness if child is over 40 lbs. But doesn't mention how to secure the seat to the car when using the booster....
Would this seat fit in a suzuki swift (2012?) Urgent response required!
We can't seem to tighten the harness with our child sitting in the seat. Does anyone have a solution for this problem?
how young can a child be to start using this car seat?
is this the most recent model?
Does this have a nipple or a spout? The picture shows a spout off to one side, but the one I saw at a local store had more of a nipple in the center.
Is it BPA free? Safe or not for dishwasher?
Does this sippy cup come with a cover/lid? It doesn't show one in the picture and I would like to use it for traveling.
Can this be sterilized in a sterilizer?
is this bottle glass or silicone?
Is this one or 2 cups?
Does this come with a cover?
Is it silicone top?
Is this technically considered a cup or a bottle? Pediatrician said to put away the bottles, and this one kind of has a nipple so I was confused.
Did anyone buy the Britax safeguard clip accessory after IIHS (Insurance Institute for Highway Safety) did not give the Frontier 90 a best bet rating?
Does this seat recline?
My five year complains that this seat hurts his back. Does anyone have a similar issue? I think because seat does not recline enough.
Must you use the seatbelt or may you also use the latch system (tether to seat)?
Is there a trick to getting the harness straps to tighten?
Anyone have any tips to keep the should belt from tangling when used with the seatbelt? I'm at my wits end with it tangling every time it retracts.
Do kids fall/flop forward when asleep in shoulder harness only mode?
Has anyone used this seat for airline travel? How easy/difficult was it to carry through the airport and install in the airplane seat?
How does this seat compare to the Frontier 85 SICT?
If I buy this item "open box" is the car seat still in original packaging and brand new?
What age is this for?
Does it have a cap ??
Does it have measurement markings?
For what ages is this sippy cup good for?
Do we get faster flow nipples ? My son 12month old likes this cup but gets tried working hard.
Can you boil this?
is this made in the USA?
bpa free?
How does this product attach to the bed?
What are the dimensions of the mattress?
What is the mattress made of? Is it non-toxic?
How much weight can it hold? Baby up to 20 pounds? 30 pounds? 40 pounds?
Does this fold up like a pack n play?
Anyone get the mattress un-stinked, or cover mattress w/ something to block smell? I want to love this thing but worry about the smell/gases. Thanks!
The measurements say 34 x 11 x 10 inches. Which portion is the height? My bed is 23" tall, so will the mattress of the cosleeper align w/ my mattress?
what does the "arc" mean in the title? i see on the arm's reach website their description of the arm's reach original... but not the "arc"...
If you are laying in bed, can you slide the baby in and out to nurse? Or do you have to pick them up? Defeats the purpose if you have to sit up out of
Is the mattress included?
I see the product dimensions are wrong compared to manufacturer's website. Can someone please tell me if the correct measures are 39" x 25" x 32.5"
Does anyone know if this is the same size/dimensions as a pack n play when using as a playard?
Does this Co-Sleeper attached to the bed, so it can be properly secured?
Other than the physical dimensions, what is the difference between this one and the "Ideal co-sleeper" model?
will be this good for my twins for the first 3 months?
What is needed along with this Co Sleeper? I already bought the "Ideal Arch Co Sleeper", but am curious about a few things: 1. Is the mattress waterproof, or do you need the mattress cover? 2. Do the "Co Sleeper" sheets that you buy separately fit?
is the mattress of the co-sleeper at the same level as our mattress when it is connected? Or is the co-sleeper mattress offset from adult mattress height?
What is the weigh limit on this? The convertible aspect is nice, but how long would it last for a growing baby?
Can this be attached to the bed?
Is the top edge of the drop down side flush with the mattress ,so you can slide baby in and out? Or is there a lip you have to lift baby over?
Does this product include a mattress or a comfortable sleeping pad?
When the liner is removed, is there mesh siding so baby is visible? What is the point of the liner?
What age can you use this up to ?
Does this fold up easily as a travel bed?
does it comes with the two meal supporting rope underneath the mattress?
Is the width 20"?
does it come with 4 wheels or just 2 as shown in the picture?
If I need to get replaceable fitted sheets, what size am I looking for? I'd like to have more than one.
Is the color more brown or pink? The description says Toffee, so I would think it's more brownish, but every pic I've seen of this color seems pinkish
I read on the description that this is only 9.5 inches wide, that doesn't seam possible. What is the exact width because I am very limited on space.
Is this light enough to carry up and downstairs? For co-sleeping at night-time, beside bed; and to be in living room during the day?
Is the mattress pad waterproof or do I have to buy the waterproof pad for it? Thank you
Will this be large enough for twins
At what "height" is the baby sleeping? Is it adjustable so that it is even with the adult bed?
Will this work on a full sized sleeper sofa?
Will this work at the foot of a twin bed with box spring and mattress? I have a grandson who tends to turn backwards on the bed.
To clarify about my bunk bed with a bunkyboard (no box spring), the mattress sits down in the rail and I can't tell if this will effect the install
does it work on twin bed without box spring?
Is it really all white or does it have printed logo and other safety warnings on top?
How does it fold down? Do you need to engage/disengage clips to put it up and down or is it a "lift and fold"
can this be used with a convertible crib
can this be used with a convertible crib toddler bed
Will this work on a travel trailer bunk that has a mattress pad only?
Does this have the bars that stick up on the opposite side of the mattress? (Sorry I couldn't tell in the pictures) I need one without it. TY!
Does it have shoulder handles like a tote?
Does this have stroller straps?
What material is this made out of? One picture looks like canvas and another looks like a vinal
Does anyone know the measurements on the shelving space? I'm checking to see if they make baskets that fit in them.
Are the drawer pulls removable? I'm thinking of replacing with a different knob...
What are the top two shorter drawers useful for? And the open shelves on the right? Why not just 6 regular drawers?
Does the Chocolate finish of this changing table match the South Shore crib which is Espresso finish? Difficult to tell from the website
What are the dimensions of just the section that holds the changing pad?
Does anyone know the measurements on the shelving space? I'm checking to see if they make baskets that fit in them.
Are the drawer pulls removable? I'm thinking of replacing with a different knob...
What are the top two shorter drawers useful for? And the open shelves on the right? Why not just 6 regular drawers?
Does the Chocolate finish of this changing table match the South Shore crib which is Espresso finish? Difficult to tell from the website
What are the dimensions of just the section that holds the changing pad?
Does this work if the car seat is rear facing?
Does this work well with the Graco Snugride 35?
Has anyone used this along with the radian angle adjuster?
Has anyone else been advised against installing this seat protector underneath an infant seat from a certified NHTSA inspector due to its thickness?
Does this work just as well in non-Diono car seats?
Does this melt into leather seats like the summer infant one? Has anyone used them for a while in a hot state?
Can this be used in a three-across setup? (Three of these and three Diono car seats). Does it fit, or is there overlap?
Does this back seat cover work well/stay in place when used with the Diono booster seat?
What are the dimensions of the seat bottom portion?
Does it fit in the middle of the rear seat?
Has anyone had problems with this product staining tan leather seats?
I have sand color leather seats. Will the backing of this come off and stick to the leather in the summer heat?
What is the width and depth of the horizontal seat piece of this protector?
Can this be used without a car seat or booster seat? I need something to protect the seat.
can I get two of these to make it an exact replica of the summer infant double bed rail? would two of these snap together like the double bed rail?
Will this rail fit a convertible crib but still allow the child to get out of the bed if needed?
Has anyone used this on a convertible crib? The type where you remove the front to convert it to a bed (toddler sized mattress).
Will this work for a full sized bed? I want to purchase two of them, one for each side.
I have a built in bunk bed (mattress sits in a wooden frame). Would this bedrail work for me?
Will this rail fit a day bed? It is the normal twin bed size.
Will this bed rail work for a bunk bed?
Has anyone tried using this on a king size bed?
Will this work on a convertible crib with no box spring? Our crib has a flat solid panel with a mattress on top.
If I buy two, can I use them both on either side of the bed? I need two as the bed is not against a wall.
We have a bed that is wider than a twin yet narrower than a full. We were told at the store it wont work even if it fits a queen that is even wider
can this be used on the living room sofa?
How does this rail system secure to the box spring and/or mattress?
Can you use this rail system with a couch in a trailer that has a hard bottom with storage ?
Would this work ok for a slatted metal bunk bed? Looking for something for the top bunk.
Does the side fold down?
Is this made of metal or plastic?
Would this fit on a King sized mattress with a box spring?
will this fit a crib mattress?
Will this work with the mattress on th floor?
What are the dimensions of the bumper?
Where can I get an extra fited sheet that is just like the one in the set?
Can I get the sheets in Mini-crib size??
Is there any grey in this at all? Reading the reviews it seems as though what may look grey in the pictures is in fact green but i'm not sure. Thanks
Where did you get the owl/tree decal that's on the wall?
What are the paint colors on the wall?
Are other accessories for sale too?
Would I be able to fit three Graco Size4Me side by side? (Honda Pilot) What about fitting two of these in with an infant car seat?
what car seat base goes with this?
Is it well padded? Some of the graco I've seen at the stores have very thin cushion,
Would this fit down an airplane aisle on a seat cart?
How well does this seat fit rear facing in a compact sedan? Will I need to push the front seats up into the dashboard?
What is the height limit for RF and FF? I can't seem to find this info anywhere.
Is it safe to use on an airplane? Does it have the approved sticker from the FAA?
do you have to have a rolled up towel, or some other kludgy thing, to get the right angle in RearFacing position?
What do you think about the fabric used in the Aires? Baby hasn't used it yet but it seems a little rough.
Can this car seat be used in a rear facing position?
Does this project on the wall or ceiling if it's attached to the crib? If we have high ceilings, will it worth it?
how big is this product? Can we place it in a diaper bag or purse?
can this white noise machine run non stop till I turn it off or only set with timer?
On average how often do the batteries need to be replaced if this is used every night for a full night's sleep (approximately 7-8 hours)?
Can you play a nature sound and a lullaby AT THE SAME TIME? Also, does this come with a power supply to plug in?
How difficult is it to remove it from a crib and use free-standing? We travel a lot and I'm looking for something on crib at home, but to that removes when traveling...
I have this and I can't get the lights to stay on. Is it just me or do they go off after a few minutes?! I do not put the timer on.
Is this item battery operated as well as plug in to electric?
Currently I run a bathroom fan which is close by, is it as loud as the bathroom fan would you say or volume isn't all that great?
can this product stay on all night long? or does it have to be on a timer?
Why isn't the indie twin available here in Lotus Blue or Lotus Pink, even though Amazon is listed as an "authorized retailer" of Bumbleride?
Can you ship to New Zealand, if so, how much?
My sister has an older bassinet and snack pack from her Bumbleride. Will they work with this model?
Which year model is the black stroller you are currently offering? is it the latest one?
Is this a 2014 model that is being offered at this time?
I will be having twins soon and wanted to know if 2 Graco Snugride 30 car seats will fit on this stroller?
wich year model is that stroller?
Does it come with a Graco carseat adapter? Will it fit my Graco snug ride 22?
Will this accept one peg perego primo viaggio 4-35 car seat?
Will the Mico AP car seat fit when using two car seat adapters?
Is the handle bar adjustable for taller parents?
Is this the newest model stroller?
Are all four tires the same size? I'm looking to replace the inner tubes.
Does it have an upright seat position for older children? Or it's reclined?
Can you use this as jogging stroller?
Does this stroller work with 2 car seats? I'm having twins so I will need it to fit (2) infant car seats
Does this have an automatic lock?
Will this fit on target and costco carts, which are bigger than your average metal grocery store cart?
Is this cover also useful for restaurant high chairs?
Sorry for such a dumb question , but is there an opening for the baby's legs ? I can't tell by looking at the picture or reading any of The reviews.
Is it machine washable?
does it roll up nicely enough to fit in a diaper bag?
My question is regarding the grey &amp; white version of this item...I can't tell if the trim color is pink or brown? Brown seems weird with grey, is it okay in person?
Can the cover/fabric be removed and washed?
Does this seat provide neck and head support or would you recommend purchasing an additional head support cushion to keep little one's heads still?
Is this FAA approved?
The car seat arrived in an unmarked box. Is this typically the way car seats are shipped? I expected a box with the mfg. logo at the very least.
How do you loosen the harness straps? They are snug for snowsuits. Someone said press down and pull out. Press down what button &amp; where? ty
Does the headrest make it hard to be able to look out the side windows of the car rear facing?
Des this one have a adjustable recline option?
Has anyone put a newborn in this seat?
Is this car seat airplane compatible?
What is the weight of this seat?
Is the door panel the same width as the other superyard panels? I just want to swap it out without otherwise altering our current configuration.
Can I deploy this in a zig-zag manner (with extra panels) to form a free standing barrier to block a 144" driveway?
these doors open OUT from, not INTO the play space, correct?
Does this gate extension fit Playyard Model #8666? What is the North States model number?
Will this fit on the superyard xt?
Has anyone purchased this as a "replacement" for the gate that came with their playyard?
what are the dimensions
Does this come with a rain cover or any other accesories?
Hi there, If i order this today could you tell me when i would receive it? thank you
how much does this recline?
Hi terr, i live in Brazil but next week i'll be in EUA, if i order this today when i would receive it in Miami hotel code 33160.Tks
Hi there, could you tell me what year this Volo model is?
Does the Triumph rain cover fit on the Volo?
How tall is this stroller?
the seat of the stroller is adjustable??? Can you move it back??
Does this cover all carts like Target carts?
Is it a pain to carry into the store (due to size) or difficult to attach to cart?
What are the measurements of the device pouch?
Can I use this on a high chair as well?
Does this work on restaurant wooden high chairs?
2 questions: can you remove the supportive side pillows for an older child? Is there a seat belt to strap the seat cover and baby to cart securely?
Is the brown strap a part of the cover or is that the strap on the buggy?
Will this cover a highchair as well?
Does this fit Target and Costco shopping carts?
Is it machine washable?
Does this come with two pumps, or do you have to buy the second one seperate?
Does this come with bottle(s)? If so, how many ounces are each of them?
Can you change the both the cycle speed and vacuum levels in both modes (letdown and expression mode)?
Do standard Medela bottles fit on this?
How do you double pump? There weren't any specific instructions or adapters. There are 2 holes in front but one of is covered with a tough cap.
Does it work with 220 V power supply countries like India?
what is the voltage power? is it 110v or 220v?
Does this pump have to be plugged into the wall or can you buy a battery pack separately/does it take batteries?
Does anyone have a picture of the tote and accessories that are included with the S2? Thanks!
Do any other brand bottles fit this pump? I am only going to have 2 bottles come with my pump and im trying to find extras, but they are hard to find
Does it work on carpets
Does this walker fold 'flat' for easy storage?
Does it fold up for storage
Can the baby move around easily in the walker, can it move sideways (in order to turn)?
Are the toys on the tray removable?
Is this walker easy for the baby to walk on meaning being able to move around? I have read some are not and are just stay in one place. This should be to help the baby walk.
Can we replace the battery
How tall does your baby need to be to use this walker?
Do the grip strips slow it down on carpet?
can you replace batteries in it?
I washed these and I can't get the water out. It has been over a day and I have tried every way I know to get it out? Any suggestions?
Does it come with a case around the nipple?
BPA free?
What is this made out of? Silicone?
Will this work on "Knob types" of faucets? All of mine are the kind that you twist to turn on and off and I wasn't sure if the clamp would fit.
Can kids turn the water OFF with this thing?
Has anyone tried this on a single-handle faucet, where you'd pull down to the right from 12 o'clock to 3 o'clock, and the hot/cold is back/font?
Is this product suitable for newborns?
What size is the wet bag? Is it more of a travel size or one that I can use between washes? Thanks.
does this product come with all the parts to the diaper including the outer shell? it's hard to tell from the description.
Why does the description have the word New in quotations? These are actually brand new, right?
Is this the all black as in black frame???
Is there a combo that has 2 seats vs 1 seat and 1 bassinet? I don't want the bassinet =/
I have a toddler and new babyDo I need to purchase the duo extension kit or does this include everything for my needs? (Like the picture?)
Other than another bassinet and seat for the second baby, what should I buy extra? Duo extention kit and another fabrics for sun canopy and bassinet?
Does it come with two conversion seats and basket?
if this is "Complete" does if come with the fabrics and campy for the bassinet and sun canopy?
Does anyone know what's the lengh of the Bugaboo Donkey in duo or twin mode?
Can I use this as a jogging stroller?
Does this include everything needed for the donkey duo? Will be used for one toddler and one infant.
How does this stroller fold? Do you need two hands or one?
Does the toddler seat recline?
does this stroller have an auto lock ? is it easy to stear one handed ? is there really no way to put a car seat on it ? or have you owners figured out a trick ?
What is the minimum recommended length (height) of child to use the toddler seat?
What are the dimensions of folded stroller?
My husband and I are really tall. How high can the handlebar be adjusted to (from the ground to top of the bar)?
How does the brake work? Is it a foot or hand brake? thanks!
Just wondering how 'all terrain' you have found this to be? Is it smooth on gravel and rocks? Can you take it jogging &amp; have it handle some big bumps?
I would like to know what are the exact dimensions of the bassinet ( length / depth/ width) inside. Please share that information. Thank you.
i am very disappointed . i hv just baught this stroller set last month for 350 $ and now its 260 $ i almost paid 90$ extra. very bad
Can you install this gate without the foot pedal and just use the hand control?
How do I purchase the extra pieces needed to expand to 45"?
Will it work well in a 41" opening? I think it would need the 8" extension and tensioners extended to 3.5", will it still be secure?
what is the measurement between the bottom oif the gate and the top pressure mounting pad
what is the width of the actual door part that you walk thru?
Does this gate have an option to stay open?
The top opening width was 41.5 bottom 40.5 will the extension work in my opening i have base molding
Is this gate made of metal?
Can this go outside (and stay there?) I am looking for an outdoor option for the top of deck stairs.
Is the foot pedal made of metal? Is it sturdy?
Is the camera wall mountable?
How clear do the sounds baby makes come through on the parent monitor?
is there a big heavy thing on the a/c cord? (our old levana had one)
can you just leave this plugged in through the night, so it doesnt run out of battery?
This product is 110v or 220v?
would this work for elderly people
When unit is muted/volume is all the way down, can you still see the video on the screen?
Does this monitor have a room temperature sensor on it?
Does the parent unit have volume control/mute?
Does this monitor have a VOX mode. In VOX mode the parents unit remains absolutely silent until the nursery unit picks up enough noise, and turns on.
I bought one of these recently, but it somehow came without instructions, etc. How does it fold? I can't seem to figure it out (and feel really dumb)!
Does this come Unassembled? I'm active duty and there are restrictions on the size of packages. The box cannot be bigger that 29" around. Thanks
does this chair recline back?
I see the weight limit is 50 pounds, but is it really stable enough to last a couple years?
how does this chair fold up
How narrow is this chair when folded? Wondering if I can store it beside my fridge. thanks,
Does this have a lot of padding in the seat? Thanks!
What type of material is the seat pad? Are there flame retardants used on it? Thanks.
Is there an extra car seat base for this product?
Does this come with the car seat or just the car seat base ?
Does it come with the slots on the car that that u can put onto the top of a shopping cart?
Can you purchase an extra base?
Is this one hand fold? Does this come with a parent tray?
Dimensions when folded?
Can anyone tell me how this folds up? Does it fold flat or like a regular umbrella stroller?
CAN THIS BE USED FOR MY BABY BOY
can you remove the cup holder from the child's tray for more leg room
Does the tray come off?
How does this roll, especially compared to the $20 Umbrella strollers?
Would this stroller fit in the airplane upper-storage?
I'm 5.10 and I feel hunched over with other umbrella strollers. Can you walk upright with this contraption?
Would this stroller fit my 4 year old who's 43 inches and 38 lbs?
Recommended for Up to what weight of child?
Where is the adapter that lets you dual pump. I got mine in from Amazon today and couldn't find the adapter anywhere in the box. Does it come with it
Does the milk go through the tubing like in the medela?
Where is Spectra Baby made?
Can you use other brands of tubing with this pump?
Can you use the hands-free Simple Wishes breastpump bra with this pump?
Which parts of the pump should I wash after each pumping session?
Can you use breastmilk storage bags with this pump instead of the bottles?
What size flanges does it come with?
Can you use any other brand of bottles with this pump?
Is there a car adapter that can be used to make this pump more portable for travel?
Does this fit the iphone 6?
Would this work for the Samsung Galaxy S4?
Does the screen protector still sensitive to the touch of babies fingers or lock the screen?
Does it work with Samsung Galaxy note 3?
Does it work with the 5C?
Does this fit I phone 5?
Does it work with the iPhone 5s?
At what age can I start using this with my baby? I'm a first time mom and expecting in December. Thanks!
Will this tip over from rough play? I have two big boys (9 month old twins, 22 and 21 lbs).
Has anyone else had a problem with the crease down the middle of the mattress? Despite many attempts, I cannot get the mattress to be perfectly flat.
Does it come with the case?
Would this work for a 3 month old to take on a trip to visit grandparents out of state? We'll be flying.
someone please tell me what size is the mattress? and can I buy a thicker one to put inside the bottom? like a 3 inch or even a mini crib mattress?
I'm currently sharing space with baby and she's getting too big for her rock n play - would this be a good option for a regular sleeping arrangment?
Is the mattress soft/thick enough for an extended trip? We need to use it for three weeks.
Can I put a mini matress into the crib?
Do you need to purchase an additional mattress to use this crib for an extended period of time, including overnight?
Does this fit an IKEA crib?
Do you have a length / size suitable for the side rails as well?
What is the outside covering material made out of?
Is that suitable for bugaboo bee 3?
Does this fit the baby jogger city select stroller and seat?
What is the size of this product when bugaboo bee is packed?
Does it fit the infant car seat and stroller base?
can i use this bag for my Cameleon stroller ?
I have a stroller wheel board. If I detach the board wheel, will board fit in transport bag with the stroller? From photo it may fit in top portion?
Has anyone used this product for the older version of the Bugaboo - Frog? The Frog is the previous version of the Cameleon.
Did any of you use this bag to pack up your Bugaboo at gate check (as opposed to checking it when you arrived at airport)?
Hi will the Donkey in mono mode fit into this bag? Thank you!
When using this with a Bee, do you need to remove the wheels of the stroller?
Does the bag fit the bugaboo donkey frame including the two seats?
Does the bag fit the Donkey mono and one Maxi Cosi mico infant car seat?
Is this bag checked-in as oversized baggage?
Does it work with other strollers, like the City Mini GT?
is that bag allow to me take it with me in plane ??
is the stroller protected from bumps and jarring? we want to take our bee on a 10 hour international flight.
Does the bag fit the bugaboo buffalo bassinet? If so, how much hassle is it to get it packed?
does it fit the graco pack and play???
What sheets fit this Dream on Me5" Spring Coil portable crib mattress?
DOES THIS FIT GRACO PACK N PLAY?
What are the actual dimensions of this mattress? The listing says it should fit a 38" x 24" crib, so is it actually a little smaller than 38" x 24?
What materials are it made with? What is the waterproof exterior? Is it vinyl/PVC?
Does anyone know if this mattress fits the DaVinci Kalani Mini Crib?
I just bought the Dream on Me Aden Mini Crib (amazon). Will this fit?
Is the size 23-3/4"(600mm) by 37-3/4"(960mm) ?
How thick is this?
does it fit the babyletto origami mini crib??
Does the milk go through the tubing at all? Will I need to clean the tubing, is my main concern
Is the pump removable from the bag? The product description says the pump is "integrated" with the "all in one bag".
I was going to buy a breast pump until I realized that I can get one for free through my insurance. Is this pump as good as the Medela Pump in Style Advanced? Is the tote kind of ugly?
What kind of car adaptor do I need to get for this pump?
Is this a closed system? Can I buy this used without risk of bacteria from previous user transferring to my milk?
What accessories would you recommend to buy with this or are non necessary?
Does this use the same tubes and breast shields as the Symphony and Lactina?
can i use 220v
Can u tell me what are the input and output voltage of this ac adaptor that comes with package? I don't know what to buy 9 or 12 v.
What type of replacement tubing does this pump use?
Does the cameras picture shut off after 4-5 minutes (like a screen saver feature)? If so is this feature able to be adjusted or turned off?
Do cordless phones (landline--not cell) interfere with this system?
What is the working range from monitor to the camera?
Does this monitor "pan" as well as zoom?
Does this have a private connection?
Does the battery need to be replaced often? I got mine 3 months back and no matter how long I charge it the battery shows dead. Is this a defect?
Just got this and it's only showing green and purple colors? Like really old school night vision. Thoughts?
Can you turn off the volume, but still have the screen on?
can the receiver show video when charging?
We have had ours for 4 mos and now the image is all blurry and very unclear....it was never dropped or anything. Hasn't been moved even?
Has anyone had trouble with the wheels rolling straight on this model as others have had with previous Bumbleride strollers?
Does the canopy have a Velcro or magnetic closure for the peekaboo window?
is the baby can sit up or its like lil bit lay back recline??
When you have the carseat attached to the stroller can you still use the canopy?
Is a tray included?
Is rain cover, cupholder and car seat adapter bar included? I see on some websites they are - what about amazon?
Exactly how long is the branch? I am looking for 36 inches across.
What color does this come in?
I had a big problem with this purchase, since the wall limpe paste the following day it was all destroyed on the ground as it hit everything everywhere, was made as material ball
can i have it in reverse or mirror?
will this stick to my wall? My wall is textured thanks for any answers i would REALLY appreciate it
The description doesn't say what length extensions are included. Can I make it work for a 53" opening?
How wide is the swinging part/door of the gate?
Does the top and bottom of the gate lock?
can you mount it with screws or is it just with pressure? safe enough for top of stairs?
what is the maximum width of this? I need a gate for a 64" opening.
I have 2 openings (41 inch and 57 inch) I was thinking about purchasing 2 and use the extensions to make them fit, any thoughts?
What is the spacing between the slats? Are they close together?
I need this to fit a 39.5 inch wide opening. I can't tell from the description whether or not this will fit.
what color is this gate?
Does the gate close automatically?
What is the size of the tub? Is it big enough for a month boy swimming?
Is it really slippery? My twins have out grown the baby bath I have, looking for a transition, it's struggle with how much the move around now!
how do u inflate the tub?
Is this big enough for an 18 month old?
How do you fill it? It does not look like it would be able to go under the faucet at any point
Would this work for a 7 month old that can sit up but still needs some support? He has outgrown his infant tub!
Does this have a drain?
I received the machine already.But I didnt receive the diaper bag.
Does it have detachable cord on the unit itself rather then at the charger? I wanna be able to unplug it from the unit and taking to a different room.
Is this BPA free?
Compared to" the prince lionheart warmer, what are your thoughts? Several reviews about the prince being a "fire hazard" Is this as well????
Does it fit cloth wipes? If so what size?
How does it work? Battery or plug in
Is this unit using batteries or AC power plug to warm the wipes?
does it work on battery??
Can you use any brand of wipes with this product?
Does this only come in blue or green? No color option specified. Which one will be shipped to me if I buy it? I prefer the green warm glow.
Can someone please tell me if they have used this car seat rear facing until the child was two years old? If so, was the child comfortable? This is what the pediatrician recommends, but my friend said it was impossible for her child because the child's...
Will this seat fit in a sedan?
does thos seat recline?
I have a 2004 F-150 SuperCab, (bench seat, but not 4 full size doors. Has anyone installed this in something similar?
Is this car seat easy to install? If i have to move from my car to another car often, is it easy to install?
Is this easy to put in different cars
Is this a no rethread harness?
can you buy extra bases separte
I have a 2001 Toyota Camry that does not have the fancy and easy car seat attaching pieces. Does anyone know if this will work in that car?
What is the difference between the Graco My Ride 65 LX, and the DLX?
What is the difference between this and the LX model? I can't seem to figure that out other than price.
Would it fit rear facing on a Hunday Santa Fe, leaving enough leg room to the front passengers?
Does this fit in a 2010 Honda Civic? Probably behind the passenger side.
Does this carseat fit well in the center of the backseat of a VW Jetta, without having to adjust both front seats too much?
Is this seat easy to install in a car without LATCH?
How does this fit rear facing in a smaller SUV? My current Graco Snugride 35 is too big, but the Chicco 35 is fine....
Does anyone have experience using this seat in hot weather? How is the fabric?
Can it be used for a one month baby?
Is it removable (transferable) from its base?
does this recline
Hi, my boy is just on 40 Pounds and we want to go to Disney, so I need to know if I can use this stroller? Thanks.
Does it have a clip to lock it in place when closed?
My grand child is 32 pounds average height, would this work for her, strickly as a seat to ride in while she rests, not looking for a napping stroller
good day i need to know the action case where the car will be sent for estimating the cost of freight in venezuela thanks
Hola quisiera saber cuales serian las medidas de la caja donde enviarian el coche, lo necesito para calcular el costo del flete aqui en Vzla
Could a tall person push this stroller comfortably? My husband is 6'1
Does it need any assembly?
29 x 15.3 x 36 " How about that dimensions? is in operation or when we receive the box for delivering?
Is the canopy adjustable...So it can be moved up and down to block the sun in different positions/for different height kids? - Thanks in advance!
What is the shipping weigth and packaging dimensions?
Can you attach a different mobile to the arm?
Does it spin on its own or only if you wind it? How long does it last once it's wound? Can you take off the brown plush covering on the arms?
Does the mobile come with the attachment clamp arm?
What is the difference between the NextFit 65 and the NextFit CX?
is the seat cover removable for cleaning?
What is the difference int this seat and the Chico Next Fit Covertible Car seat?
What is the difference between this car seat and the Chicco Nextfit?
This seat feels very comfortable but it looks like kids might get really hot in the summer time. Any overheating issues anyone?
can this base be used for a chicco key fit 30 infant car seat??????
what are the height limits on each seat position?
Till what weight limit can this be used by babies?
can the nextfit be used with a stroller?
is this he new one that you can remove the shoulder pad strap?..coz the model number is the same. just wanna make sure before i hit the buy button. TY
Any problems applying these on freshly painted walls?
have anyone try on flat paint?
What are the dimensions for packaging and the total weight?
Is the vinyl really not repositionable? Anyone who bought the vinyl wish they had sprung for the fabric for an extra $20?
does it work with semi gloss paint?
I just ordered this. I pray that the description is correct and that it IS a 4 piece set!!! How many people ordered this and only received the bumper?
it says 4 piece set many people say they only got one the bumper I hope this is not true or I will want my money back IS THIS A 4 piece set ?thank you
i just order this it says comforter dust ruffle crib sheets and bumber included am i getting all 4 pieces .
what items come with this product?
Does it have the LATCH straps or do you secure it with with the seat belts? I see it has some sort of base. Is this a detachable seat?
Is the cover for this car seat able to be removed and machine washed?
does it have a reclining feature?
Is this seat appropriate for an infant
Can I plug to 220 watz?
Is this camera easy-to-install adjustable wall mount?
You product description shows this model having a remote pan/tilt feature. However, the chart in the description shows the MBP 26 does have it.
can they hear you
When used with multiple cameras, does it cycle automatically between cameras?
Range - Walk across street?? Interference - Can I carry my WiFi iPhone and Monitor at same time with no Interference issues?
How many cameras does this come with? I have one already it came with 2 cameras and one interactive monitor but this one does not state?
can this unit be taken out to the yard with a good signal
Does the handheld devise have a rechargeable battery or do I have to use the replaceable kind? What's the battery life on it?
Does it has night vision, can I see the baby in the dark?
will this fit a 6 year old base?
is it FAA approved ??
Is it possible to change the fabric? Someone bought us one with pink flowers but we are actually having a boy!
My 3 month old grandson's head hangs forward when he falls asleep. My daughter flipped out and I don't use it anymore. Any ideas why?
Is this the type that will fit the Graco DuoGlider Classic Connect Stroller, Dragonfly
Does the carseat come with a base
is the base included with this carseat
Can it be used without the base?
Why do the technical details say children under 4 months should not be carried in this carrier when it is advertised for newborns?
what is the expiration date on this car seat?
The regular Nautilus transitions to a backless booster. Does the Nautilus Elite do that as well? I presume that is what 3 in 1 means?
is it worth the extra money compare to the regular Nautilus 3 in 1 ?
Can it work with isofix seat?
what is this item's manufacture date?
If this seat can be shipped to Canada, it would be safe to trust it has been certified to "Canadian standards", carrying the CDN National Safety Mark?
can the seat be put in backwards
Are the Graco Nautilus car seats being sold today (Feb 27, 2014) on Amazon come with the new (non-recalled) buckles?
Is it under recall?
Does this seat has a latch system?
its the seat washable?
will this fit in the trunk of a ford focus hatch back?
Will this click connect stroller accept the classic connect infant car seat?
Hello - can anybody tell me if this will accept a Peg Pergo infant car seat? thanks
Does the face time rear seat really recline? I have looked at these in the store and can't figure out how to recline it.
Will this fit in the truck of a toyota camry?
Is this comfortable for taller parents to use? I'm 5'9 and my husband is 6'4...
is this can be reversible?
Does this stroller connect with the snugride click connect 40 carseat?
Will this click connect stroller accept the classic connect infant car seat?
Has anyone used the rear seat for an infant? I see the weight limit is "up to 40lbs", but nothing about a minimum weight/age.
whats the difference between the nautilus and the nautilus elite?
Is Nautilus Elite have Three-Point Latch System?
Why does it take AT LEAST 3-5 weeks to ship? What are the manufacturing dates of these (ie. do they fall w/i the recall dates)?
Are there different slots for the crotch buckle?
Does it go rear-facing?
How many years does this seat last before it expires?
Does it come with the improved buckle?
Can I buy an extra base/booster seat for this car seat?
Does any have an issue with the width adjustable headrest? What are the pros and cons?
Can I buy a new cover for this seat?
Does the tray have adjustable positioning? (closer or farther away from baby?)
Is this a newer version of the chair ?
What is the total weight limit load rated for this chair?
Does it fold for storage?
What is the distance between the tray and the seat? My baby has chunky thighs... thanks!
How many inches from the floor to the tray? thanks!
If you buy the dark wood, have you noticed it is wearing badly?
Can the green cushion piece be removed and/or replaced?
What was the dimensions of this when it is shipped in the box? I have restrictions on the size of items I can ship to my present address.
Can the tray be pushed in so it is flush up against the tummy of even a small infant?
Are the plastic pieces on the sides (into which the tray fits) removable?
does it fold?
Does this chair fold?
Is it stable enough for an active infant? My girl kicks a lot and her kicks are strong.
Is the chair high enough for a 6-month old to be pushed right up to the table without using the tray?
can it accomodate an adult weight
How much clearance is there under the table for your baby's thighs? My girl is very big for her age with chubby thighs.
why does it turn off as soon as i turn it on?
how big is it
Is the bear plastic?
Is this product part of the recall on FP rock n play sleepers?
"Features gentle rocking action with a push from mom" Does it still function if dad pushes?
Is it hard surface or soft?
Do the legs come apart so it could fit in a suitcase?
What's the difference between this model and the deluxe model?
What's the weight limit?
does this one have vibration? Iknow some of them don't so I wanted to check before buying the wrong model again
May I know is the pad machine washable?
Would this fit in a large duffel or suitcase for international air travel?
is there enough support for a newborns head or is an insert required?
Can the lights and sounds component be turned off?
Does the center of the Jumper revolve or move in a circular motion or is it stationary?
From what and until what age its usefull? Someone knows about the size box, is big and heavy?
Is it supposed to be wobbly? I assembled mine today and all the base connectors and rods are lose and the base wobbles
Does this product fold for easy travel?
Is it easy to fold/store?
Does the seat turn easily?
Does it comes in frustration free packaging?
What ages is this appropriate for?
Does it fit through average bedroom doorways? I want to be able to move it without too much hassle.
Do the handles or shoulder strap on the grey/natural Stockholm bag get dirty or stain easily?
Is this bag big enough or does anyone find it a tad too small?? the dimensions are less than most other diaper bags??
Does anyone know if this is able to hook onto the front of a stroller? That's a huge plus with a big bag.
Others have said the handles wipe off easily, but how easily does the gray canvas bag itself stain?
Is the base of the bag structured?
Does this bag have long should strap as an option besides the two side straps? Would stroller straps work with this bag to attatch to a stroller handl
How big is the insulated bag? How much will it fit?
Does anyone find the bag too bulky, too big? Will I really need all of that space?
does this bag come with a long adjustable shoulder strap? would storller attatchment straps work with this bag?
I cloth diaper which means I need a bigger bag in general. Is this bag big enough for a cloth diapering mama?
Can this fit in the fisher-price booster seat? like the one listed here. http://www.amazon.com/Fisher-Price-He...
Can this plate take some hot food? Or can be used in the microwave oven?
What is this placemat made of? Is it PVC- BPA- &amp; phthalate-free?
I've read complaints about this not sticking well. Is it possible to replace the suction cups?
How hard is it to drink from? (many cups achieve "leak proof" status by also making it super-hard for small ones to drink from!)
How many ounces does this cup hold?
Does this cup come with cover for the top to prevent it when it falls on the floor
Does this cup come with cover for the top to prevent it when it falls on the floor
Are there any flow valves in this ? I'm looking for a sippy with no internal valves or extra parts.
Can the seatbelt be removed for when they get older, or is there a second cover?
what is the recommended weight limit go up to
What is the recommended age range? up to what age?
Can you tell me the shipping dimensions?
Would a 13 mo old (31", 20 lbs) fit in this using the belt? She needs a belted lounge chair to replace outgrown swing.
if i order this bag, does it comes filled or is it just the bag and no filling??
will the color match the picture? I've had orders in the past come in different color/pattern from what I selected
what materal is this made out of. is there any fleece??
Up to what age can this bean bag be used?
Does anyone have a preference of the PeaPod or PeaPod Plus? Other than price, is there a reason to not to buy the PeaPod Plus?
Is there a way to anchor it to the ground or sand? Could a child treat it like a giant hampster cage?
Can a large active 3 month old use this.
How wide is this when folded up? Can it fit into a carry-on suitcase?
Has anyone used this for the 1st time with a toddler? I'm worried my 2-yr old will be afraid to sleep in this since she's never been in one before.
How did you get your child used to sleeping in it before actually using it or did you not have any issues and he/she slept as usual in it?
I have twins. Could they share this for awhile?[
Is the weight/size worth carrying around South East Asia for 19month old (and possibly 6yr old brother?) Would they both fit for a nap?
Can this also be used on the beach or outdoors for playing/napping?
How do you clean it if a child wets inside?
age limits?
I have a tall 2.5 year old...will she fit comfortably in here? Going on a trip in a month and she still sleeps in a crib. Need something small for plane travel.
Does this lay flat on the ground?
Would a 2 yr old be able to unzip it from the inside. I'm trying to keep him safe at night. (He climbs out of everything and over the babygate.)
What kind of sheet do you use with this?
Is this the peapod plus? It does not list it as plus in the description and it is priced similarly to the plus models? Please advise. Thank you.
Are the dimensions of the Peapod Plus the same as the Peapod? If not, what are the dimensions?
After the voluntary recall did pea pod remanufacture the products or did they simply leave the same product on marketplace and issue kits to everyone
Is there a way to attach a mobile or any hanging toy to the "ceiling" of the Peapod? If so, does anyone have any recs for such mobiles/toys?
what is the difference in the peapod and the peapod plus?
Will boppy covers fit this pillow?
I am not using this for nursing...just for a support pillow while my baby learns to sit. Is it worth it to spend more for the boppy for this?
Is this pillow convenient to travel with? Could you take it on an airplane?
What color cover does this come with?
Does child have to suck on spout for liquid to come out? Or is it just a regular spout that pours liquid out in a controlled manner when tilted?
Do these cups contain a valve or any other parts besides the lid and cup itself? Looking for an easy-to-clean, but spill proof cup for daycare.
Do these cups change colors when cold liquid is poured into them?
bpa free?
Are these translucent so you can see the amount of liquid you're pouring inside? Also do they have measurements on the side? Thanks
Are these microwave safe?
do these cups fit in a car seat cup holder?
Can you use these for all kinds of liquids particularly milk, juice and water?
What age are these good for?
Are these sippy cups BPA free?
Are the tops on these interchangeable with th tops on the gerber graduates fun grips cups?
Do these have the small plastic piece inside to prevent spills?
Are these bpa free?
Are these cups insulated? Thanks!
Are these made in the USA?
Do these fit into car seat cup holder? Nuk Gerber GraduatesFun don't, and I wonder abou these...
Are these sippy cups BPA-Free? What number of plastic are they made of?
What's the secret to putting the lids on so they close in the "Seal Zone?" I can try to screw these on a million times and never end in the seal zone.
Do the lids on these fit on the NUK Gerber Graduates Advance Hard Spout Sippy Cups? I ordered these, but have the others.
can you microwave the cup?
may i know the material of bottle? glass or plastic?
What is the flow rate of the nipples included with the bottles?
is this with the wide neck teat or narrow?
is this an anti-colic bottle?
Certain reviews claim the product comes with medium flow nipples, others say slow flow... which is correct?
does this pack contain bottles with nipples or just bottles?
Has anyone used this with a child with upper lip tie? I am trying to figure out the best bottle for ULT.
does it have a cap?
We just bought these bottles and there is no milk coming out when being used. What are we doing wrong? Are we missing something?
do they come with lids?
Most older babies want to sit up and splash around. Is that possible in this tub, or must the baby always be reclined?
To what size/age can this tub be used?
How does it accomodate growing babies? Do you sit them on the opposite direction? What is the age range that you recommend?
Does it fit the regular bathroom sink?
Can this tub be placed and used inside a regular adult tub instead of the sink?
Is this tub suitable as is for newborns or will I need an infant insert?
Is this made of BPA-free plastic?
does the water have to run continuously?
Tub is too big to fit in the bottom of my sink, but too small to rest on top without falling in. Anyone have a solution?
Can anyone tell me if this will fit an Ikea Domsjo double bowl sink?
Will this work on a kitchen faucet spout?
Are the temperature ranges pre-set, or are they adjustable? If adjustable, what temperature range can be selected, and in what increments?
It doesn't look like it from the picture, but just to be sure- will this fit square tub spouts?
Would this stay on the spout if your spout doesn't have the drain pull built in? We just have a plug in our tub.
sheet size?
Does it come with everything pictured?
For what ages?
If i wanted to buy a matress for this instead of the one that comes with it, what size am I looking for?
it says WITH MOTION in the title. Does it move on it's own or do you have the rock it?
How do you detach the side "bedding" to wash? I bought this consigned
does this bassinet tilt, swing or rock???
I ned the beeding for a little boy for the above bassint where do I get that.
how is the movement?
If I wanted to order additional sheets, what size would you recommend?
Will these fit the hygeia pump as well?
Can I put these in the madela microwavable steam bag to sanitize?
Can these go in the dishwasher?
Do these fit the Spectra S1 pump too?
Does this walker works well on carpet?
Are the rear wheels like the front? Multi directional?
Does the baby trend activity walker have a weight limit? If so, what is it?
how many pounds does hold
Do the wheels lock so you can use it as an excersaucer as well?
Is the bead toy and giraffes on the tray removable?
What is the weight limit for this walker
What's the minimum height &amp; weight requirements?
What's the difference between this one &amp; teh original Huffy Green Machine?
Is this a gift for a 11 yr old boy?
My son will be five a few weeks....can I get this for him? He is 42" tall and really wants one.
Whats the age limit?
Are the back wheels plastic or hard rubber?
Does this only take batteries or can I plug it into a wall outlet?
Just ordered this for my daughter According to comments, it's supposed to play continuously but hers stops after each song.Does anyone have this prob
How often do the batteries need to be replaced?
Do the projected lights move on the ceiling/wall or is it stationary?
Which lullabies does it play?
What type of batteries?
Can the volume be turned off while the lights stay on? Thank you!
Is there a way for the lights to stay on through the night and not shut off after 45 minutes?
What are the dimensions when folded? Will it fit (folded) in a big travel luggage?
Is this stoller compartible with the Graco snugride 35 infant car seat?
I see this stroller is compatible with the chicco but is it also compatible with the chicco keyfit 30??
it looks gray? Is it more gray or completeley black?
Is there a hand break?
Does the front wheel swivel
How much does this stroller truly weigh? The dimensions say 2 pounds, yet on the Target website it says 31.5 pounds. Just curious. Thanks!
is the seat recline adjustable by a bar or a string? How deep is the seat-(from the crotch buckle to the back of the seat)?
do the tires need to be inflated often?
how do you adjust the harness in the front? I have a newborn that we were looking to take out in it and the shoulder straps are up pretty high .
Can I mount this to the wall?
Can the intensity of the blue sleeping light (I believe its a backlight) be turned down or turned off completely so its not glowing?
Can this clock be wall mounted to keep out of reach? If not, is it "child proof" so our 2 year old won't mess up settings, etc.?
Can you set the display to show the clock only, without a sun or moon?
Does the awake setting have a blue light or a yellow light? When does the awake light turn off?
How do you turn alarm and/or melody sound off?
Please help! I have the same question as some others, the button is moved to the center "on" position, yet the clock is always blue with the moon ?
Just received clock. Set to current time &amp; set wakeup times. However, the display keeps showing the sleeping bunny &amp; LCD display shows moon. Why??
What is the difference between this newer $50 model and the older $40 one? We have the old one for my son's room and love it, but now we need a 2nd.
Would it take 220 volts? Could someone check on the back for me?
I like the way the first one mounts (the one with the circle thing on top), not the other 3. Which mounting system do you REALLY get?
The blue urinal has a lift out bowl for easier disposal. Is this the urinal I would get if I were to make the blue selection?
The first pictures shows one urinal while the rest of the pictures show a different one (mount different). Are they truly different?
Where's product made in?
Hmmm. I'm almost scared to ask why a key feature of the urinal is that the material is 'tasteless'.
CAN I GET ONE BLUE AND ONE YELLOW?
Can I have the pink?
will it help if your child already has a flat head? will it help to round it out?
if i order those may you send me the blue and yellow? and do u have any new color beside those color? thank you !
If I order this may i have a blue one? had a problem with another seller sent me pink and i have a boy, how embarrassing would that be lol
If you do not mind to send me blue color pillow i have boy ???
Color : if i order this could you ship me a pink one?
How tall is this gate?
Will this still fit in a 72" opening; that only gives 8" of "folding space"?
How wide is the door opening?
Can this be used outdoors on a deck?
Can this be used with the Peg Perego Switch Compact stroller?
Would this fit in the "book' stroller? or just "book plus"?
Can this be used with the Britax b ready stroller?
Can this be used as bassinet for overnight sleep?
Does this come with a mattress/fitted sheet?
Is there a way to secure it to the car? as a car seat?
Does it goes with any peg perego stroller system? (book plus?)
Are the bluish colored birds on the pink blanket aqua or med. blue?
where is it made of?
Where is it made
How many 4oz containers come in a set?
Would these fit an ice cube's worth of baby food?
Are these microwave safe?
Is the size of the product which 10x3.5x2.5 inch correct? isn't that too big? or is this for 3, meaning the size of the package?
Are the lids BPA free?
Can you tell me what the seated height is, from seat to the top harness postion, and from seat to top , please?
Can this car seat sit rear facing in the back seat?
Is this seat easy enough for a 3 year old to buckle themselves into the harness?
How many pounds does it hold?
Can you install this seat without the latch system and still use harness?
Will this seat suit my child until a car seat is no longer required?
Does it recline?
The bottom latch is very hard to open on our seat, even for an adult, does anyone else have this problem?
will this car seat fit in smaller cars such as the Chevy Cruse?
How big can a child be and still wear the harness? I have a special needs 5 1/2 year old and she needs to be harnessed in. She's pretty tall.
Can I use this as a co-sleeper for a newborn next to my bed? First time mom here.
Is the color in these pictures accurate? Everywhere else I look its bright pink
Why would this cause a baby's head to be flat more so than a normal crib?
How tall is this sleeper when it's set up?
Can I use this alone for the baby to sleep or still I would need a crib?
Does the vibration stay on, or turn off automatically when you don't want it to like every other baby product on the market?
Are all of the fabric pieces of this removable and washable or just the insert?
My baby is 24 inches but he keeps pushing his legs and trying to move up to get more space when putting him in it. Anyone meet the same problem?
Is this product safe for newborn at all, for his developing spine? As far as I know, babies should lay flat on their backs till they are 6 months !!!
How stable is the Rock n' Play? I worry that our cats might tip it over. (Obviously would supervise to the best of our ability, but... still...)
If you have the baby sleep in this at night next to the bed, do you use the restraint or just set the baby in like you would in a bassinet?
Does this rock only with a push from mom, or does is have automated rocking action?
Having trouble assembling, can't get the hub end into the tube end, seems like it shouldn't be hard to do, what am I doing wrong? TIA!
I have very tall 2 month old. Baby loves it, but now feel legs are way too crunched up at the bottom. How many inches is too tall for nightly sleep?
How long was your baby when she/he outgrew this? Our 3-month boy is below the weight limit but is almost 25 inches. Thanks!
Is anyone continuing to have mold or find water in the sleeper as mentioned in the 2013 recall? Is this product in any way improved since the recall?
Does this have a hard plastic lining in the seat or is it all fabric? I'm concerned about baby getting a flat spot on the back of the head.
Are there any flame retardants in this product?
Is this a good option for travel (instead of a pack n play)?
this or the mamaroo? thanks
Does it pan around the room so that you can see 2 different corners? I have kids sharing a room and need it see all around:)
How long can it record for on an SD card? Is there a way to record for at least three straight hours? Thinking about times when you have a babysitter.
How does the viewing through Skype work? Do you set up an account specifically for the camera(s)? Can multiple people connect to the Skype feed?
Can you wall mount the camera or is the clip the only option?
Does it have the Voice Activated Power Saver Mode?
How wide does the monitor clip open?
Is the camera recharable as well as the monitor or does it run off AC power?
Can the screen be turned off while still functioning? I don't want to go to sleep with a bright screen on next to me. Thanks!
WOULD THIS WORK IN uk
Does the camera run on batteries or does it plug into the wall?
Is this just plain open cup or does it has some lid or valve?
What is the cup made of?
Better than a little glass cup to feed a 5mo old (refuses bottle but will drink from glass cup)? Is opening wide enough to not knock his face?
Is this appropriate for kids ages 4 and 6 who are drinking out of plastic cups with covered tops and straws?
are these stackable?
is this made of glass or plastic
PBA free?
What is the diameter of the base? I want to know if it will fit in a cup holder I have.
is it microwave safe?
How many ounces does this hold?
How many ounces does the cup hold? One review mentions it is "small", but I'm not sure what that means.
Do these cups stack together nicely for easy storage in the cabinet?
Is this cup BPA free?
Is it made of glass?
Is it microwave safe?
What is this product made of?
Is Dishwasher safe?
Do other brand nipples fit on these bottles?
What is the nipple number on the nipple? I received two number 4 nipples? How is that 3 different stages? If I got 2 the same :-T
Is a measuring scale on the interior of the bottle?
What grade stainless steel is this? Is this lined with plastic? Does it contain aluminum? Thank you for your help
Does this product belong to (WIC) Program?
Are these compatible with the Infantino Squeeze Station?
Where are these pouches manufactured&#xFF1F;
Can it be used as a regular tote? And what color is the inside?
Is it a zip closure?
What are the true measurements of this bag? I feel the dimensions in product details, is flat shipping size.
i tried ordering two pieces, but i was not eligible for free shipping..
what is it made of, vinyl or fabric, is it washable?
Is there a spot large enough for older kid sippy cup? Says bottle but they are smaller than my childs drinking cup
Is the opening to the main compartment the curved part at the top (like semi-circle) or is the opening much larger?
Does this bag have one or two straps?
Is there an easily accessible pocket for wipes? And also, room for two bottles? Thanks!!
Could this fit a laptop? I'm looking for something to serve as both a diaper bag and carry-on bag for travel.
I am looking for a backpack for my 1 yr baby, so is this good ?
Is there an insulated bottle pocket?
does this bag have stroller straps?
Will you please post more photos of the insides?
does this come with a princess comforter/blanket?
does it have a fitted and flat sheet? Does the pillow case fit a regular pillow or is it smaller?
Is the bedsheet with elastic that can go around the crib mattress?
Is it fire resistant?
is this just for babies, or can it be used on toddlers and older childreen or adults??
does this thermoter celcius and farenheit results?
Low message is displayed during the measurement. Is there any problem with the product? Does this thermometer has any function regarding this?
Can this thermometer be used on a large dog?
Does this vibrate?
Is this a sling-like back like the rock&amp;sleep? Can you tell me how long the actual sleeping space is? My 14lb loves the r&amp;s but now he's too long
Do you need to add a snuzzler or boppy support? Is it as tall as a rnp?
hi, I can use it for a newborn?
I need a bedside sleeper how tall is this? my bed is a apillow top divan will it be tall enough?
Is the back adjustable to lay back more?
Does this sleeper rock or is it stationary?
What's the height ?
Can you take the fabric off the frame and put it in the washer?
Does this fold up for travel?
Can you install this mirror in a car with a fixed backseat headrest?
Can it also be used for babies in rear facing car seats?
What does the back look like? Are there two Velcro loops?
Can you install this in the middle of the backseat? I have an Accod and that's where her car seat is installed.
Is the Denim Quest too hot? I am afraid the fabric is very gross and hot for the baby. Thanks!
Is this stroller suitable for a newborn baby?
it this recline flat?
Is this has the function of Suspension&#xFF1F;
Can you wash the canopy, the same way you can take off the seat to wash, can you take the canopy off for washing? Thanks!
Is this the 2013 model? What is the date of manufacture?
Hi, Includes the raincoat?
Please tell me all the implements which this product has, like a rain-cover, and a head-hugger.
Do you need to replace the wheels on the Quest model?
Do you have to change the shell every time you change a insert?
Anybody used these successfully on a newborn?
How many do you need? I just started with the 6 and feel I have to wash them every other day
how do i change my baby with these diapers? How does the process go?
Do you actually wash the inserts separate from the diapers?
Do you need to prep the shell? If so, how? Otherwise, how do you wash these on a normal bases?
Are these the bamboo inserts?
up to how many lbs do they go?
About how big are these when you stuff them and fold them up? I'm purchasing baskets for my changing table.
what is the material of inserts
Are these good for newborns on up?
Are these standard sizes or a new born can grow in? I am going to deliver my first baby in 2 weeks and don't know if these are the right size to buy.
can you use the gro-via or any other brand of disposable liners with these?
Do they leak?
Do you have to wash the entire diper with every pee/poop? If so, would you need like 14/day?
can you use the outer cover with a prefold instead of the insert?
it comes with 6 diapers and 12 inserts?
Is there a band of PUL on the inside of the diaper to help keep the baby's tummy dry?
What year was this stroller manufactured? I know some of them have been recalled recently.
Can you jog with this stroller? Not long runs- maybe 3-5 miles mixed walking and running...
Can this stroller be used for a 2 month old w/out the car seat attachment?
Can anyone tell me if the 2014 B Safe carseat definitely works with the 2013 stroller? I am looking at buying at 2013 stroller and 2014 carseat.
Is there 1 set of click &amp; go receivers that are included? Or is there one set to match a Chaperone car seat &amp; another to go with the B Safe?
Is this compatible with the 2014 B safe infant car seat?
How old was your child before they outgrew this stroller?
Has anyone found a "hack" to get the seat in a more upright position for older babies? My 12 mo old is straining her neck to see out of it.
What is in the kit? Need adapters for car seats and Stroller Child Tray to buy separately?
Anyone tall own this stroller? How is it to push in terms of height?
Can newborn twins lie flat on this stroller (without car seat installed)?
What model year is it?
Would u recommend this as light, compact, good for airports &amp; narrow European sidewalks? Other twin stroller suggestions if not this one?
You insert a car seat one side (for baby) and still have the cup holder on the other (for toddler) at the same time?
Does this model require the repair kit from the recall by Britax Due to Partial Fingertip Amputation Hazard? If so, does it already include the kit?
How wide is it?
Does your toddler sleep well in this stroller? Mine doesn't seem to nap long in our Britax B-Agile single stroller, but that could just be him :)
Does anyone use this stroller for jogging? If so, how does it maneuver?
Do the seats use the "string method" to recline, or does it use metal? My Current stroller has the string &amp; the backs don't go all the way up...
Will stains come off easily from the peacock color? Does every small stain stick out?
What year was this stroller manufactured? I know some of them have been recalled recently.
Can you jog with this stroller? Not long runs- maybe 3-5 miles mixed walking and running...
Can this stroller be used for a 2 month old w/out the car seat attachment?
Can anyone tell me if the 2014 B Safe carseat definitely works with the 2013 stroller? I am looking at buying at 2013 stroller and 2014 carseat.
Is there 1 set of click &amp; go receivers that are included? Or is there one set to match a Chaperone car seat &amp; another to go with the B Safe?
Is this compatible with the 2014 B safe infant car seat?
How old was your child before they outgrew this stroller?
Has anyone found a "hack" to get the seat in a more upright position for older babies? My 12 mo old is straining her neck to see out of it.
What is in the kit? Need adapters for car seats and Stroller Child Tray to buy separately?
Anyone tall own this stroller? How is it to push in terms of height?
Where is Country of Origin ?
What is the shipping weight on this item?
Are the back and arm cushions removable?
whats the weight limit for this chair..?
Can this still be done in 4 peices instead of 6. I want to order soon, but want to make sure it can come in 4 peices??
Where are the necklaces manufactured? I'm looking for one not made in China.
Concerned about the reviews that mention splintering and chipping, can anyone speak to the likelihood of this?
How long is the cord?
How long is the cord?
where is this made?
What is the weight limit on this one? I have. A 3 year old and I'm looking for something to use from time to time when he needs / wants a mommy ride
Can you place the baby out-facing like the Beco Gemini?
Is this good for petitte moms?
Is it good for larger women. I'm a size 16
anyone know if the straps are super padded like the ergo baby?
Does the hood come with the carrier?
What kind of strap is on the bottom of the mat (and goes around the bottom of the seat)? Is it elastic or velcro?
What is the product Dimensions?
Does it fit RAV4 2013 ?
Why Have You Made These Kick Mats Without Mesh Pockets?
Does it fit 2015 Camry?
Will they fit a 2014 Chevrolet Traverse the 2nd row is two bucket seats?
Would these work with cooled seats?
Does it fit 2015 Pirus
will these work in a chrysler town and country?
Is the harness system easy to adjust? I have a newborn and a 3 year old and they will be using this stroller. I need easy strap adjustablity
Is this item come with a bootie?
Is this item come with both original black hood and the other color vogue hood that I choose?
Hi, can you please tell me if this would work for a Baby Jogger City Mini GT Double Stroller?
Will this product work on a regular umbrella stroller?
I am on the fence between purchasing this stroller organizer and the Britax stroller organizer, can you please tell me how your product differs?
Will this organizer work on the UppaBaby Vista?
Is this compatible with double strollers? More specifically an in-step jogging stroller?
where was this product made?
Will this work on a double Bob revolution jogging stroller please?
Does this shade fit well over rear-facing convertible car seats?
Will this fit on a schwinn jogger?
Does this work on umbrella strollers with no canopy?
Will this fit the Cybex Aton 2 car seat?
Will this fit Chicco umbrella stroller?
i have a graco stroller with a small canopy, this product looks smaller than the other shades advertised, is it big enough to provide enough shade?
Can you leave this on when the stoller is folded or do you have to take it on and off each time?
Is this doll machine washable? Or washable at all?
Is this washable?
how big is she?
I have one of these already that has a rattle inside of it - this seems to be a big part of the appeal...does this doll have a rattle inside?
Is this convertible to a double stroller? If so is there an additional seat available for purchase?
What car seat is used in the pictures? On other pictures that had a car seat with a matching yellow canopy and am wondering what car seat that is.
Is the child bar removable?
How would the wheels handle off sidewalk areas such as bumpy grass in the park?
Does the basinnette/pram need sheets?
Do you think this can be used for traveling by plane?
I don't see any car seat base for the bliss, has that been a problem for other parents?
How easy is this to push and steer with one hand? (My previous Contours stroller was difficult in this regard.)
Is this stroller does not follow the infant car seat?
does the bassinet come with the stroller?
Does the car seat adapter fit the Graco SnugRide Click Connect 35 LX Infant Car Seat - Rittenhouse?
What rain cover can o purchase for this stoller
Do you have to detatch the seat in order to close the stroller? Also how wide is the stroller?
What are the dimensions of folded strollers without a pram?
does the car seat just sit on the adapter and you use the strap or does a car seat snap into place on the adapter?
Do you know if I can get spared pair of wheels for this stroller?
Does the stroller come with bassinet carseat and sit up part?
Does anyone know of a sunshade/insect net that fits this model? From what I can tell the manufacturer doesn't sell one.
can i wash the bottom part of it? the basket part.
Is the pram/bassinet completely level. On the pic it seks like there is a small angel
do the arm rests move up and down??
Does it have a age requirement or recommendation for use?
Does it tether into the vehicle?
Can this highchair be used on the countertop like a Bumbo Seat? Or does it have to be used strapped to another chair?
Does it come assembled?
Is the back blue or purple?
Does this have a tray insert?
Is it portable? Can I fold it and take it with me where ever I go?
Will this strap to a folding chair?
My son is 19 lbs. and 5 months so we need something for long time, is this any bigger than other space saver high chairs out there?
How many toddler pounds can fit in this chair
Our upholstered chairs are sloped, 3.5" in the middle down to 2" at the edge. Will they work with this chair?
Is it BPA-free?
Hi, how does the parent unit return from the sleep mode? I mean when it is silent and off because baby's room is quiet and it captures a noise.
Is this system backwards compatible with cameras from the older version (Summer Infant Baby Touch Digital Color Video Monitor)?
I am a Grandmother buying a monitor for first time. I read reviews &amp; several of the mothers bought extra equipment. What extra equipment do I need to buy?
Can you put the monitor on "sleep" mode while on the charger? So I can still hear sound but not have the video on all night until baby makes a sound?
Does this package come with the charger for the camera as well as the monitor?
My summer there is no picture. I think it is with some problem or broken part. Do you sell this separate piece?
The extra camera Item model number 28060 is compatible with this model? I bought it and it did not work.
Does anyone know how to get a replacement monitor? Mine is out of warranty and after one too many falls the screen has cracked and not operational
does this unit include charger, camera and monitor?
Does the monitor her VOX? Is the sound constantly on or does it only come on when the baby cries out? We have sound machine.....
Can we use this for month old baby? The specs say it is for ages 1-3.
Would anyone recommend getting this instead of a pack-and-play? I'm trying to decide if I need both or if I could use this product regularly indoors.
Would this work for a baby newborn to under 6 months old? Need something to use in the yard to keep bugs away and to use as a bed while camping?
What is the difference between the "travel bed" and the "plus travel bed"?
Would this be suitable for a 3-week long trip for a 10 month old, to use every night as well as some naps? The mattress seems flimsy and thin.
Can you use a crib sheet with this?
Will this fit into a 3-person backpacking tent (so not a large tent you can stand in)?
Would this fit on the floor in front of an airplane seat? Taking a transatlantic trip and trying to come up with options for babes to sleep on plane!
Is this the recalled version or a newer version with new safety standards?
Will this help keep sand off baby at the beach? Or will mesh allow a lot of sand in?
Does this fit a 5" mini crib mattress? I don't see the size it fits.
Is this a full sized crib set or the mini set?
can it fit a regular size crib
I don't understand the size as it is listed. The mini crib mattress is 24 x 38 inches. is this set designed to fit this size mattress?
does it come with the sheet?
Can I change the colour of the whole tree? For example get it all in white?
It says the width is 42.5. Is that the width of just the treetop without the birds?
Is it possible to get the birds in a different color?
What is the width of the trunk on this tree?
Are all the leaves loose, so I can attach them individually?
Or can I get it all Black?
Is this for infants too?
Is it universal or only fits graco
Does this include the car seat cover and matching visor cover?
Does this include the car seat cover and matching visor cover?
What is the narrowest width? Looking for something to sit on bottom step of stairs 26" width.
Is this a freestanding gate or must it attach to a wall?
I need to use this in a 51" opening. Description says 'expands to 42" then says: adjusts to fit over 3.5', which is the same as 42" Will it fit 52"?
How are apart are the gaps in between?
Will this gate fall over easily if the dog tries to stand up since there are no stands
Does this gate have an adjustable width?
what is the hieght?....
Will this attach to a Trex deck?
Is the gate self closing/latching?
Will it install on plastic uprights?
The description notes that "temporary removal...is fast and easy, without removing wall-mounted hardware. Had anyone had experience with this? Is it really fast and easy?
How many extensions can be added to this gate? my deck opening is 75 inches.
How does this gate open? Does it swing open?
I need to gate a 72 inch stairway opening. Can I use two extensions with this model?
Will it fit a 40inch pathway?
We are expecting twins later this year and we drive a 2000 Accord. Will it fit behind the driver without the driver's seat all the way back?
Does this car seat have a canopy/ umbrella?
Is there a travel bag for the car seat? Would like to avoid it getting damaged on plane.
Is the material soft, hot and subject to pilling like the Maxi Cosi? Or is it more shiny and wicking like the Graco Snugride or Chicco KeyFit?
Which stroller frames does this seat work with?
What is the minimum weight (of the baby) for this seat? Thanks!
Does this price included the base as well? I assume so since the weight is listed as 25lbs. Thanks
Minimum weight recommendation???
What tools are needed to put it together? Thinking of having shipped to us at WDW and want the right tools with us.
this stroller can hold a child four years???
this stroller can hold a child four years???
what is the weight?
what is the weight?
Does it close like an umbrella?
Is the harness difficult to use? Does this recline at all? Any idea where I could get this in another color? Thanks!
can this decal be used on orange peel walls?
Can you get it reversed for either left sided wall or right sided?
Can you change the colors of the bird?
How many colors can you have?
Where is this made?
Does this have a squeaker of any kind of hole that water could get into while washing?
what age group is this good for? 4mnth? or/ &amp; 1 yr?
Do the colors come off?
Purchasing for newborns first pictures. maybe 7lbs.... Small enough?
where do you ship from?
I m puschasing for my baby girl 9 months that should weigh 19 pounds. Is going to be big enough?
does thisinclude the entire set??
my baby its 10months do you think it will fit her ????
im due in two weeks maybe less and i want to use this outfit for newborn pics will it be too big?
is it just the hat or is it the whole outfit the hat, shoes and the skirt?
My baby has 15lbs,Is this fit to her&#xFF1F;
Is this the Mini Mouse costume, the description tell something different?
I'm purchasing this for a newborn that should weight 6 lbs. 14 oz. Is this going to be small enough?
Does this work on the Citi Mini?
Does this rain cover accomodate the Peg Perego Pliko P3 stroller?
Does this fit britax strollers
Is excuse me this kind of PVC material soft?
Does this fit on a Citi Mini Jogger?
Would this fit my Chicco Keyfit30 travel system Stroller?
Does this fit Chicco Bravo Stroller ?
Has anyone used this with an uppababy vista?
Does it work for baby jogger city versa?
Does this Fit liteway plus stroller?
What size nipples are included with these bottles?
The material of this bottle is glass or something else?
The material of this bottle is glass or something else?
Where are they made??
Are these bottles dishwasher safe?
Compared to Medela Calma? Will breastfeed, but want dad to be able to feed too. Thoughts?
Do these have stoppers? On the older style Avent bottles, one could replace the nipple with a stopper. One could then use the bottle to store milk.
How does the Mico install into the stroller? I have a Mico car seat from my last baby and am thinking about this stroller for my next one.
I want to buy the maxi-cosi micro ap car seat. Will it attach to this stroller?
is this same with Mila? what is difference with mila?
Is this stroller compatible with a maxi-cosi carseat adapter?
What is the weight/age limit on this stroller? Thanks!!!
What are the dimensions of the stroller when it is folded? My trunk is TINY.
Can someone measure the length of the back of the seat where the baby lays? Thanks!
Does anyone know how long the straps are? I have square bannisters that are quite large. Will the straps reach all the way around?
I mounted retractable gate on the wall but need to be able to latch it when I want the gate in use, but have a post only. Will adapter work for this?
My banister is square and really thick (6"x6"). Are the velcro straps long enough?
I have a rod iron railing with pretty skinny spindles. Would this work well and be able to attach?
I have a banister that narrows toward the top and the loops of velcro don't meet up with the hook side before it winds back over itself. Any ideas?
Can I use it with metal railings?
Can i use this with the dreambaby rectractable gate but use 2 adapters (one on each side?)
Does this adapter only work with Dreambaby gates, or is it compatible with pretty much any baby gate?
How sturdy is this adapter? Does the gate wiggle around with this system?
Is this something that can be IN the crib with an 19 month old? He is fighting bedtime (i think because of the dark) but loves having a stuffed animal
Is it appropriate for an 18-20 month old boy
How long is the light supposed to stay on for. My light only stays on for a few secondds, and the music also only plays for a few seconds?
what type of battery this item runs on? and how long it lasts per set of battery typically? thanks!
is the light bright enough to project on very high ceilings? (10 feet)
i have very high ceilings. is the light bright enough to project up high?
Are the buttons on the back there so that your child can select the color displayed? I read that you can have it without sound, which is nice. I have twins and I don't want to wake one up with sound but they like to change the colors.
does it change color or display only one color?
The lights stopped working but the sound still works?
Do the elephant's battery and sound boxes come out, so it can be thrown in washing machine? One brand has that option. Thank you.
Are all six diapers made by ALVA?
Will these diapers expand large enough so that we can use them until our baby is potty trained?
Are these inserts the microfiber only or bamboo microfiber combo?
I understand that the inserts are microfiber, but what is the material that is touching the baby's skin?
Can I use the insert directly on my baby's skin with the shell?
If I bought this pack, is this all I need? Is there anything else I would need to purchse in addition?
would snaps or velcro work well for a two year old that is potty training?
Can we use other liners? eg. pre-fold liners by other brands?
I worry about chemicals; are these made in the USA? if not where?
Any recommendations to prevent leaks in the covers?
Does this car seat cover stick to leather and ruin it? Other covers on Amazon have poor reviews bc the backing stuck to the leather, ruining the seat.
Will this really prevent the indentions the car seats leave in leather or is this just for spill protection?
We had our carseat inspected by the police dept. They said items like this jeopardize a carseat's effectiveness/invalidate the warranty. Thoughts?
Does this cover the anchor points on the seat of the car?
If this item was used as a barrier for sweaty people after a long run/hike would it leave indents in leather seats?
Can you use this for a rearfacing carseat?
Do you know if this will fit Mercedes Suv?
could this fit in the back of a 2011 Camaro?
Will this seat cover be high enough to fit in a 2015 Ford Explorer?
How many comes in a pack?
Does it have an A/C adapter?
Can it be switched on continuously for the whole night?
What is the size of the pad? Will it fit under smaller portable crib?
I just got this product. I put the batteries in both places. The remote turns on but the pad doesn't work. I tried vibration and sound
Is this right? Push the on button &amp; choose either manual or cry mode to set it. Manual last only 15 mins and cry mode keeps going when noise is heard.
Does it have to go under the mattress?
How long is the actual clip?
One of mine broke, who do I contact to get a replacement?
Does this come with one clip or both?
These say that the clips lock but I don't see how to make them do that. How do you lock them to secure your valuables?
will these work on an umbrella stroller?
Will this work with the orbit baby stroller?
Does this fit the Peg Perego Book Pop Up stroller?
Does this fit the uppa cruz stroller?
Does it fit the small umbrella stroller?
does it fit a inglesina
Will this fit the Urbini Omni Travel System?
Does this fit the Baby Jogger City Mini Double?
Does anyone know if this will work on an Uppababy G-Lite?
Does this work with the BOB Revolution SE single stroller?
are the cup holders insulated?
is this organizer collapsible
would this work for baby jogger mini city gt
do you need to buy the belly bar to use this, or does this attach directly to the stroller?
What is the diameter of the cup holder? Our sippy cups have a larger footprint that most others.
will these (would purchase 2), fit a city select micro side by side double stroller?
I have no idea how to put this thing on the stroller. Mine has a large circular attachment that I cannot fathom how to put on. Any tips?
Will the City Select double stroller fold nicely with this attached to the front seat?
I cannot seem to figure out how to install the tray to my City Select! Can someone PLEASE tell me how? The silly photo instructions are not helpful!
Does it fit on City Mini 3?
Does this item have the metal prongs or the plastic as an attachment?
Does this work with the baby jogger Vue 2014 stroller?
How should I prep these?
how big are these?
do these inserts snap onto the diaper, like with best bottom?
I am looking for liners that you can wear under your breast for when your not wearing a bra that will help with rashes , would bamboo inserts work ?
How do I know what size to buy? S, M+, L, XL
Will the Madela bottles screw and fit onto the shield like the original parts do?
Does this kit come with the piece that connects the breast shield to the yellow valve?
Is this made in the USA or Canada?
Are the Maymom breastshields sizes equivalent to the Medela breastshields sizes (24mm Medela = 24mm Maymom?)?
Does this kit work with "hands free" breast pump bras. Specifically the Medela Easy Expression Bustier? If not, do you recommend a different one?
Does this kit work with the Medela Pump in Style Original?
is this good for swing pump?
Can anyone recommend a brush to clean this?
Can anyone confirm if this will work with the Advanced Personal Double Breastpump? Or do Maymom have a similar kit for that model? Thanks!
is this a flip sofa?
what is the ages and weight capacity
Does this furniture have a flame retardant applied? If so what kind? Is it TB117-2013 safe?
How big is couch? It says 8 inches, is that the box, or the set up product?! Does it come with sofa, chair and ottoman?
Can this be used with a rear facing car seat? Has anyone used it with Chico Nextfit?
Anyone have the dimensions of the cup holder?
Hi, is the foam removeable? Looking to be able to wash the lining.
Has anyone tried this with a Diono Radian rxt? How did it fit? Was it comfortable for your child?
What are the dimensions of the usable inner tray area?
Can I use with 220V?
Which one is quieter the M1 or the S1?
Hi! I heard Spectra issued new stocks of M1 that are compatible with wide-neck bottles. Is this one of them? Does it come with 2 wide-neck bottles?
Does this pump work like the Spectra Dew 350? Like a hospital grade pump?
does this pup come with any accessories or bottles?
Does the M1 offer separately adjustable vacuum and cycle like the S1?
Is this compatible with playtex drop ins?
I have the s1 thinking of getting this one for traveling is it as good as the s1 ? Plus how can I purchase more bottles and parts ?
do you ship to philippines?
hi..i would like to know whats included in the box when i purchase this item?
is there any difference in the hole size between the small and large pouches?
I have the smaller one and am considering getting the large size. Can anyone tell me what the size of the large pouch is?
Do these come with two different size pouches or just two of the same size pouches?
Where are these manufactured?
On the box it says "for small loads", does that mean a standard size home-dryer? What size is your dryer and do these work efficiently for it?
Although the image shows a package with three balls, Amazon indicate there is a one pack and three pack. What is the difference between the one pack and the three pack? Are there three balls in the three pack or nine?
Has anyone tried adding a natural fragrance to the balls? Just curious if a you can infuse them with natural oils.
How small is a small load?
Where is this product made?
Do these help when drying a down item, such as a vest or jacket or comforter, so that the down doesn't clump? (Instead of tennis balls or sneakers)
How loud are they in your dryer?
If you wash these occasionally, wil they lose the lanolin?
Anyone know if these are cloth diaper safe?
Can these go in those newfangled dryer/washer combos? (obviously when you do "dry only"). Son's new city apartment has a small washer/dryer combo.
What are the tops made out of?
Do the lids (silicone part) get moldy after a while? This has happened to me using other brands.
I want to use these for transferring baby food to daycare. How many standard size ice cubes do you think would fit in one of these?
I want to use these for transferring baby food to daycare. How many standard size ice cubes do you think would fit in one of these?
What are the exact dimensions of the glass bowl (i.e. diameter and height)?
Do the glass containers stack when the covers are off?
What are the sizes of the containers in the picture?
Are the containers 6 oz or 13 oz? The description says 13, but someone wrote they are 6???
Is this a two channel system? One camera in each room, can switch to see other child?
Does the monitor have a normal charging cord? The monitor I'm replacing goes into a charging base instead of a cord, &amp; 2 of them have broken b/c of it
Does this have pan/ tilt/ zoom?
What kind of range do you have?
Can you leave the camera function on all the time? I'd like to view my baby at all times. Also, do the cameras need to be charged?
Can you turn the video off and only have the sound, I'd like to do this at night while I slept.
If I use this for 2 kids, will the monitor automatically switch to the camera that senses noise, or will I have to switch channels manually?
Does this monitor still scan between two different cameras while in peep mode?
is useful during the day? can I see the room during the day?
can you turn off the sound on the monitors
Where's this chair made?
What is the highest tray height? Thanks in advance!
Is it BPA free? What is the trey made out of?
Is this the updated version or the recalled version?
Is this the newer model or the old one that was recalled?
how easy is it to was the fabric,remove tray and fold it?
How stable are they? Are they safe?
Is the trey BPA free?
Do the seats recline individually?
Are the seats on this talk enough for a 3 1/2 year old? We a different one and when he sits his head is above the back of the seat.
How does this work with an infant? Does the seat recline all the way? I'm looking for a stroller that will work for a toddler and newborn.
Is there a parent console that would work with this and is there any tricks to get extra storage with this stroller?
Is it appropriate for a toddler and infant? Also what is the weight capacity?
does it come with cup holders for both children
How well does the stroller fit most sidewalks? some side by sides take up more then the sidewalk, how is this one?
does the stroller recline?
What are the folded dimensions of this stroller?
Dimensions indicate a width of 31", is this correct? If so, do you find it difficult to navigate through doors?
Can I use this without the tray - using our table as a tray? She 14mths and petite. Do you think it's high enough?
what is the base of the seat made out of
can a 38lb 3 year old use this?
Can you remove/install the tray with one hand?
Is there anything to keep the seat from sliding off the chair?
What are the dimensions of the tray? The middle part of the tray, inside the lip.
Does the blue back come off? Seems to show it that way in one of the pictures, but it doesn't say if it does or not.
Is the seat soft?
How easy is this chair to clean? Are there alot of little areas they can get food that makes it hard to clean? For example- spaghetti sauce.
Can the height of chair be adjusted? What are those three bottons on the right side of chair?
Can you fold the Stroller while the adapters for the car seat are still attached to it?
Does the set come with weathershield?
what are the dimensions of the package?
Do you ship to APO addresses?
How wide is the stroller (from outside of both back wheels)?
Does anyone know the box size of this travel system?
Is the system coming with the stroller, the car seat and the car seat base?
Can you attach a differen't car seat to this stroller?
Do the adapters to put the carseat onto the stroller come with this set?
Do you take off the fabric on the stroller to use it with the carseat? Does it seem stable with the carseat on it?
Will this fit a Baby Jogger City Select Double Stroller?
Will a Bob Duallie/double stroller fit?
can it be suitable for a normal size baby car to international flight?
Will this fit a Baby Jogger City Classic double stroller (side by side, 29.5 inches wide)? Thx!
Has any used this for a Phil and teds explorer stroller?
Can this be worn as a backpack?
will this fit a uppababy vista 2015
Will a Chicco Cortina Travel System Stroller fit in this?
I have an umbrella stroller from target...will it fit in this bag length-wise?
Would this fit a Stokke Xplory?
What are the colors? There are two different pictures, so not sure what colors it is.
For how long can I use it? Is it then evolutive for toddlers? My daughter is 3 months old and I don't want to buy it for only a couple months
Would this chair hold a 6 month old or would it be too small?
Does it come filled up with beans inside?, or does it come empty?
My 2 month old has pretty bad reflux so I was wondering if anyone who has this has a baby with reflux and if they are comfortable in it?
Does the cover come off for washing?
What country is this made in?
Is there a removable harness layer and a regular flat layer so it can convert from infant to toddler?
I'm looking for a bean bag chair for my son's room. He is 14 months old and loves to sit and look at his books. Would this be too small?
Until what age baby use it?
Would this be a good solution for my 7 month old to sleep in all night while on vacation in a hotel?
Is this big enought for a nine month old baby?
Is this big enought for a nine
Is this bean bag part of the recall? I purchased one for my grandson he loves it but I want to make sure it is not part of the recall.
does this come with the removable seat covers?
i want it to be deliver to ridgewood, new jersey is this possible and if so how much would it be
what is the age/weight limit?
Does this come with the filling or would I need to buy it separately?
I have a 2010 Honda accord, wonder if the truck space is big enough for this stroller. Thanks!
Can you fold this stroller up with the trays still attached? Looking to bring this to Disney with a 2.5 yr old and a 1 yr old and hope it folds easily
VAMOMMY5633 said its a great travel stroller. Can it be brought to the gate in an airport? Or does it need to be checked with luggage?
In Stroller Combi Twin Cosmo, can be placed two (2) Car Seat or can be placed only one (1)?
Has anyone tried using with any other infant carrier? We have a chicco
Do you think there is enough head room for a three year old to be comfortable? I want this to grow with my twin grandbabies.
What rain cover works best with this stroller?
just wondering what BRAND INFANT CARSEATS everyone used with this stroller. thank you.
Wich is the product category so i can know the shipping cost. Thanks
How is the basket storage? Large? Small? Basically what will fit down there? Thanks!
What size is this stroller when folded? Would it fit in the trunk of a 2010 Civic?
Does this stroller fit a car seat in one side, toddler in the other?
Does the middle front wheel turn or is it stationary?
Is this stroller easy to maneuver? What are the dimensions when folded?
does the royal blue twin stroller come with a pocket on the back of both canopies like shown in the demo of the red stroller?
does this fold up
Battery usage
Does it have more than 1 seat position? an older baby likes to sit upright and see whats going on sometimes
Does it take an adapter to plug in
Does this swing swing on its own?
Is the seat a molded plastic? I purchased a newer model and the seat is just made up of the lining. Wanted something a little more sturdy.
can you use the swing without having the music playing?? thanks!
May I know how early I can put my baby to this swing? 1 month? 2 month? Thanks!!
Is there a power adapter so it doesn't use batteries?
How loud is the motor?
Does this bassinet glide from left to right?
I'm having trouble finding a replacement pad and/or sheets to fit properly in this bassinet... any suggested brands that work best?
Hi, does it come with mattress?
Can a pad that measures 15 x 33 x 2 inches fit in this bassinet? Also, is the original pad oval or rectangular?
Does the product have a chemical smell when you first use it?
Is this mattress made of PVC (vinyl)? Does anyone know if I can get a cotton one that would fit?
Can anyone recommend sheets that will fit the mattress that came with this bassinet?
Are the sides padded or breathable?
Problem with the battery not lasting very long for the vibration mode? Not sure if mine is a dud - 2 battery changes in 2 days.
Does the canopy come off?
do you need a fitted sheet w/ this? What are ppl doing about overnight wetting?
Does this fold up flat?
What are the true dimensions of this product?
Would this fit in a king bed with 2 adults and a toddler? Has anyone used it beside a mattress on the floor?
Could this be placed in a crib, or must it be used as a co-sleeper?
What are the dimensions of just the included mattress?
What's the difference between this and the Deluxe unit? Is it just the night light, vibration and sound?
Can this be carried with the baby?
is the mattress pad firm as normal baby firm mattress?
Does this come with the light/sound/vibration unit?
Do these refills have a recess in the top to turn the container and twist off each diaper like the Diaper Genie ones?
Hello, Can i use with Playtex diaper genie?
is this scented?
Are these compostable? If not, does anyone know of compostable bags that work with Diaper Genie?
will this properly fit the Playtex Diaper Genie Elite Pail With Essential Pail that was purchased on January 25, 2015 from the babies r us store?
Hello, we are looking to purchase a new Playtex Diaper Genie Elite Pail System w/ Odor Lock Carbon Filter and want to know if these will fit.
I know that the bag itself are one continuos or tublar like bag, and i am wondering how long is the bag itself?
Does these work with Genie Elite 2014?
I got these before and the blue plastic bag was just blue(good) then I got a batch with black writing(terrible) Do these have any print or just blue?
Does anybody know if these will work in the Litter Locker II for cat litter? They look very similar but I can't tell if they would fit. Thanks!
Is the seat pad vinyl or cloth?
How hard is it to remove the tray? Is it a slide or a double button? Looking to buy a new one as my toddler is able to remove the tray from his.
What does the back of the chair look like without the pad?
chair arrived with restraint straps in place, as though they're meant to be put together only once. Do you know how to them unclip them back?
This says its a 5 point harness, but other stores sell the same chair and its a 3 point. Can you verify for me its a 5?
What is the foot print on the floor? Looking for a chair that does not take up too much room while setup. Thanks, R
Can the height of the chair be adjusted to a lower level as to fit to a table?
Can it be used without the tray at a dining table?
It appears that the high chair could also be used as regular chair if the entire tray systerm were removed. Is that the case?
We have this chair and love it, but the cover does not last very long. Where can you order a replacement cover?
So are these reuseable or you throw them away after feedings? Seems like a total waste if it's the latter, and expensive?!
Breast milk bottles and bags storage are covered by FSA, are these pouches FSA eligible?
Can anyone recommend a cooler bag/pack that fits well with this system? Will need it for back to work time. Thank you!
Without purchasing the adapters, will these pouches fit a madela breast pump? Looking at the picture it looks as tho they would....
Has anyone figured out a good system for direct pumping into the pouch in regards to how much you fill the bag up with to not be wasteful of the bags?
Are they reusable ?
Are these bags recyclable?
Please share if you've warmed milk in these w/o the kiinde warmer. They fit inside our bottle warmer, but I'm not so sure that makes it ok.
Will these fit a NUK expressive double electric breast pump?
What is the size of the bags? I was wondering how many would fit into my standard 4 bottle cooler. Does anyone have experience with it?
what all does this set exaclty come with? does it come with all adapters that you might need for the pump you have? how many bags how many bottles
Can this system be used with any Medela pumps?
there is a $39.99 starter kit and a $99.99 starter kit...what is the difference?
Do any of the adapters work with the Spectra S2 pump?
Are these compatible with any breast pump?
Which nipples are compatible with the pouches?
Can you combine two bags into one with ease? Or if you pump into a bottle on one side, can you pour that into the bag on the other side?
Can you use other bottle warmers? Is there a limit to the heat setting that can be used with these plastic pouches?
Are these compatible with a Hygeia electric pump? It's not listed on the website.
If you pump into the bags, and don't get much (like an ounce), can you later reattach the bag and pump more in? Or do you need to use a new bag?
How do you clean these prior to the first use and for regular cleaning between uses? The instructions don't mention anything!
Do these work with The First Years Pump?
Are these disposable or reusable?
Do you have to attach it to the pump or can you pump into a bottle and pour milk into pouch?
Does this also work with the Spectra S2?
I have medela pump and lansinoh storage bags. Does these work with lansinoh storage bags?
Do these work with the PUR Ease manual breast pump?
are these pouches useable with the Spectra 2 system
Can you still use the valve for the Spectra S2 and the Twist adapter?
Does this work with the Spectra s2 breast pump
does anyone know what kind of plastic the pouches are made of?
I see that the Kiinde Twist nipples have recently been upgraded to prevent tearing issues that were happening. Are the new nipples included here?
Do any of the adapters work with the Spectra S2 pump?
Is the bottle warmer dual voltage (110/220v)?
Is the bottle made so that babies can hold it too?
Does the Medela Pump in Style Advanced Breast Pump work with this?
are the adapters for pumping directly into the bags from different types of pump included?
can this system work with a dr browns manual pump?
Is it compatible with Spectra 2 Spectra Baby USA S2 Hospital Grade Double/single Breast Pump ?
What is the difference between the gift set and the starter kit besides the price?
Is this inside or outside mounted?
I own this shade and it won't roll up. How do I fix it?
Is this washable?
Does this work on Ameda Purely Yours pump?
If you use this and pump directly into the bottle...I take it you stored the bottles instead of bags? About how many bottles did you need?
Does this work on Hygeia brand pumps?
Do you have to use the closer to nature bottles or does it work for the regular bottles as well?
Does this work with Spectra pumps?
does it work on the madela pump?
Does this work on the lansinoh signature pro double breast pump?
The picture shows two adapters, but I'm assuming there is only one in the package, is that correct?
Does this work with the Avent comfort double electric breast pump?
Exactly what pumps is this adaptable to?
Hello, How long will it take to prepare 6oz formula milk from start to end?
Hello :) I was wondering if the water taste clean? I have a BB machine and the water smells and taste plastic-y :/
Will this work with other bottles or only Tommee Tippee?
is this 110 V or 220 do you have 220 V?
Does the formula come out foamy??? we use similac sensitive and that formula normally gets foamy when you shake it up.
Do you have to fill the formula everytime you make a bottle, or does it measure it out for you?
Is this suitable for 240V
Has anyone used this with Gerber Soothe?
How does this do in making a bottle without clumps?
How long does the filter last?
Can you make it go flat for travel
I am confused by the pictures. It shows the walker being folded and placed under a bed but everyone is saying it does not fold. Which is correct???
I need ONLY the toy station. Where can I get one at?
what is the exact weight limit?
How to remove toy station? It is not coming out easily.
how do you do height adjustment
Will it run fine in carpets?
Are the wheels plastic or rubber?
does it fold to put in car trunk or for storge?
What is the max height on this?
Does it come with a sheet? If not what do you recommend?
Can you tell me what the length and width of the MATTRESS is? Is it Oval or square?
jpma rating?
Does this rock side to side or head to toe? Also how long do the batteries last with the rocking feature used often?
What are the dimensions of the bassinet mattress?
Did anyone else have trouble finding the controller in the box? We've searched every nook &amp; cranny and can't find the controller piece. Is it hidden?
Would I be able to use either a swaddler with the waterproof sheet or a sleepsack with the waterproof sheet?
When the bassinet is not in rocking mode, does it remain completely sturdy and motionless even if baby moves side to side?
What color is that greenish trim in real life?
For those who purchased a different mattress, which mattress and sheets would you recommend?
Are the measurements for the "top" of the bassinet or the tapered bottom? It's a big difference in mine.
Are the measurements for the top of bassinet or the bottom? the inside measurements are much more narrow than the top
How do I measure? I have a bassinette from 1921?
does the hood cover cover the hood both inside and out? Inotherwords, does it slip over the hood. bassiinet is 99 inches around and 16x32
I don't understand the measurements of this liner, skirt, &amp; hood. My bassinet is 30"L x 20"W x 27"H...will one of your sizes fit? Thanks.
bassinet is 17 x 32 . what should i order
What is the length from the top of the bassinet to the floor?
How to you measure? I have a bassinet that is 35 years old
Do you get all the decals shown for the $12.99 price or is that a piece?
Would any of these stickers fit on a tile (for the bathroom)?
My walls are textured. Will these stick?
If you put them on the window would they look good on both sides?
What is the size range of the decals? Smallest and biggest size?
Can they be peeled off and restuck somewhere else?
Are these transparent?
Are the creatures individual stickers? Or is it just one big sheet?
do these decals look good on a dark wall?
Are they water proof? I was thinking they might be cute on the tile wall of my kids' bathtub.
How does it keep from slipping off the bassinet?
Is it possible to use the skirt without the hood? My bassinet does not have a hood.
I have a wicker bassinet from 1938. It uses a 15x30 mattress. Would you be able to tell me what size skirt I would need?
Is there anyway to make sure I get a blue pump?
Are the parts dishwasher safe?
How much time does it take to clean after each use?
I'm considering pumping exclusively. How does Spectra 350 compared to Spectra S1 or Spectra S2 in terms of efficiency for pumping and cleanin?
what is the voltage for the breast pump? Has anyone used it with a 220V?
what size shield comes with it?
Does it support dual voltage, 110 and 220?
It says double pump But can you pump one side @ a time if you choose too?
Is this pump compatible with other brand bottles, shields, parts etc?
Do they 8 ounce jars also fit in the tray that comes with the 4 ounce jars?
What is the dimension of one jar? Specifically, what is the diameter across the bottom?
so the jars are not 4oz? I believed these were 4oz. Thank you
Are the lids plastic? Does the packaging say anything about what the lids are made of and if they're BPA/phthalate free?
Is the glass lead free? Any third party testing? Also what # plastic is the lid?
Can these be used for repeated heating in a bottle warmer, or are they merely for storage? I'm concerned about the lids holding up in the heat.
How much does the seat recline?
Does the seat attach using the LATCH system?
what is the exact difference between this and the frontier 90 besides the weight. can someone please explain the latch and the seat belt detail plz
Is there a built in seatbelt lock off in this car seat?
Can the Britax Booster Pioneer 70 attach safely not using the anchors, but using the car seat belt. Need to easily switch to another car.
Is this car seat ok for a 30 lb almost 3 year old? I'm trying to find something that works for two grandchildren.
Can you use a seat belt to anchor the seat while still using only the Harness? My vehicle is late model and has no Car seat Hooks
Silly question. I looked at this seat in store and it came with window shades, do you get the shades when ordering on amazon?
How is the head support? Is it comfortable for kids when they fall asleep in the seat?
Has anyone installed this on an airplane? Is it too wide?
What are the key differences between the Pioneer and the Frontier?
How does it attach to the car. Does it go through the base with seatbelt or are there anchors?
How supportive is the seat when your child falls asleep? My daughter can't go five minutes in the car without falling asleep!
Can this seat convert to a backless booster?
Does the back detach from the base?
How far can the crotch strap get from the child? Many seats force the strap too close (Graco Nautalis, for one) is it comparable to the Frontier?
My son is using my daughter's old Frontier. I want something newer. Would the Pioneer 70 be a good option to replace my old Original 2009 Frontier?
How easy is this seat to install? We are looking for a five point harness that will be transferred to different cars and installed by other parents.
In booster mode, how do you stop the seatbelt from locking? The head and armrest get in the way of it coming back to the original position? TY!!!
Does it fit in airplane seat?
I have a 1998 Q-45 and it is not equipted with teathers, does this model require teatheres?
is there a latch system?
Is it safe to place the booster in the center of the back seat and use the center lap belt to secure it in place? Of course, then use the regular belt
Does this seat have an expiration? I don't see a product life anywhere. Thanks!
how do you secure this seat in your car?? I have a honda civic sedan. And is this suitable for a 3 year old, currently 35lbs.
Does this one have the latches?
is it washable? or do you have to wipe it with a damp cloth?
Does the seat latch in the back to your car, keeping it secure and not moving around?
Is the belt positioner on the seat removable when you want to transition to a backless booster?
Is the belt positioner tight on the groin area?
Does this seat separate from the back as the child gets older ?
is this a 2013 model?
The seat description says the base is 15x18. Is it 15 inches wide? Or 15 inches deep and 18 inches wide? I need to squeeze 3 seats in the third row.
I don't have the latch capability in my car and purchased the SGL model. How do I secure it in my car?
Is there a latch system?
I know there isn't one on the base, but is there a LATCH connection at the top of the seat?
Can you remove the cup holders?
If the child isn't riding in the car, you have to still put the seat belt over the seat, just to keep the seat in place, correct?
what age is this appropriate for?
Has anyone had any issues with the back falling down or off?
Did anyone have trouble installing this seat on leather seat? Any slipping?
I need to know from the supplier the manufacture date on this seat so I can determine the expiration date -- thanks!
Does this car seat recline forward facing?
My car doesn't have latch. Can it still be installed if using as a car seat and not a booster seat?
Does this car seat have the quick clips to clip into the bars in the seats of my car like the boulevard 55
Does this car seat transforms into a backless booster seat as well?
Does the back recline with seat?
Do you have to use the LATCH with this?
Do these seats have an expiration date?
This seat is the only booster with the secure safe guard for the belt buckle. Is it really worth while to purchase this seat for that security alone? Or are other booster seats just as safe without it?
My 27-month babygirl weighs about 35lbs and 3' tall. Does this fit for her?
How hard is the Spade color to keep clean? Thanks!
How wide and deep is the seat base?
Anyone use this in a 2014 Chevy Traverse? We have a Britax Frontier and it's EXTREMELY difficult to buckle in booster mode.
Does the headrest recline? Seeking a seat where it reclines so when our son falls asleep his head doesn't slouch forward out of the protection zone.
Does their head fall over when they sleep?
Age of child to be in booster?
Can the back on this booster be detached and used backless?
Is this a 2013 model?
With the latch system is it able to attach at the back of the headrest or is it only at the base?? I drive a 2012 Honda Civic and a 2007 Toyota Highlander.
Must you latch this seat in to the car? I want to transition my 5 year old to the 3rd row of our SUV. There are not any latches in that row.
Can you use this seat without the a LATCH system in your car?
Hard to tell from the computer screen...was wondering if this is a grayish base color with the pink, or if it's more of a tan color?
When does this car seat expire?
Would this seat be compatible with 2007 Honda Accord?
When installed using LATCH the seat is extremely loose, even when pulled as tight as can be. Is this normal?
can the back be removed to use just for booster seat ?
How does it attach to the car seat? Or does it just sit on the seat without attaching with LATCH or anything like that?
I also have a petty question. Is the main color brown/tan or grey?
Is the seat reclinable?
Is this seat comfortable? Most seats I'v looked at have little or no cushon..
Is the secureguard latch (between the legs) comfortable? Also, is it removable if I find it's not comfortable?
The top half of this seat does not snap into place. It falls backwards and lays completely flat (when not in car). Is this normal, or defective?
What is the maximum height a child can be? I have the frontier and need one more so I want this for my 7 year old who is tall for her age.
Is there any Brominated Flame Retardant chemicals used in the materials of this car seat?
my daughter is 2.5, and refuses to wear her straps in her current car seat-britax marathon. Is she too young for this booster? She is less than 40 pounds, but shes not getting much protection in her carseat now, since she refuses to wear her straps....
can this convert to a backless booster seat?
My child is 33lbs but does meet the height requirement for this seat. Is it ok to still use this seat even though she is not 40lbs?
How wide at widest point, is it seat width or shoulder? I need to line up three across!
why is there a buckle in the middle?
What is the difference between the Parkway SGL model and the Parkway SG model besides the price?
How do you tether it to the car seat itself?
Any comments on the fabric? comfortable, uncomfortable, easy to clean? Not sure how I feel about the Nylon fabric.
What age/height/weight did you put child into seat belt booster?
Has anyone had any success using this booster with a fixed headrest? I am looking to use it in the third row of a 2011 Toyota Highlander.
Does this seat separate from the back as the child gets older ?
is this a 2013 model?
The seat description says the base is 15x18. Is it 15 inches wide? Or 15 inches deep and 18 inches wide? I need to squeeze 3 seats in the third row.
I don't have the latch capability in my car and purchased the SGL model. How do I secure it in my car?
Is there a latch system?
I know there isn't one on the base, but is there a LATCH connection at the top of the seat?
Can you remove the cup holders?
If the child isn't riding in the car, you have to still put the seat belt over the seat, just to keep the seat in place, correct?
what age is this appropriate for?
Has anyone had any issues with the back falling down or off?
Can you change out the pacifier? Or is it fixed?
do you ship to Canada as I was told this could not be shipped to my address in Quebec, Canada
how do you clean this?
how is this with children who are no longer swaddled? or who turn their head all the way to the side when they sleep?
For what age is this pacifier? 0-3 month OR 3+ month ?
Do you ship to Brazil? And whats the cost? Thanks
is it worth $35??
Will this product turn on automatically when baby cries to help baby fall back asleep if she wakes up ofthe throughout the night?
Has anyone had success with this with older babies (7 mos)? It seems like most reviewers got it early (baby shower, 3 mos).
what does a shusher sound like ?any way to hear it we have been using a hair dryer
Can this stay on all night instead of 15 - 30 min like it says?
Would this work for an older toddler?
does the timer go on for 15 then off for 15 and back on,etc?
Are these put directly in crib? My friend is having twins, should I buy her two of these?
Does this have option to leave it on all night? Or is the timer for 15 or 30 min only option?
It works out of the box - but how are batteries replaced?
Did you receive 2 boxes with 50 bags per box, therefore 100 bags total?
Are these reusable?
Do these connect directly to the pump instead of the bottles, so you don't have to pump into bottles then pour into bags?
Will beneficial components of the breast milk adhere to the plastic bags during long term storage? Can you point to research on safety of these bags?
Does this monitor have a room temperature sensor on it?
does it have the infrared night vision. what is the difference between this one and model MBp36
We have a white-noise machine in our daughters room will this pick it up?
Can you mute this model?
is this the mbp36 model?
Possible to add another camera?
Does this monitor have the function of remote moviment of the camera?
Thank you !! The measurement of bed is 35 x 78 inches. Serves for that size bed?
I do not understand. What is the measure? (13x3x10.2 that is not the measure of a child's bed).They could tell me if it is for a toddler bed 4years?
Does it come with a comforter?
what are the dimensions of the comfortwe (detail show 13x3x10.2 ???)
Can you get another set? I need 2.
is this for a regular twin bed size?
Does it come with a comforter?
Is this bedding set red or blue, the picture showed blue?
Is toddler bed same as twin bed set?
does this piece arrive assembled??
Is there a bar to hang clothes?
How many shelves does this particular (Baby Cache Heritage Armoire, White) piece have inside?
does it need assembly
can you connect this camera to a tablet or tv also your computer if so hows the quality
When more than one camera is connected, can you hear sound from both cameras simultaneously?
Would I be able to mount this to a wall or does it have to rest on a shelf/bookcase? I would prefer to mount high on wall.
Is it compatible with the BB4325x so I can see both cameras from my iphone?
Are you able to use it outdoors? Is there some way to anchor it in the ground?
I saw there are couple of play pens on Amazon, are they same? Just different company name?
When it is full assembled, what is the length x width?
Can you add extra panels to make the space larger?
Can you put it and take it out and put it away every day?
what size mat to put underneath
Does this playpen come with all 8 panels or do you have to order extra parts to make it into a shape?
How is the portability? Is it easy to take with you and set up elsewhere?
Can you make it smaller? Do you have to use all the panels? If you can make it smaller would it be possible to make it into two separate pens?
Can babies' arms fit through the slats?
Does anyone know if this would fit a Britax Marathon
Can you transport the base for the infant seat in the bag, too?
Can it be used as back pack?
The dimensions look like they would work for the Nuna Pipa car seat. Does anybody know if this would work? Nuna does not make one.
Does it have extra padding inside the bag? I was also looking at the J.L Childress bag and it looks like there is padding inside. Thanks in advance.
Does this version come with wheels? If not, does Peg make a version with wheels?
Will this fit the newer model car seats, like the Peg Perego 4/35?
Will this fit a Britax Boulavard? Is it padded? Thanks.
which niple does it come with
do you ship to guam? is this a good starter kit for new moms?
hi i wanna know how many days to ship to LA thanks
is this glass? or plastic?
Do they have the ring like the plastic bottles?
How exactly does the car seat attach to this stroller? The description &amp; pictures are lacking, and it looks to good to be true. Thanks!
Has anyone used this with the Chicco NextFit (convertible seat)? Does it work with that seat? How does it attach?
Compared to the Gogo Kidz Travelmate which one is easier when you have to deal with security at the airport? Is it possible to take the wheels off?
Anyone used this with a Recaro ProRide? Their website says it works with the Recaro Performance Ride but doesn't mention the ProRide.
Has anyone used this with the Diono Radian RXT carseat? Was it easy to use?
Anyone know if this works with the Peg Perego Convertible Premium Infant to Toddler Car Seat?
The height of the handlebar reaches 42 inches. Is this long enough comfort-wise, or does it tend to feel a bit short? I'm 5'5" for reference...
Does this work with an infant car seat?
Is it compatible with the safety first elite 80 air + 3-in-1 car seat air protect- elian?
Is this too big of a bag for only one baby?
Is this bag black and green like the picture or just green
Is the main compartment insulated as well as the side pocket?
What is the quality of the included changing pad?
Is this backpack machine washable?
Is the insulated side pocket large enough to hold a standard size (16.9 oz) water bottle?
Does this bag have straps that attach to a stroller?
how wide across is the bag?
would this fit a 3.5" inch thick, 12" tall and 12" wide binder inside the main compartment?
How well does this hold up over time? The Fisher Price backpack I have been using is falling apart after 1 1/2 years.
Does this bag come with a diaper changing pad? It looks like it in the photo, but the description doesn't say. If not, what is the gray item in back?
Right now I use a regular backpack. About to have baby number two. Is this roomier than a regular backpack? Thanks
Would the insulated pocket hold 2 take-n-toss sippy cups?
Would it fit a Medela insurance breastpump?
Who is the manufacturer? Like, if I have a problem, what is the brand? I can't find a website or anything.
Would the regular 8oz Dr. Browns bottles fit in the insulated pocket?
Has anyone had this bag for long enough to speak to its durability? I see some comments about zippers breaking but also interested in wear and tear.
Can this backpack be thrown in the washing machine for cleaning?
What size is the changing pad?
What do you use the clear plastic pouch that's attached to the inside for? I'm thinking maybe soiled clothes, but it doesn't zip...
is this stoller good for parents who are over 6ft tall?
How tall are the handles? Can a 6' person push this stroller comfortably without having to hunch over?
Can it be folded/unfolded whilst holding a toddler in one arm? Maybe using a hand and a foot? I need something practical for airports alone w/toddler.
Can you maneuver this stroller with one hand? In other words, does it move and turn easily?
How upright is the seat in its most upright position? is it still semi reclined or straight up?
if baby is in stroller and i want to recline by pressing on red buttons with two hands, doesnt the weight of baby make him fall backwards?
This question is for the women out there - are you able to lift and carry around this stroller w/o trouble?
Is this stroller for infants weighing 10 pounds to 50 pounds? Can I make my 3 month old daughter sleep in it?
Is there an airport bag for it to purchase or should I get a generic one?
Would this be a good stroller for an infant as well?
The room temperature is not mentioned in the description. Does this have that capability?
Can you hear both cameras at the same time?
Can put the cameras in 2 different rooms? I am about to have my 2nd child &amp; I want to put one in each room which are next to each other. Thanks!!
Can this camera be mounted on the ceiling?
Does the system interfere with your WIFI on G or N networks or devices?
Can you see the image through internet?
Can the monitor have a split screen to see both cameras at once?
Does the MBP43 transmit constant video, or does it "wake" on noise / sound?
Can you add a second monitor? We're having our second child and would like to have two cameras and two monitors.
If the parent unit is set to view/listen in one room, will it switch to the other room automatically if noise is detected?
does this come with 1 or 2 diapers?? I don't see an option to chose which pattern I want.
my baby didn't like them can I return them using the money back guarantee even though they have been worn?
Are these made in the USA?
All in one is different than pocket... so which are these? Pocket or All In One?
what is the recommended sizing of these diapers? Are they usable on newborns? ie: from x-x lbs?
How can I order a different design
Hi! Do anybody knows if this stroller comes with the foot muff? Thanks
What is the seat to canopy height? Do you think this is usable through age 4?
Does the stroller recline flat? Or must I buy the bassinet to use it with a newborn? Thanks!
Does the seat color of this stroller grey or red?
Does this stroller come with boot and rain cover and the car seat?
Is this compatible with Peg Primo Viaggio 4.35 infant seat?
Hello, I am wondering if this stroller suits a newborn WITHOUT having the 30-30 car seat. Basically, do I need to buy that specific car seat to have this stroller be sensible from the very beginning, or can the baby just go right in there. Any help...
Up to what age or weight can we use this swaddle?
Does the bow open up into a ribbon or is it a stitched one? Does one have to tie the ribbon into a bow themselves every time?
The bow is not as pictured. That is the main reason i purchased this item. Do you have others available?I paid $49.95
What are the dimensions of this blanket?
Is it too warm for the summer?
Does it come with the bow?
why not ship to uae ???
Is it too hard for the baby to sleep the whole night?
Is this working in a bassinet stroller during winter time as blanket and also to cover the basinet hard pad offering to the baby more confort? Thanks.
Is this easy to put on the mattress? I have two other crib mattress covers and they are SO tight it's a battle to stretch them on every time!
Where is this made?
The crib mattress I have is 6" deep. Would this fit over it? In the measurements it says 5" .
does this go over the crib like a blanket or is it like a sheet where it is secured by the ends of the bed?
This is my second question: I read that xylitol, is not a healthy ingredient. Does anyone know more about it? Thanks
Is this toothpaste limited to toddlers? My grandkids are 4 and 7.
What is the age group of children who could use this?
Is there a tamper resistant safety seal?
Is this toothpaste safe to swallow?
Is this gluten and casein free?
Is this gluten and casein free?
At what age can a child start using this toothpaste?
Does this toothpaste foam? (My little guy does't like foam.)
Can someone tell me how this compares to Tom's for toddlers? I don't like all the 'gum' ingredients in them.
Is the changing table on top of the drawer 'fixed/screwed down' or is it free moving?
How tall is it?
I would like to buy a basket or two for the empty space on this changing table does anyone have the dimensions for this area?
Does it really have metal glides for the drawers to pull in/out smoothly?
what size changing pad does it take?
What is the material of this dresser?
What are the dimensions? It says 8.5" deep, but I assume that is the shipping box with the unassembled unit.
Is the finish more of an espresso color or a cherry color? On one website it looks like very dark brown and on another it looks more cherry.
are these compatible with calma nipple?
What parts do I need to use with this bottles? A collar and a nipple?
13.99 all of bottle or ech one?
Are these only compatible with Medela pumps?
does it come with the box? any sterilizer bags as the bonus?
Can I just remove the center button at the cap and replace with nipple or do I have to buy another cap?
Is this compatible with the Medela swing electronic breastpump ?
Do these bottle have the oz etched on the side or is it printed? (The etched ones are clear where the printed ones look like the ones in the picture)
how many hours does it take to thaw frozen breastmilk in the refrigerator using these medela bottles?
What is the diameter of these bottles? I have a small storage area...
Hi, i need to know what is the size of the box.
In 2012, these chairs were recalled. Has the issue been resolved since then?
Does anyone know if it is big enough to hold 18-24 month olds? It looks kinda small.
Is seat cover removable?
Can the legs come off?
Hi, What is the differnce between this high chair and the Minimeal?
how come origin says China, but the video shows Evenflo products are American made?
is this chair too big for a 4 month old? roughly 14 lb
Does the child sit up pretty straight in this? Or is there a lean back to it?
what dimension is this package ?
Does this work with the Kiinde Twist system?
What is the basic difference between the S1 and S2? I see the speed ranges are different but that doesn't seem to account for the price difference.
Can you tell me what is included with this pump?
Can someone tell me the dimensions of the pump? Is it the same size as the S2?
Anyone have luck connecting to Avent glass bottles or pumping directly into bags?
How do i know its fully charged?
How do you make this a double pump? I only see how to make it a single.
Are larger flanges available? Does this pump work with pumpin pals?
Is this the best pump for establishing supply and exclusive pumping?
Has anyone used the Medela Freestyle accessories with this pump?
What brand are these?
the insert is cotton or microfiber??
Do the legs have adjustable elastic or is it sewn in?
are these for newborns
Are these pocket diapers or all in one?
Do you need to change the insert and diaper with each wet changing or just change the insert for wet changes?
Do you need a diaper cover to put over these?
the title says 12 diapers and 12 inserts. and the picture says 6 diapers and 6 inserts. how many of each is it?
are the inserts one size as well, or do you need to purchase s,m, and larges as baby growes?
Hi, does these diapers still need a waterproof diaper cover too?
can you use a crib bumper with it, since the two end panels are solid?
How big is the packaging/box this crib comes in? I need to make sure it fits in my car.
Does this crib come with the conversion kit?
What size mattress fits best in this crib? I want to buy a mattress that fits snug in the crib without gaps on the sides and corners...thanks,
What are the white panels made of?
How long is the tether?
How big is the pocket?
Will this fit a 16 year old girl?
What age or size toddler is this for?
Can i put photos? How many?
How many pages are in good?
Does this book have a page for hand AND footprints?
Does this book have pages for each month of the first year as well as for 1st through 5th birthdays?
Does this comforter look ok on a crib converted to a toddler bed? I have looked for a bed like they have in this picture and they don't seem to exist
dose the set come with the comforter looks exact the same as picture. the comforter i meant one with sweet as a princess print on top of the bed. tks!
Are there matching curtains for this set?
Does the fitted sheet fit a twin sized bed? My niece, who will be 3, sleeps in a day bed with a protective side railing.
lalaloopsy comforter
Are the sheets and pillowcase all 100% polyester? Do they feel soft or rough to the skin? Thank you.
is this flammable
Is this for a full bed? This looks to be a full bed based on the picture..
Does the bedding set come with a pillowcase with castle image or a picture of sophia?
Hi , Is this avalible for shipping to the UK? if so what would cost be many thanks
what is the weight limit
Is the puppy a removable insert or is it all one piece?
Does this puppy version rock on it's own?
Traveling by plane and wondering how well this will fold up/collapse? Does it come with some sort of cover/case?
We are adopting out of state, and willhave to live in a hotel for the first 2-3 weeks. IS this appropriate for a newborn to sleep in?
what powers it?
Some of the photos show a puppy face, but others are blank (no nose, eyes...). Is that because it's reversible, or could I receive a blank one?
What is the difference between the deluxe rock n play sleeper and the regular rock n play sleeper?
is that the same product as this? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00C...
Do you still need bouncer if you have this one? I was looking for bouncer but thought this can be that AND side sleeper.
Is this essentially the same product as the My Little Snugabunny Cradle N Swing?
what is max weight of a baby this product can handle?
Does this swing have a timer on it?
Is this Snugapuppy Cradle N Swing the same item as My little Snugapuppy Cradle Baby Swing for $149.00?
anyone having very loud motor noise? we just assembled ours and the motor is constantly very loud and not just when it starts up! should I return it?
How long to the batteries last?
How far back does this swing recline?
What were the dimensions of the box unopened? I am contemplating taking this to my daughter in Costa Rica as a piece of luggage.
What is the footprint of this swing? How much space does it take when built up?
Does this vibrate at all?
where can i get the straw refill? it doesn't fit with regular straw.
does the bottle really not leaks even if we move down the bottle?
Can this be used for hot water and keep the temperature&#xFF1F;
Does the straw on this thermos has a valve?
Is this dishwasher safe
Is there a minimum age requirement?? Wondering if my 19 month old is a little young for this one.
Is this thermos BPA free?
Does it have a pocket at the back?
I cloth diaper which means I need a bigger bag in general. Is this bag big enough for a cloth diapering mama?
Is the shoulder strap removable?
Is the strap long enough to be worn as a cross-body bag?
Do the front outside pockets have any kind of closure ? Velcro maybe .i believe someone answered the back outside changing pocket didn't ?
Does anyone know if this diaper bag is BPA, Phthalate, and PVC free?
Would this fit a 15" laptop
Is this bag heavy? Even without anything in it is it heavy?
Does it come with a changing pad?
Is this bag easy to clean inside and out in case of spills?
I read somewhere that there is an expiration date. Is that correct? If this is the case , then when does this one expires?thanks.
Has anyone found a solution to baby slumping to one side when riding in stroller not using infant seat? Very disappointing! Baby is uncomfortable!
So do I need to lock the swivel on the front wheel, if so what's the point of having swivel?
How tall is the handle from the ground? I'm about 6' and don't want to lean over to push the stroller
I brought a red one and just got it today. But the CANOPY on car seat can not be opened. Could you help on this?
Is this item: Britax B-Agile and B-Safe Travel System, Red - Britax $246.13 Condition: Used - Like New Only 1 left in stock. the 2014 model?
How about the tires? Are they solid or inflatable? Works good for dirty and rocky roads?
Is this the model that includes the Britax B-Safe base kit ?
Is this a good stroller for jogging?
Has anyone got this travel system through open box sale ? and are you satisfied with the product ?
What are the shipping dimensions? Do the stroller and the car seat come together in a single box?
What year is this model?
Would the stroller be suitable for an unpaved trail in a state park? The trail is flat dirt with some rocks.
Which is the best car seat cover that goes with this?
Does the cover have the ability to cover the entire baby?
I would like to know if the Britax B-Safe Base Kit came together with stroller, could you answer me?
wheels have metal parts and brackets or are they entirely plastic?
is the car seat certified for use in air travel
What age can an infant sit in the stroller directly, without the car seat?
Can I use the car seat WITHOUT the base? Wanna use it on a trip and don't have space for the base. Tnx
Will 2and 3 year old toddlers be comfortable in this stroller?
does this stroller tip over when a diaper bag is hanging on the back and there is no child in the stroller?
this Item include the baby carriage? I mean I f I want to use it, must I to buy for other seller the car seat or the baby carrier???
Will this fit in a Honda Civic trunk when folded?
does this stroller . include a car seat ?
what do we use to fill tires?
The sit can recline at 180 degres?
weighs approximately how ?
I would like to know the Shipping dimension.. how big is the box? the cubic feet or cubic in thank you
Can I jog with this stroller on a very bumpy sidewalk? Will my baby be comfortable?
Does anyone know if the Eddie Bauer car seat will work with this stroller?
Do the tires go flat?
I see the material for this stroller is polyester. Will it be comfortable for the baby?
Is the green color shown on the stroller correct or is the color swatch correct because they look very different to me!
does this stroller tip over when you have a diaper bag hanging on the handle bar and there is no child sitting in the stroller?
Do people use this as jogging stroller? description says not to be used as jogging stroller - maybe because no hand brake?
How long should the tires last and any idea on where to get replacements since stroller is discontinued?
I have the britax b safe car seat, I know it says that it's compatible with the britax chaperone. Where can I find the adapter to use for my car seat?
does this come with a removable car seat or can a car seat be placed inside the stroller also?
I see that it fits infant car seats. Does it fit convertible car seats? If so, which ones?
Are these bowls microwave safe?
Are these silicone rubbery plastic, flexible semi-soft plastic, flexible hard plastic, or nearly brittle hard plastic? Also, how thick are the bowls?
Are these product BPA free?
Are these spoons and bowls dishwasher safe?
What age are these for? My son is 5 months
is the product made in China?
What colours do the spoons come in? Are they as pictured?
Do these bowls come in the colors shown per this listing?
I don't see lids in the photo yet the listing describes lids. Please advise?!
Can you please tell me the dimensions (length &amp; height) of the stroller when it is folded? And does the seat reclines to a flat position?
It says minimum weight 60lbs and maximum weight 50lbs. Which are the correct amounts?
can i use this for a newborn baby?
How tall are the handles? I'm 6ft tall...I hate trying to hunch and push
how does the seat recline? draw string, or lever? Does the canopy fully block sun or is it worthless? Does the basket hold a lot? Thanks
Is this stroller easy to use in terrain like gravel, dirt, and soft grass?
it says the seat reclines, does it lay flat so the baby can sleep?
What is the weight of this stroller?
What color is it? Dark red?
Does it include the infant car seat base in the $279.99 price??
What are the dimensions of the stroller when folded?
Hi dear , what is the car seat position ? that i mean where is the direction of baby face to front of the car or to the rear of the car ?
What is the color?
Does this car seat fit into the top of a typical shopping cart when running errands?
Can I lower the back so the baby can sleep?
Can you go jogging with it?
INGL&Atilde;&#138;S hello which the product packaging size? and weight?
How much does the stroller weigh?
Do these have holes in the bottom? Are they dishwasher safe?
Are they hard plastic or soft so that they can be used as a bath squirt toy?
Do they squeak?
how big are they?
Does the night-vision feature light up the baby's room?
How long can it record for on the 2GB SD card? And does anyone know if it can use a bigger SD card? Thinking about times when you have a babysitter.
Does this monitor have VOX mode? An out of range indicator? A low battery indicator?
Can the camera mount onto the wall?
How is the video quality during the day and at night?
How do you put the sd card in? I have had this for a while and have never figured it out. :/
If you purchase a second camera, does this monitor scan between each camera with video and audio like the other monitors on the market? My monitor that just recently broke, would allow you to put it on a scan option and it would go back and forth every...
Regarding the warranty, all I find is a card saying if you post a review you get a 1 year extended warranty. Is this the only way to get the warranty?
My baby broke this camera :( Is that possible to fix it? If yes, where can I fix it?
How do you put the SD card in? I cannot find this in instructions. Thanks!
Does this double as a car seat?
I am six feet tall. It looks like the bottom waist strap is going to end up right below my chest and not my waist. Is this true, tall people?
What is weight limit?
Is there much storage space on the carrier - any pockets or anything?
can the sun canopy be removed?
Hello, I am wondering if this would fit in a large suitcase for traveling? Thanks a million!
How big is the waist &amp; chest belt for the parent? Both my husband &amp; I are over 200lbs. Looking to go hiking in a few weeks with our 18mo.
my son will be 2 1/2. he weighs just under 30 pounds now...will this be comfoprtable for him/me?
Would even a small baby (17 lbs) be able to see above the bar? Our little is only happy when she can see and some back carriers are to tall for her!
How comfortable is this carrier for shorter people? I'm 5' 2".
What type of plastic are these made from?
I'm a bit confused as the picture clearly shows 6 different textured balls but the description says the set is "4 cute critter balls" which is wrong?
Dishwasher-safe?
Which country is this made in?
Do they bounce and roll?
How many come in the pack? The picture shows 6, but the info says 4. Do any of the balls make a rattle noise?
The picture shows 6 balls, but the description says 4 balls. Which is it ? 4 or 6 balls in the set that is shipped? Thanks !
how big are they (on average)?
I want to know several ball inside a package
I want to know several ball inside a package
Are they made in America
How many are there?
do they float in tub?
Are these made with PVC like so many of the other rubber like toys that are similar?
do they make noises
Are these plastic or rubber?
What is size of each individual block?
How many comes in a package?
can they be submerged in water without water trapping?
Can you mount this mobile on a crib with a solid wood panel (no bars)?
Are you able to remove the mobile from the base so that baby can still play music from the base, even after she's too old for the hanging pieces?
Does this model have a remote control?
Is it possible to turn the light off?
Is it too late to use it on a three-month-old?
what kind of music is played?
Does this attach to a Graco pack and play?
How does it attach to the crib? Is the mechanism adjustable, able to rotate?
would this work on a small crib? The size they use at a NICU?
Will this work with rechargeable C batteries that are 1.2 volt and not the 1.5 it says it needs?
Does this co sleeper come with mattress, fitted sheet etc?
Could the bassinet mattress be used in the bottom of the play yard to make this a travel crib for an older baby?
Are the sides breathable enough with the cover in there? Can you see the baby enough without the mesh sides?
Which leg extensions match the java dot frame?
Does the cosleeper comes with the strap and plate trAvel bag, removable fabric liner,fired sheet, etc. ?
The product dimensions appear to be the shipping dimensions; can anyone tell me how wide the mini co-sleeper is?
Do we need to buy extra paddings/skirts for the bassinet? Looks like it was surrounded by mesh all around... .
Can you access the bottom for storage?
What's the height of the flap when it's folded down? Basically, how high do you have to lift the baby over in order to place him/her on the mattress?
What is the maximum weight for the bassinet? Most of the other co-sleepers are 23lbs. Is this the same?
Do standard basinette sheets work?
Is this easy to pack up for travel on a plane?
Do you roll down the side in the middle of the night to get baby? Is this difficult?
Is this mesh on all 4 sides?
Can you remove the fabric for easy washing?
Can you buy additional cameras for this unit, and how often will the unit cycle between multiple cameras, other video monitors are 3-12 sec. scans.
Does this product have additional cameras available?
can you use additional cameras
how long does battery last for
Can be plugged to 220v? thanks!
If there is no sound in the baby's room, do you hear static? My motorola monitor makes constant white noise which I hate.
Can the camera be wall mounted?
Does the camera have to be plugged in to the wall 24-7? How does it work? Thanks!
When paired to two cameras and set in VOX, does the unit switch to the noisy child or can you only monitor one room at a time?
nothing coming through
Can you hear both cameras at the same time?
How easy is it to switch to a new camera feed? Is there a quick way to access it instead of going to menu, selecting camera and then selecting the cam
How do you use the shuffle of audio? Is it an actual function or something you have to do manually?
Does it record from all cameras?
When in peep mode will it alert you to which ever child needs you if crying coughing etc, whether you where on that camera or not?
Does it have temperature display?
Can you use a split screen to see both cameras at the same time?
Can you mount the camera to the wall or does it need to sit on a shelf?
this comes with two cameras, correct?
Measures room temperature?
what about CROTCH DANGLER ISSUES with bjorn?
Biggest criticism with Baby Bjorn carrier is backache that occurs in parents using it. Does this model address this issue?
I have the original Bjorn Carrier and little man loves it. I do get very sore shoulders/upper back after wearing it for a while. Does this new design help alleviate this? I would think so, given the waist belt, but would appreciate feedback!
Can I carry my toddler on my back facing outward?
Does this carrier have the option for a closed pouch-like bottom for newborns, similar to the Ergo carrier?
Is it annoying that there is no hood? Does the lack of it bother sleeping babies?
is the mesh or cotton mix cooler for hot weather?
Does the flap really bend down properly and stay down or will it go in my baby's face?
Is the mesh material itchy at all?
It looks as though the waist band "hooks" instead of latches. Does the hook ever come off during use?
Does it come with car seat base as is in photo?
Can anyone recommend a stroller for this car seat which doesn't cost as much as the Quinny or Bugaboo?
Does it have any safety certification?
Is the fabric washable?
Will this fit in a 2009 Honda FIT?
Is the removable fabric machine washable and dryer safe?
Diez it include a base compatible with ONLY seat bealt?
Will this fit in any affordable jogging stroller? By affordable I mean not the Bob that is out of my budget.
Could you please tell me if it has hte Canadian Saftey approval stamp? Thank you!
What stroller is this shown with in the picture?
Do regular changing pad covers fit on this product? Has it been a real burden to clean ? Thanks in advance.
What are the dimensions of PooPoose Wiggle Free Diaper Changing pad
size
Are there straps to secure this to a changing table?
Does this changing pad have some sort of non-skid bottom? If I put directly on a dresser will the whole pad slide around or stay put?
Up to what age would you estimate this pad to continue to be useful for? My baby is 9 months already but impossible to change.
how do i secure the pad into a table-top WITHOUT putting screws? Its not mine to drill in
how does this product meet flammability requirements? I saw your answer that there are no flame retardants added, but please elaborate...
Does anyone use American Baby Co. Heavenly Soft Chenille Covers for this pad? If so, are the holes in the correct place for the straps?
what is foam made of?
Do you think this would work for cloth wipes? Does it leak moisture?
Hey there! Would continuos rolls work in this if I cut off say 15-20 at a time to use? Thanks! : )
how many wipes does it hold?
dry
Do you have to buy special wipes to put in it?
Why does the item weight 9 pounds, but the shipping weight is 6 oz??
It doesn't look 12" long like the dimensions say - can you provide the dimensions with and without the strap length included?
does it come with any wipes, or is it just an empty case?
The color aqua is real aqua as the description says or it's more like baby blue?
Would this work with damp cloth wipes I make myself (ie. would liquid leak out)?
Are these same as Alva bamboo/microfiber inserts? The photo here is same as for Alva inserts...
Are these supposed to be actual inserts that you put in a "pocket" diaper? Or are they supposed to be liners used as an extra barrier outside pocket?
Are these same as Alva bamboo/microfiber inserts? It's the same photo as for Alva inserts...
Where is this product manufactured?
Is this made of SOLID wood?
Is this made in USA ? And is there any odor?
What is the height of the crib in the back vs the front?
is the mattress height adjustable?
This item sells for $349, why are you charging more? Does it come with the dresser? If so I will buy.
What do i need to buy for the conversion kit?
How light is the "Chestnut" color? I'm looking for more of a walnut tone.
What size mattress does it need?
What is the height of the mattress at its lowest and highest settings? I'm going to make a crib skirt and would like to make it the correct length.
How far apart the spindles? I've read the distance should be no more than 2 3/8" on cribs, but I can't find this information in the listing. Thanks.
...would this be big enought to fit a big phone as Galaxy Note X with Leather/Wallet Case and of course extra stuff: keys, makeup, cards...etc...?
what are the dimensions of this clutch?
When I add this to my cart, it shows a completely different photo from the one I want to buy.. is this the black one with the studs on the flap?
Does the bag really have a bad smell?? One review stated it smelled like a dead fish. I'm concerned that it will smell.
Will the phone fall out of the clutch easily?
is there anyway to see the inside when its open
is there anyway to see the inside when its open
What is PU Leather? Is it actual leather?
Does the carseat come with the base or will I need to purchase separate?
Does anybody use this carseat with a sedan? Can you put it behind the driver's seat ok? We have a mazda 6
Has anyone had an issue with strapping in larger babies due to the groin strap being stationary?
What is the purpose of the bar near the baby's feet? Other infant car seats don't seem to have this.
Did anyone else have problems with this seat being past expiration when they ordered from Amazon? I'm liking it so far but that's disconcerting.
Is it a isofix system?
Does this seat work with the universal car seat adaptor with the city select stroller?
Is it a isofix system?
what is the difference between the combi shuttle car seat, and the combi shuttle 33 infant car seat ?
does it come with a base? i see people buying a base
Can the name be a different color than the two designs on the side?
Is it reusable?
If I order this decal, how can I get the name I want and the color? I don't see a place on order to customize this item.
Will this decal stick to textured walls?
I just ordered a personalized name aned butterflies blossom custom for girl wall decal 1104. How do I get the correct name and color on it?
How do I message you my name for my decal?
My daughters name will be Maria Fernanda, is it possible? Or is it too long?
where do you go to message the company to tell them the name and color you want?
If the name is 8 letters long what will the size be Thx
I would like to order this wall decal with default color (041-Pink). I am wondering how soon this will delivered to Oklahoma City if place an order and make payment right away? Please let me know.
After filling them up, can the pouches be stood up, or do they need to lay flat? Also, do Sip'n help stop spills?
Can you use these with the Infantino Squeeze station?
I have another brand that leaks over time. How do these hold up to leaking as far as lunchboxes or overnight in the fridge?
Can I adapt the infantino spoons?
Are these freezer safe?
Can anyone provide any reviews after extended use? I'm wondering how they hold up over time and after multiple uses and washings.
Can you add a straw attachment?
Are these a pain to fill? I see that they offer some that have a zipper on the bottom but they aren't the cute animal ones!
Are these made in America?
Where are these manufactured?
The camera and handheld unit work without a wifi conection like a regular baby monitor? Or the handheld works only throught wifi connection?
Does this monitor have two way communication where I can talk to the baby from the main monitor?
can you add multiple cameras
does it work outside of US?
Can you use a different internet monitoring application or does it only work with the Summer application?
Can you buy a second monitor if you want to use one upstairs and one downstairs? I would rather not carry all over the house.
Does the app run in the background and give crying/sound activation on your mobile?
it`s works with 220v?
Does this have pan/tilt/zoom functionality?
Can anyone tell me if the AC Adapters provided are 110/240volts??? I need them to be like that because in Argentina we use 220v. Thank you
How big is this bowl? I am debating between this one nuk mash and serve but dont want a big bowl since my baby is just 4.5 month old...Any thoughts?
How does this compare to the Nuk masher?
What type of plastic is this made from? Plactic #7?
is this good for making baby food for a 6.5 month baby, i.e boiled carrot or pea puree, bananas,pears, avocado
Microwave safe?
is this good for making baby food for a 6.5 month baby, i.e boiled carrot or pea puree, bananas,pears, avocado
Does this base only fit the 2015 model or does it also fit the 2011 model?
Does this fit in maxi cosi citi?
Does this fit the 2015 maxi cosi ap?
Does this fit with the Maxi Cosi Cabriofix model?
It is compatible only with mico car seat?
Is this item just the plastic base or does it include the latch belt system as well?
Does this base fit the 2011 Model (Maxi Cosi Mico)? Is the Release Handle on the Base or on the Seat?
Does it works with Isofix? thank you
Will this base compatible with Maxi Cosi Pebble infant car seats?
Will this base also install with a seat belt? One of our cars does not have the ISO fix.
Does it play music when baby bounces? It says piano but I don't see it in the photos, where and is it any good? Can baby reach rings on frame?
Does the seat rotate?
What is the weight limit?
Is this bag water proof?
Can you fit the Foonf along with rearfacing attachment?
Has anyone had success with gate checking this?
Does this fit the Fflo car seat?
have anybody tried to put empty clek weelee in the overhead bin in the airplane? how does it work?
will this handle well through airport luggage?
does the bag collapse into a fairly small pile when empty? trying to figure out if it is practical to store in trunk of rental car during carseat whil
Does anyone use this with a orbit toddler seat or a recaro proride performance? Just not sure if it actually universally fits all carseats.
Do you know if this travel bag can carry the Maxi-Cosi Pria 70? The dimensions of this car seat are little bit bigger (21.2 x 29.5 x 22.8 inches)
Does this come with the rain cover?
Hello does this steoller come with a sun canopy?
My oldest is 42 inches tall, would she fit?
I want to order this in black is it available?
can the car seat be placed in the front or the rear seat? Are there options for which seat takes the car seat?
Is this compatible with the Graco Snugride Infant Car Seat, Platinum? Here's the model: http://www.amazon.com/Graco-Snugride-...
would my 4 month old sit in this easily? I dont really plan t use it much until 6 months though. does it have a 5 point harness?
Does it recline at all? Or is the back stationary? Thank you!
Can you use it at the table with tray removed?
How much weight does this chair support?
We have a pub table that's standard countertop high ,would it fit it ?
is the cover removable?
Is the seat cover fabric or plastic?
does it have breaks and wheels in front?
can kids operate this on their own too...WIthout the remote control?
Does this car come with the 6V battery?
how tall can the kid be? because i have a 3 years kid but he is 43.5 inches
DOES THIS CAR COMES WITH MP3 FOR HIS OWN MUSIC???
i need to get a new charger
I need a fuse for my sons car can anyone help as to where I need to get it from??
any suggestions....when using the remote, the front tires will not move left or right.
The fuse has busted twice. Where do I get extra and why do they keep busting??
Does anyone know why the car will turn left perfectly but will barely turn right. I can manually turn the wheel but I have to use a little force.
What is the manufacturer's recommended age for this product?
Do the oven and refrigerator doors actually open? Is there room in the "sink" to put things?
Would this work without the lights and sounds?
Is this toy bpa free?
Few balls included?
How big are the balls? What's the size?
Can this be used right over the "mattress" that comes with the Pack n Play, or do you have to purchase another mattress to go with it?
What color is this mattress pad cover? It says gray next to the color description, but looks like an off-white/natural color in the photo.
Has anyone used this on the original Pack n Play mattress for a newborn? Or is it too soft?
Looking for a mattress to fit the Ingenuity play yard- dimensions are 40 x 29 x 28.5- would this work?
Does this seem to significantly increase the comfort of the pack n play mattress?
Does anyone know if this fits the pack n play on the go travel playard?
Is the color gray or natural, like on the picture?
does this fit the Chicco pack n play ?
Does this fit the "Graco Pack n Play on the Go Playard"?
I bought a standard pack &amp; play fitted sheet &amp; it doesn't fit, can you tell me what size sheets fit this mattress ?
How hard is it to put onto an Idea Crib? Does it fit over the wooden mesh base that holds the matress up?
Is this for Mini Crib? I have a DaVinchi Mini Crib.
Are the same exact same shades of gray and white used for the gray zigzag crib bed skirt and gray with white dot fitted sheet?
When you have your crib raised for smaller babies does this skirt reach the ground or only when the crib is lowered?
Is the chevron pattern really small or bigger?
Is this 3 sided or 4 sided skirt
Does this fit the chicco keyfit 30???
Can this fit on a Britax Frontier 90?
Will this fit any brand car seat or just Britax?
Will this fit a car seat with multiple crotch buckle positions? (Specifically the Graco Milestone All-In-One, which has 2 slots for the crotch strap)
can this be used on small eldery adult with contenence proplems
britax convertible
Will this liner fit a Graco toddler car seat
How tall is the part that covers the buckle? I have a boy and definitely need to consider that.
Is this machine washable?
Does it fit in the britax booster seats?
my granddaughter wants this gift in clear.bottles.I can't tell if they are clear or not?
I do not want to microwave the bottles is there another way to sterilize them?
How many bottle caps are included in this set?
Is the steam microwave sterilizer the same as the one sold separately by avent
it say free shipping , but in the cart you charge me the shipping what happened?
Do the 4 oz bottles have newborn nipples? Are newborn nipples considered Speed 1?
what is the shipping weght??
where is this gift set place of origin?
what speed of flow are the nipples coming with this set?
I have a smaller microwave that measures only 11.5 inches across the front opening (the smallest horizontal dimension). Will the sterilizer fit?
Are only 2 newborn nipples included with the 5 bottles?
Can these be washed in a dishwasher?
I come packaged in original box ?
what material?
Do these bottles fit in the Phillips Avent Warmer? Need to know ASAP. Thank you!
Will these bottles fit onto a Medela breast pump without an adapter?
is it all the bottles includes the cap ?
What is the difference between the regular product and the pack of two?
Can you use the natural nipples on the regular avent bottles
goodnight would know what color are these baby bottles . because you want transparent.
It says the monitor mounts but is it also free standing
Does this have a room temperature indicator?
Is there a bivoltage version of this product (110-220)?
What are the adapters used in this item in order to check if I could find similar with 220V ?
could you confirm that it is working on 220v??
What is the amount of voltage and Hz?
Does it has two ways comunication??
I`ve used this product for a few days. At first I liked it very much. But now I want to know if WIFI will affect the signal?
Can you add a second camera and flip between both views?
May I know what is the voltage of the plug adapter? Is it 120~240v? Thanks
What is the difference between this and the very similar Philips Avent Baby Monitor? They don't describe what "Night Mode" is. Is it just a $40 stand?
can you view temperature in &ordm;C or &ordm;F or just &ordm;F?
can the parent unit be plugged to power supply instead of using batteries?
100-240 volt? can we use it in other country? in a house with 2 floors it works?
Is it possible to have/use a second parent unit with this system? Thanks :)
Can this be used in India (or other Asian countries)where voltage is in range of 220V ?
We have the previous version for our toddler son. Will the two units interfere with eachother at all?
in a power shortage, if I have batteries installed in the baby unit, will it continue to work?
Is it pretty light-weight and suitable for traveling to Europe?
Does the monitor have dual power suply, 110/220 V?
does this fit SCF334 model?
Is this a two pack? It doesn't say that?
Does this part fit the older Philips Avent twin electronic breast pump(SCF294/304/314)?
Does this come with the "stem" attachment to the tubing? If not, where can I find it?
Does it work with the manual pump - comfort series?
Does this fit to single electric hand held electric pump?
Hi, I have avent pump SCF 332... Does this diaphragm is correct for this model? Thanks
what quantity is this?
Do these work with the older pump (Isis Double Electric)?
Does this part fit the older Philips Avent Isis double electric pump?
Can this product be used with Philips Avent Double Electric Comfort Breast Pump?
Do these valves work with the 2 year old Avent twin electronic breast pump that originally came with the duckbill style valves?
Hello. Please confirm how many valves in the package
I am having trouble finding valves for the SCF 294/304/314 MODEL. AND CAN'T FIND THEM ANYWHERE. help??
I am an expecting mom and is planning to buy the the Avent Manual Comfort Breast Pump? Is it sure that I can use this replacement valve for this pump?
Can these be used with the Avent Isis manual breast pump?
How many pieces are there for this price?
do the labels come with these baby bottles
Do you think I could fit a few kisses (chocolates)?
Is the 3inch tall referring to the bottle height and not counting the removable cap? I'm trying to decide on the size of stickets to get.
one order comes with 24 bottles right?
Where can I get the seals?
what size round label fits on these bottles?
How sturdy are these?
Do the lids twist on, or pop on?
What's the youngest age you think a child could fit in this? My daughter's not 18 months yet.
How easy is it for a child to unstrap the front and wiggle out?
How long is the leash?
is this also a backpack where i can put her stuff inside of it?
This one seems to be taller/larger than the scuttlebug? Do you think a very large 2 year old would be able to use it?
My granddaughter is going to be 4. Is this too small for her?
Is there a difference (other than the color options) between the Fly Bike and the Scuttlebug?
How high is the top of the seat?
Are the wheels rubber or plastic?
is the seat adjustable up and down height wise?
I just got the fly bike with no instructions on how to fold it back for traveling. I figured it out how to get it set up, but I am stumped at trying to fold it back down. Can anyone provide me with the instructions&gt; Thanks
I'm curious to know how well this rolls on carpet.
I am concerned about the small wheels getting stuck in sidewalk cracks. How do the wheels perform on sidewalks/roads?
Can a child over 40 lbs use the fly bike?
is it recommended to wear a helmet while riding?
is the fly bike height adjustable?
How to make it taller?
Does anyone know how this compares to the Chicco Red Bullet Balance or Strider No Pedal Balance? Thanks.
Does it roll well on different terrains e.g. grass, pavements, tar roads? Or is it more of an indoor toy?
It doesn't say which 4 pieces come with this package. I would assume it comes with the quilt and a fitted sheet, but what are the other 2 pieces?
which really come in this package of 4 pieces?
Is this set more purple than blue? If not, what shade of blue is it?
Is the bumper inlcluded in the set?
product description says it includes the bumper. is that correct? Just want to make sure before ordering: 4 pieces, quilt, bumper, sheet and ruffle.
wheres the matching products?
Does this bouncer have the ability to adjust the incline of the seat or is the seat fixed in one position?
What is the maximum age/height/weight for this product? My child is 6 months old 16 lbs. Will this assist her in sitting up independent?
Does it provide enough support for a newborn?
does it have music
does it take up alot of room
i would like to know if this product works as rocking?
can i travel with this
What is the weight limit?
What is the footprint of the assembled product?
Does the baby seat recline?
Where can I purchase an additional AC Adaptor for this item?
what weight does this go up to
what weight does it go up to
does it come with ac adapter
Will this folded swing fit in a suitcase? We are moving to another country and I would like to take it with us. thanks
Where do batteries go?
Is this good for new born, my son is 3 and a half week old
Can I use it for my 4 week old son, it says the target gender is female?
Does this come wth the elephant and lion toy bar?
Does it come with batteries?
What company is this made by? Never heard of "Comfort and Harmony"!
Do the batteries last in this? Biggest complaint with Baby Einstein seems to be that batteries only last a week. I am trying to decide between these 2
How does this soother turn off? The FP Rainforest Soother can be turned off and on by my toddler pushing the button on the front.
what all moves around on this toy?
how long does the music play for?
Does the remote work through a closed door?
Its come with vibrating mode too?
does it take up a lot of room
Does the swing play music?
Does it take up a lot of room
Up to how many pounds does this swing support?
Does this swing run on batteries or plug into the wall?
I just got mine today. I start it on the highest speed setting and within 2-3 minutes the swing has stopped moving. Do I have a defective swing?
what is the maximum weight for this swing?
Does this swing have a timer, or will it keep running indefinitely if you want it to?
I need to know if have vibrating too. Thanks
Is this really noiseless as advertised? I have a FP full size swing now and at start the motor makes a pretty jarring noise that actually makes my baby cry
what is the weight limit?
does it swing side to side or back and front
Do you have to use the timer or is it possible to leave the swing on for a few hours?
Plz how many months old it is recommended to put the baby in it? Thanks! is a newborn fine or better 3 months or 6 months at least?
Did anyone have troubles using this swing for their newborns?
HOW MUCH WEIGHT CAN THIS HOLD?
Can you swing it manually?
Buying this for my new grandchild-to-be. Can it also be used as an infant seat? Will it lock in place and not swing?
How does the front fasten over the baby? Is it velcro or a snap buckle? And do you have to take off the cover to adjust the straps?
Can you operate the motor without music? Just spinning?
How long do the batteries last?
Do you have to hit stop for this to turn off?
How long does the music play for? Does it spin?
What are the melodies in this?
Can you choose one song that it will play continuously, or does it just play all twelve songs in a row?
How many decibel does the mobile create?
My mobile isn't spinning. Is there something I need to do to get this motor to spin? Or is mine defective?
Does this have a volume control?
Can you use this mobile with an existing mobile? I have mobile elephants which my baby loves but it only goes around for 1 min.
are they flushable?
what material is it made of? does it protect from moisture/wetness on the toilet seat?
Are these individually wrapped?
I have a two year old son. Do I have to use with a folding potty seat under this? Or this can stop him falling down into a toilet?
what material is it made of? does it protect from moisture/wetness on the toilet seat?
How do these fit on the oblong/oval public toilets?
What are the materials used to make these pouches?
How many ounces do these pouches hold?
Can you use attachable spoons for these?
Are these colored on both sides? My daughter won't eat from them if she can see the food.
Do these pouches work with the Infantino Squeeze Station?
Where is this product manufactured?
Are these reinforced along the zipper like the new regular Yummi Pouches?
Can I fit the maxi-cosi Rodifix in my BMW X3?
How wide is the *base* of the seat? It looks barely wider than the ISOFIX anchors, which should be 11" apart. But the description says 16.2".
What is the width at the WIDEST part of the seat, which appears to be the side wings?
I hear the side wings are just foam. In a three across situation with potentially some rough climbing in/out, will the seat hold up or break?
What are the shipping dimensions? (length X width X height&#xFF09;
A cup holder is not included? Is it sold as an accessory (unable to find one searching online)?
Does anyone know if this car seat has a high chemical content?
My son is within the recommended height/weight. But is there a recommended age? He is 21 months old. Wondering if I should go with a harness seat?
Has anyone tried this seat in Porsche 911 (997) rear seat?
We have a tight 3 across and the base here looks narrow enough/easy to buckle. Why then are there such wide side wings (it would not fit)?
Hello, do you think this latch system would work on the back MIDDLE seat of a Honda CRV?
package size
is this made out of the same neoprene material as the maxi cosi Pria 70? thanks.
What age range would these be useful for?
Will this fit over my 6 month old sons head? He has a large head, which is normal but i am just wondering if this will fit?
Are they thick enough for those learning to drink from an open mouth cup to not wind up with wet clothes underneath the bib?
are these 100% cotton?
are they waterproof?
I have a chevrolet impala, Do you think this seat will fit well in the backseat? I would have two of them in the backseat.
Is there a seat height adjustment under the seat? I ask because I noticed the seats in the pics for red and knight colors look warped in comparision.
Is the seat back removable so it becomes a backless booster ?
Is the cover removable and machine washable? Or you just have to wipe it clean?
What is the material like? Is it slick/slipper like a windbreaker or is it soft?
Is there any height requirement? My 3 year old is 33 lb but not too tall.
If I recline the rear seat half way (45 degrees) will this Recaro bosster also recline while using it as a full high back booster seat?
Is there a way to guarantee that the booster is made in the USA? The place of origin says USA and imported.
Is there anyone who knows actual dimension of the shipping box? I have concern if it be too bigger than the product dimension.
How many pounds of this car seat?
are the latches adjustable so you can tighten them?
Does it fit the back seat of a Porsche 911 (the old one did)?
What is the dimension of the seat? Front to back, worried about it "hitting" under my childs thigh and not at the back of the knee.
Does the high back come off to eventually convert to just the bottom booster seat?
I have a Volkswagen beetle convertible. do you think it would fit in my car?
Does this have a 5 point harness still or does this drop down to a 3 point?
What is the weight of the seat with and without its packaging?
Since this seat is wider than most, thoughts on how this would fit in a Toyota Prius?
Does the fabric clean well? We had an older gray/pink Recaro and it does not clean well. Is it easy to get the fabric off to clean?
Will this seat fit on an airplane?
Does this model use a isofix?
If we put this in our Mercedes C55, will the seats on either side of the car seat be available for an adult to sit and buckle up as well?
Does this model use a latch
Does this seat convert to a NON-high back booster? Does the back come off and the bottom just become a regular booster seat?
Does the padding in the headrest cause the head to fall forward when they fall asleep? This is a problem with our Britax.
How thick is the seat back? I don't have much back seat room and need a thinner back that puts the child farther away from the seatback in front .
is this carseat smooth on the bottom, or will it make dents? (just wondering if a seat protector should be purchased to go with it)
Can your 5 year old buckle and unbuckle the seat belt themselves? It will be used in a BMW X5. Thanks!
Do you also sell the full size conversion rail for this set?
I ordered this crib in "dove white." I find it to be more of a gray/ beige? I wasn't expecting a stark white crib but this color is strange. Anyone else have this color?
Is there a matching dresser?
Does this crib require a certain size of mattress? If so, what size should I be looking for? Thanks!
Is the weathered grey color a light grey like it appears in the photo online? I'm looking for a pale color.
Do i have to buy the base seperately?
Would this car seat fit a graco stroller?
will this car seat work for any baby trend base
does this not come with a base to secure it to?
Does this play yard include the "Flip away changing table"?
Can you let me know the weight and dimension of the box of the shipment
does the bassinet bed convert to the play yard for when the baby is bigger and outgrown the bassinet?
Does this book have a page for each month 1-12?
Does it have a page for baby's footprints?
Could someone tell me what each of the pages are in the book? I would just like more specifics on what it covers....
Whats the max weight limit?
Does the front wheel pivot?
How does it connect the bike and is the attachment supplied
Is it collapsible?
What are the dimensions of this stroller? Will it fit through a doorway?
do these stand up on their own?
Where is this product manufactured?
Are these compatible with the Infantino Squeeze Station?
Is this 220V compatible?
The instructions say to not make formula for later use, so what do you do if you baby is feeding on less than 4oz without wasting? Formula is expensiv
Why does this machine make the water that I put in the reservoir taste and smell like chemical plastic/metal water?
what insert setting for holle stage 1?
Does this mix it as well or do you have to stir after it's in the bottle?
We have a system that filters water; can we use that water?
My brezza has recently been making less - anyone else had this issue? I have taken it apart, cleaned it, followed directions to the "T" with no luck.
can we use the machine to prepare Frisolac Gold Comfort?
Does this have a setting for Gerber Good Starte Gentle?
Does this work with Tommee Tippee bottles? Does anyone have experience using it with these bottles?
How often do you have to change the batteries?
Will this item still be effective if your baby is swaddled tightly?
quick guide manual says alarm goes off after 15sec of no movement. i just tested mine and it goes off after 21sec. is this normal? is manual wrong?
Will it work if baby is sleeping on their stomach?
Does monitor have to be worn, or can it be beside baby in the crib?
What are the differences between the Oma and the Oma+? Thanks! :)
Can you clip this to the back of babies diaper for stomach sleepers? Thanks!
Whats the difference between Snuza Go and Levana Oma besides the fact that Levana is newer?
Does this model have the green light that blinks when the baby breathes like the Snuza Hero?
To what age can you use this monitor? I imagine at some point, the baby would start to pull it off or possibly stick it in his mouth?
Any irritation to the baby's skin?
Can this be used if the baby falls asleep in a swing or carseat or its only for sleeping on flat surfaces?
can this be worn under a swaddle?
What is the difference between Levana and Snuza...Also, it seems to me that Snuza has better reviews? What is Your opinion/input/suggestion. Thanks!
Can this be used for babies that roll onto their stomach and remain in that position for most of the night? My daughter does that and also pushes her butt up in the air...
Will this work in the car? Or would the movement of the car make the monitor think the baby was okay?
Do you get the full manual in the product package? Also, does the battery already pre-placed when open the product for the first time?
Is the clip able to openwide enough to fit on cloth diapers?
Can the vibration feature be turned off, in case it is causing unanticipated issues with sleeping?
Will this work in a swing that has been turned OFF (ie no movement) or a rock n play that is NOT rocking or vibrating?
Are these the normal 47 x 47 size?
how big is it?
Can anyone describe the patterns in the Once Upon a Time set? Thanks!
What is the support input voltage? Does it support 220V?
Does the baby unit run off battery power, in addition to AC plug in?
Does the talk feature work both ways? I'm considering this for a child who would need to be able to communicate back, not just parent to child.
My elderly mother's house is approximately 100 feet from my house. I want this in case she needs me and cannot get to the phone. Will this work?
I want to use this to monitor break-in for my car :p Would the battery last about 8-12hrs in the car? How loud is the parent unit?
What is the amount of Watt it uses?
There seems to be bad batch... How do I assure that I'm getting the 570 model rather than the 560 model?
Can this unit be used in different floors? Will their be disturbance if the parent unit is in the basement and the other in the ground floor?
What are the 5 lullaby options? I cannot seem to find the info anywhere. I even called Philips.
Has anyone figured out how to turn off the alarm chimes that sound when the parent unit is turned off?
How much does it weigh...the carrier itself ?
how wide is this bike trailer? Is it hard to bike with this trailer on a sidewalk? Also, is the only opening for air flow in the front of trailer.?
Does the front cover have a bug guard or just a vinyl cover?
Can someone who has purchased this bike trailer in the past please write a review on it as there currently are none. Thanks in advance!
Will this tip if the bike it's attached to does?
Does it fold up for storage or traveling in a car? Do you need to remove the wheel if it does fold.
Do you need tools to change to stroller/bike/or storing for travel?
What's up with the price increase? Two in 24 hours? I'll order it from you off ebay. It's still $145.95 with the shipping on there.
Is the seat padded at all?
How does the top close? Zipper? Velcro? And what is the overall weight? I'm almost convinced this is for me.
Does it have a mesh screen on the front? And do the side windows vent?
does the front wheel swivel ?
Are there pockets inside?
Is the coupler included to attach the trailer to a bike? Does it fit most bikes?
How's the range?
Can you turn the screen off but still hear sound? And can you adjust the volume?
Is this easy to set up? I'd like to travel with it and want to make sure I won't be frustrated at the resort b/c I need a router or anything like that.
Is there a way to disable the beeping sound the monitor makes when the screen turns off?
Is the camera able to be wall-mounted?
Can I see multi cameras streaming at the same time on the monitor unit (divided monitor space) ? Or only by switching between cameras?
Does this unit work with 240V/50Hz power (as found in Europe)?
How long are the power cables that come with the camera and the monitor?
Can you see if the baby's eyes are open in the night vision?
Can anybody tell me if this monitor has encryption? If so, what kind? Security is very important to us. Thanks!
You said you have more XS-L in stock but I'm unable to select it on this item page. Both the title description and "size" are L-Plus. Can you help?
Do you have more XS-L in stock?
I want to buy Size Name: XS - L,Do you have it?
Do you have (XS - L) size!?
is the tie back just sold in one size l-plus or does it come in xs-l as well and if it does do you have any?
You said you have more XS-L in stock but I'm unable to select it on this item page. Both the title description and "size" are L-Plus. Can you help?
Do you have more XS-L in stock?
I want to buy Size Name: XS - L,Do you have it?
Do you have (XS - L) size!?
is the tie back just sold in one size l-plus or does it come in xs-l as well and if it does do you have any?
I see one review that says rail does NOT come with crib....does it or does it NOT?
What is the height from the floor to the side rails?
What is the height from the top of the mattress to the top rail at the lowest mattress setting?
Good morning I want to know the box dimension shipping? I need it for my purchase.
If we had to convert a full bed, is the parts including in the package ,or we had to buy it
I'm trying to look for a bed skirt for this. What is the measurement from the highest adjustment to the floor?
how many mattress levels does this crib have?
Does the crib have a drop side?
What are the dimensions of the box ? As will be sent.
What is the height of the top rail from the floor?
Is this item for 6 oz cup?
How often do I need to replace the straw? Every month? Quarter? or 6 month? We only drink water from it, no juice or milk.
Can I find shorter straws for the 6 oz? This replacement straw is too long and baby can't get last drop of liquid as advertised because the end curves
do these also fit in the B box straw cups?? They look the same, but I am sure there could be a difference im missing. thanks!
Are these for the 6 or 9 oz cup?
does this side rail fold down?
would this work with sofa cushions on the sofa? my son naps on the sofa and trying to find bed rails for that, thanks!
what is the thinnest a mattress can be for this to work?
Anyone know how to take this apart once assembled? There is nothing in the manual &amp; I do not see any release buttons or latches anywhere to separate t
We bought two of these bed rails this week and cannot get the rail to lock into place on the legs. Any suggestions?
can you wash the fabric?
Would this work with a convertible crib?
I have a 14 inch mattress will this give me a good amount of height?
Is this bed rail portable?
Item description says 36" Product description says 24" which one is correct ?
I have an opening of 69.75 inches, how well would this gate fit in? Is it curve or straight?
Will this fit a 72 inch doorway?
Does it have to be drilled into the wall?
Can it be used in an opening with baseboards where the bottom mounts would need to be a little closer together than the top mounts?
Are the screws log enough to get into the wood frame behind the sheetrock?
how wide are the slats? i have a 4 pound pom and i need to know it she can go through.i have an archway of 62 inches
How far apart are the slates? Any slightly wider openings? My dog is just 4 lbs and I don't want him to be able to slip through.
Can you use this gate at the bottom of a staircase?
How would this gate expand to fit openings of 60-73 inches??
Is this gate easy to open and close? Does the latch go directly in without having to wiggle it or anything of that sort?
What is the maximum child weight &amp; height for this seat?
does it face forward?
does it recline
Is this aircraft approved?
what are the dimensions of the car seat.
Does it have the national safety mark sticker?
why do some pics have a cupholder and others dont? is it not standard?
Will this be suitable for a newborn?
my grand daughter is 3 months old. does it tilt back rear facing bc she her head will fall forward?
How can I find out which car year/models this will fit into? I have Nissan Maxima 97. Chicco Keyfit infant car seat fits great but not Britax Marathon
does this bassinet rock from side to side?
what bassinet mattresses are compatible with this? Says it comes with a mattress pad, do you need to purchase a bassinet mattress separately?
What are the colors of the skirt?
Can canopy and any other parts machine washable?
What are the batteries that are required? All I can see is "nonstandard"....
The electronic mobile has a swivel arm, allowing an easy access to baby?
Which is the width of the wheel base? Does it fit any doorway?
What, exactly, is height-adjustable: the mobile or the bassinet itself? It's not clear and none of the reviews actually state.
Can we rock it manually? Is it lead free? Can we take it to airport to check in? Thanks
Does it have a strap that can be buckled to keep the baby from rolling over?
Hi, is the underseat bag included?
Is it possible send it to Spain?
does this come with the new extendable canopy?
Does this come with the rain cover and mosquito net cover as most cameleons do?
is it 2 year warranty?
is this reclining? up to lie down position?
I would like to know it the seat leans back when child is seated ? I heard that the seat doesnt support any weight and the seat is not staying uprigh
Has anyone taken this stroller to Europe? Specifically, how does it handle on cobblestone? Are the wheels rubber or plastic? How big are the wheels?
Does the upholstery come off to wash?
Would this stroller be too much for a 5'0 mom?
Are the shoulder straps removable? Or can you at least just use the waist straps for an older child?
Does anyone have a problem with the seat recline? I went to check one out at the store and the model there was broken and wouldn't stay upright
What is the age range for this stroller? It is suitable for an infant?
Can the canopy be unattached from the back and pulled farther forward to block more sun if needed? Of is it a fixed sun shade?
Is the seat pad removable for washing?
Can anyone tell me if this is the Groove Ultralight or the Groove Ultralight Graphite. I didn't realize that they had two slightly different versions of the same model until I visited their website. And the best way to tell is the color of the frame...
Can somebody describe how this stroller folds? I can't find pictures. Thank you
Can the crotch strap be adjusted? If not, do you find there to be enough length for your LO as they grow? Thanks!
is it possible to take this stroller in cabin when you travel internationaly
Does this stroller sit all the way upright, or is the child still reclined a bit?
When folded, can you lock the two back wheels and thorn lean it against the wall to stand?
Can someone confirm if this stroller comes with a shoulder strap or carry handle?
will it remain standing while folded?
Hi , will appreciate if anyone could share any air travel experience with this stroller . I plan to travel internationally?
I want to enhance the experience for my child, are "apptivity toothpicks available to prop their eyes open?
Will this toy replace parenting my 2 month old? His constant clamoring for attention cuts into my "me time," and I want a mini-TV for him to stare at.
Will my child go to Harvard if I buy this product?
It's compatible with Samsung tablet t520 10.1" ?
Does this seat have a vibrating/rocking setting or does it only bounce in response to the child's movement? (I have a SN kid,serious answers only pls)
This looks like the perfect device so my baby can Face Chat with her grand parents. Holding the ipad over her head for 10 minutes it very exhausting?
Besided all the complaints about infants not needing screen time, How is it for just a chair to sit the baby in while you cook dinner.
What is the weight limit?
Do you sell an attachment that holds an ipad for other bouncy chairs? What if I already own a chair and would just like the ipad holder attachment?
Is it possible to calibrate the temperature reading? I know ours is reading hotter than it is.
Can both be plugged in (at the same time) during the evening? Or is there only one charging cord?
Can this be plug in
I have two kids. Does this monitor have two channels? So if I buy two, one for each kid's room. There will not be any interference between the two?
what is the distance between monitors (how far can they be apart)
distance between monitors?
Does this can be used on 22oV? does it says anywhere the range of 110 - 220V? Thank you
I am so frustrated trying to decide between this one and the Vtec. Any help? Thank you!
can both parts also be plugged in?
can the base also be battery operated or does it have to be plugged in?
I know that summer had a recall on some of their products a few months back. Do you know if this particular monitor was involved?
is this unit (both parent unit and monitor) 120V or 240V or dual voltage?
What is the range of the unit? How far away can I be and still hear my baby?
is the battery a standard rechargeable batter or a built in rechargeable batttery
Is this necklace safe for a teenager with autism to chew on?
Will you sell more of the "poppy" color in this style necklace?
Does this get caught in your hair?
Does this get caught in your hair?
is this made in china or are the materials from china?
Is this latex free?
Where is it made?
Does anyone else's ball smell? My hevea teethers do not smell, but this really does!
Can anyone give me a better idea of the size of this teether? Roughly tennis ball sized? Thanks!
is this ok for newborns?
Is this an infant to toddler bouncer? How far can it be used?
Does it fold down flat for easy transport (say, in a suitcase)? Thank you in advance!
What is the maximum weight of baby for this chair
Is the black and white animal pictured on the seat a tiger or a zebra?
Does this actually bounce? I put mine together last night and I can't get any movement from it when I try to "bounce" it myself?
Is there a minimum weight that baby must reach before using the bouncer?
What's the difference between this item and Rock n Play?
Has this item ever been shipped to India
Can you give me the weight it is?with the box,Thanks!!
somebody pls knows if the car seat adapted is compatible with baby trend car seat since it says all major including ?? Cant find the info anywhere .
Does it recline to a flat position?
Has anyone used this with an Evenflo infant car seat?
Will the Summer Infant Prodigy car seat click into the universal mount, or does it require the straps too?
I'd like to ask the dimensions of the packaging of this product. I will be sending this product overseas &amp; I want to make sure it fits the box.
When using the universal car seat adapter, does the car seat just sit in the frame and you must use the strap or does it some how click into place?
I know there is extra 2 level 3 Fast Flow Silicone Nipples including.Which flow level is on the bottle original?
will Born free glass bottles be compatible with Medela Swing Brest pump?
What other brand nipples are compatible with the Born Free glass bottles?
Is this bottles with Wide Neck?
Are there nipples for NB?
Is that there are 6 nipples in total? What are the sizes? e.g. what stages and flow rates?
How many pieces are there to wash for each bottle?
What's the original nipples on the 4 bottles? are they wide neck bottle?
Are these BPS free too?
Are there sippy cup or trainable tops for these bottles?
Will this fit the Hygeia Q breast pump?
Would these fit Dr.brown bottles?
Does this work with the Ameda breast pump?
Will this fit the Spectra breast pump?
does this fit on the medela pump in style breast pump?
Is it one adapter or a pair?
Do any of you use this with a hands-free bra? I'm wondering if the bottles would be too heavy to feel comfortable and to make a seal.
When you used these, did you have the vent on the born free bottle to prevent leaks?
Do these adapters fit Pura Kiki bottles? Since the Born Free nipples fit pura kiki bottles I'm wondering
Does it fit the Philips Avent breast pump?
Does the base come with the care seat and stroller?
How big is the stroller when folded? I am mostly wondering about the height? Would it easily fit in the trunk of a small sedan (like nissan sentra)?
what does it weigh?
What is the minimum height or weight for baby to move from car seat to stroller seat?
The words "jet set" appear in the title, but no mention of FAA approval (required to use the seat on a plane). Is there a clearly visible sticker?
Multiple different answers are shown for this question; so, can you use the car seat once your child is bigger in the car front facing? In the base?
I saw that other Summer Infant products were made in the USA, is this stroller/car seat system made in the USA also?
can the car seat be installed as front-facing?
Would you recommend this stroller for a winter baby?
Does the stroller fit comfortably in the boot of a regular sized sedan (like say a Honda Civic) ?
would this fit a 3.5" inch thick, 12" tall and 12" wide binder inside the main compartment?
Would this be big enough for 2 kids in diapers? my kids will be about 12 months apart.
Does this back pack have stroller clips?
Does this back pack have stroller clips?
Does this have a diaper changing pad included?
is it a comfortable height?
How much weight can this support? I am looking for a lightweight stroller to hold my 43 lb and 25 lb kids if needed to disney.
How does this fold? What are the measurements when it is folded? Can it fit in the back of a Chevy Traverse with the third bench up? Thanks.
At what age will this stroller work?
Does this stroller recline?
Does it have brakes?
Does this fit through standard doors? Looking to move one-year old twins from daycare room to car
is it hard to push? I am used to a britax b-ready which is a smooth ride but i need something i can travel with as well.
I am looking for something for toddlers and traveling, so can fold up quick and easy to board a train etc
Does it come with bassinet?
How smooth or rough is the off road ride? There's no suspension?
Please confirm the original packaging weight, box size, and whether it's one or two boxes (then need the size for each box).
Can i attached to this carriage a baby trend car seat?
can basket be used as baby car seat?
is baby basket included
What are included in this stroller sistem?
Can the seat be positioned so the child sits straight up? My child does not like to recline at all. Thanks!
Is there a car seat adaptor for peg perego infant car seat for this model?
is the rain coat included?
What's the weight of the package ?
Can this be used with Aton Q car seat?
Hi, What accessories come with this bag? On other sites this bag comes with a bottle bag and the changing pad? Thanks!
Hi, is there a pocket in the back for the diaper changing pad? Thank you.
Why is the black bag more expensive than the other colors?
Hi I live in London. Would you be able to deliver by friday
Does the bag come with stroller clips or do I need to buy those separately?
Is the audio very sensitive? Like can I hear my kids breading?
Can the cameras mount to the wall?
Can you hear audio from all cameras at the same time or do you need to choose only 1 camera?
Can you listen to both rooms at the same time or do you have to toggle to choose which room to listen to
can you select audio only for the auto-scan feature? (ie, at night can i turn off video feed and still have the monitor scan for audio in 2 rooms?)
is the night time led's bright?
Can you hear both rooms while in the "dual-view" mode? Does it scan through all 4 channels if you put it on scan? We will only have 2 cameras.
Someone's comment said they couldn't scan between two rooms because it had a "no signal" error all the time. Has anyone else ever experienced this?
How is the range on this product? We enjoy sitting on our patio against our house in the evenings and if the kids are in bed I want to be able to see?
Is it possible to have the video in split screen mode and at the same time have the audio automatically toggling between the two cameras?
is this an updated model to the one that was recalled?
What do you recommend Baby Einstein Baby Neptune Activity Center or Baby Einstein Musical Motion Activity Jumper?
What is the start age on this
Is this machine washable? How easy is it to clean up?
Has anyone figured out how to fold this thing? Also it seems difficult to do? I would like to fold it to make room for my boys to play temporarily.
Is there a setting for the music play continuously? If so, how long does it play for?
What's the big difference between this jumper and the Baby Einstein Activity Jumper Special Edition, Neighborhood Friends?
What is he the maximum weight and height for this jumper?
What is the weight limit?
Exactly what activities are presented
IT is Cool White or Warm White?
Are these bulbs dimmable
What's the warranty, and are they UL listed? Thanks.
how many watts of regular light bulb does it replace, 40,60 or 75 watts?
What is the color temperature? I saw one review say they are soft white and another say they are bluish. Soft White is 2700k and daylight is 5000k..
Will this fit a platform bed?
Will this work with 'slatted' platform beds, which don't have box springs?
Can I use 2 of these on a Queen bed?
Will this work with a king bed?
I am seeing different dimensions listed. How long is this bed rail? 36" or 20"?
What are the dimensions?
what age can you start using it?
Will this work on thick carpet?
Do the wheels move in all directions or just forward and backward?
How well does this walker do on tile floors? Our grouting is not flush with the tile, so there is a bit of a dip. We are concerned about tipping.
Do the swing open activity trays come off entirely too? Or do they just swing out to the side?
What is the distance from the floor to the butt of the seat at the lowest setting?
How much can the baby weigh to use this?
Can I take it in Luggage abroad inside a trunk? I've got an American Tourister 30" Bag.
Does this fold? We are thinking of using it while traveling.
my son is 27 inches will he be able to reach floor?
If I am not watching it in real-time, can I have it record on my computer so I can play the recording back later? If so, how long can I record for?
Clarificaiton - does this need to be plugged into ethernet ALL THE TIME, or is it just for setup and will work on wifi after?
Can this be device to be watched simultaneously with 2 or 3 devices at the same time?
Does this cameral have audio?
is the software compatible a Mac?
Will this work with a Windows Phone as well?
What prevents other people from being able to view the video feed?
Cam is set up and indicates connected to wifi when connected by cable , after removing the cable and reboot cam only says off Line . Any ideas
Can I save audio and video to a computer/laptop? To be viewed later? Can I send the saved recording to another person?
Can this be set-up without a PC? i.e. could I take it to a hotel and use an iPad or iPhone to set it up?
What kind of pacifier does she take?
is it a full silicone doll?
Are the legs and arms FULL silicone? Or only 3/4ths? Also, is her body weighted? If so, how much does she weigh? Thanks!
do they eat or drink or move in any way ?or poop or pee? breathe?
can you fully bath one of these reborn dolls?
is her hair cute
What color and material is the doll's hair? Can you send a photo without the hat on?
need a full body silicone doll
what age will this fit up to?
i am looking to fit an 11 year old boy with cp. Small?
Are these machine washable?
Did the red bibs bleed in the wash?
what colors come in the set for boys?
It says three position in the description but there's only 2 snaps? Is that a mistake?
hi, what is the size of the neck. do you have any measurement. i just want to make sure it will fit.
What material is this made out of other than the waterproof liner? Is it 100% cotton?
I received these bibs as a gift and the snaps have already come off of one before the first use. Too scared to use again, what can I do?
I am interested in ordering 50 bibs to embroider, but I would like them all the same color, or just a few colors. Can I special order?
will these work with a hygeia enjoye breast pump?
Do these work with the Ameda Purely Yours Ultra breast pump?
Does this work for Spectra S1 breast pump?
Does this work with Avent double electric pump?
If I have a Medela Freestyle that can pump two bags at once, do I need to buy two sets of this product?
Are there directions that come with it?
How many adapters are in each package?
pls inform if termomether is in F or C degrees? thanks
Is the nail clipper with the LED light? I know other safety 1st nail clippers are but has no information about it on the kit
IS the medicine dispenser BPA free?
Is this bpa free?
Is there a listed weight maximum?
Does this carrier allow the child to sit as well as stand as the child chooses while in it?
Is this carrier fairly easy to put on &amp; take off by yourself, and would it be safe to the child to put on &amp; take off by yourself?
Does this carrier have a height adjustment as the child grows?
Are there any buckles to hold the child in? There isn't any mention in the descriptions.
my husband is 6' 4 " is this pack compatable to his for his height ?
Can this be taken apart and washed in the washing machine?
Does this come with parent travel bag to carry a few necessities? Just got burned on the Chicco one, which was advertised as having one but doesn't.
Can this be shipped to Hawaii?
How well does the sun shade cover the child? Also, is there a kickstand or anything that can be used to set the pack down with the child in it?
Does this crib take a standard size crib mattress?
What conversion kit does this crib need? I want to buy the crib and the kit at the same time, but not sure which kit to buy.
Is the toddler rail/conversion kit included?
What are the assembled dimentions of this crib? What is the product weight? The specs listed do not seem to add up. Does it come with a mattress?
its safe for them to sleep on at night?
What ages is this pillow appropriate for? Newborn to what?
Does it actually 'undo' flat head, or does it just prevent it?
can i simply wash this whole pillow?
are you able to ship to the UK in time for christmas if ordered today ?
Hello, I was wondering if the lights flash on the walker and how many melodies are played in a sequence.
What is the maximun weight?
can this be used on rug?
can i use this on rug? i have rug in my house, not the fluffy kind?(not sure if that makes sence)
is this pink or purple?
What is the max weight/age for this product?
How does this product keep the baby from sliding down? Are there straps of any kind to hold the baby in?
would you recommend this over the bumbo?
Will this help them learn to sit up on their own?
My son is 3months old. Is he too young for this seat? How many months old is recommended?
what is the age for this item?? and does the baby need to already be sitting up??
My baby is 5 months old and about 22lbs, he is wearing 9 month clothing. Will he be too big for this seat?
what age is this product for?
Is this product suitable for my 9 week old?
Does this come up high enough in the back to support the head?
what's the differences between this one and that green one?
What are the ages for this mat? Up to how many months? Thanks.
Would this be good for tummy time???
What's the difference between this and "Discover 'n Grow Kick and Play Piano Gym"?
Good evening I want to know if this product is Spanish audio
how much weight&iuml;&frac14;&#159;
What batteries does this take?
batteries included?
Is this too big to use as a portable/travel potty seat?
Does this fit round toilet seats?
Is this for just boys or can girls use it. I have a 3yr old.
How does it attach on the toilet seat? Does it have a suction or something to keep it from sliding off?
what material is this seat made of?
Does this potty seat fit on elongated toilet seats?
Does this fit an oval elongated toilet seat?
What is the weight limit on this?
Is it easy to clean for dads too, or just moms?
Can one drain the tub easily with little one sitting in it at stage 3 &amp; 4 (no sling)?
Will this tub fit into a standard bathroom sink, not a kitchen sink?
how do you clean the sling? is it machine washable/dryer?
Will this tub fit in a single kitchen sink?
are there two green legs on the actual product or one?
Has anyone used the tub in the sink with success?
Does the sling have adjustable straps?
Can you use this tub on a countertop?
Will this tub fit onto a double trap kitchen sink?
Is the sling supposed to be able to support the baby so s/he is not touching the bottom? Or is the baby supposed to sink to the bottom of the tub?
Will this fit a elongated bowl toilet seat?
How does it work for the boys? Is the splash guard big enough?
How big a child will this hold? My grandson is only 29 months, but he weighs almost 40 lbs. and is about 38" tall. Thanks.
Is the seat all one piece or is there a seam somewhere where two pieces fit together? i.e. Can urine get inside anywhere and stink?
Where is it manufactured? china? usa?
Will this seat fit on an oblong toilet seat?
Does it include the hook to hang the seat on when not in-use?
Does this work for girls? Does the little hump get in the way?
Would somebody please tell me the dimensions of the inner hole?
Could another child remove the back rest part while the first child is on it...i.e. how easy is it to remove the back rest once it is suctioned?
Is it Dual voltage compatible? The power adapter generally mentions the input voltage. what does it say on this one?
what is the shipping package dimension?
Can the cover be taken off and washed? Not just the pillow, but the entire fabric portion...
where can you find the model or product number on this besides the box?
How is the noise level?
How much floor space does this take up?
what color is this? Greens or tans?
Can it use batteries?
My baby is going on 5 months, weighs 16 lbs however, she's on the tall side. Is this swing ok for longer/taller babies?
What is the length (head to toe) of the seat? Or if anyone has both this and the full size Fisher Price swing, how do the seats compare?
how much weight can it hold? At what point is this not good enough for a baby as our baby is 4 mths old at this point.
how much space does it take up? how wide is it?
Do the toys come off for cleaning?
Which is the maximum baby weight for this Jumperoo? My daughter is 22lbs :(..is there any jumperoo or walker for over 22lbs?thank you
Can this Jumperoo fold up to be stored when not in use? If so, how big is it folded up?
Shall I wait to use it unitl my baby can sit up by himself?
Does anyone know the maximum weight on this jumperoo?
what color is this? is it more turquoise or blue?
Just got mine. I don't think its vibrating at all. Seems just maybe the speaker. Am I missing something?
How long does it vibrate for?
Mine only plays for a few seconds. How do I make it play longer?
what kind of music does it play?
is it washable?
Would it be helpful with a 10 month old who keeps waking up during the night?
How big is it?
Can you set it to vibrate without the music?
is washable?
Can it rest on the floor?
What age are these toys for?
Will it fit on a Britax stroller
Does it fit the baby jogger city mini? Thanks!
Can it clip onto a convertible (rear / front facing) carseat?
Can this be clipped onto an infant carrier as well?
When pressed, do the piano keys play a single piano like sound each, or does it play music?
Would this be a good activity mat for travel? I need something that can pack down easily into a suitcase and not take up excessive room. Thanks!
How do you remove the piano from the long base (keeping the small legs)? Also, how do you remove it from those small legs?
My son is 6 months, is it too late to get him this meaning he won't get a lot of time out of it? He is NOT crawling yet but is a kicking crazy man!
What is the size of this mat?
is the mat detachable?
Do you think the distance between the piano and the hanging toys get too small as baby grows? (I have a long baby :)
What age can baby start using this
Hi. Can the piano be removed from the gym and placed in a crib? Thanks.
Has anyone washed the mat? If so, did you put it in the dryer? How did it come out?
Are there two or three hooks with this hammock?
What size is it once installed? the product dimensions say 7x5x1 inches. this must be the package.
We are in a rental property...does this require drilling into the dry wall and anchors, etc. suggestions for hanging it welcomed... Thank you.
What is the max weight that this net will hold?
Can you use command hooks instead of going into the walls?
I'm needing a precise measurement for hammock. It's "Jumbo" and yet it sounds small. Are the dimensions 37 x 25 x 25 inches true?
What is the origin?
Can this be personalized or is it just plain?
does this bag have a zipper on top ?
Is "Masi" embroidered on the bag? Or is it blank?
can this bag fit a laptop?
Is this the large utility tote? Does it hold three grocery bags?
can you use multiple cameras with this unit?
Are these rechargeable batteries
Just purchased. Instructions say to charge units for 12-16 hours before using. I did that but when go to use, the power indicator indicates no power.
Just purchased. Instructions say to charge units for 12-16 hours before using. I did that but when go to use, the power indicator indicates no power.
Can you hook this up to a baby monitor app on your iPhone?
One of my monitors has lost it's sound and picture = ordered Sept. 16th can one get a replacement?
what is the range of this camera?
Can you order a replacement handheld monitor?
Can I use this in SIngapore? our voltage is 240V
Does this product have 2 - Way communication?
Does this monitor interfere with internet connection?
Dose it interfere with or become negatively effected by wifi cell phones or cordless phone signals?
how i chaege the battery? only with batteries or with electricity? if its with electricity? its works with 110- 240 volt?
Is the power on this 110-240v?
How long does the battery last?
Can the camera run on batteries only or does it have to be plugged in? I will be using itt at a camp site and will not have access to electricity
does this show room tempature?
can the camera clip onto the crip or mount onto the wall, or can it only be placed on a table?
Can you connect this to wifi?
How do the dual cameras work? Can you flip between two rooms manually? How often does it auto scan? Does sound work when scanning between two cameras?
If you have 2 cameras setup, can you only hear and see one camera at a time? I need to be able to hear/see both kids throughout the night.
Does the monitor work if your house doesn't have WiFi?
If I were to take this device on a trip (ie. cottage) with no wifi, will the handheld still transmit the audio?
Does the camera need to be plugged in at all times? I want to install it close to the ceiling but there is not outlet close to it.
Can you turn off video but keep constant sound so I can hear baby's sound machine constantly and not just when baby makes noise?"
Can you use this camera with a different app?
I live in australia. Would this work there? Not including the app...just the video and audio with a power adapter?
Does the wifi feature works outside the us, if i have the app already downloaded? in costa rica exactly?
I just bought my son the Summer WI-FI , He says it doesn't now have the capabilities to view on 2 phones. Is this true ??
When you are viewing in app mode can you see the temperature still?
A review below mentioned the pouches are good for 10-12 uses. What makes them unusable after that many uses has passed?
How do you fill these up?
Do the store bought pouch caps fit these? Or the ChooMee tops? I think the cap staying attached would annoy my toddler &amp; trying for a work around.
Is there a spoon attachment that works with these? I have tried a few brands and they don't fit.
Has anyone had any leaking problems with these?
Can you use these with the Infantino Squeeze Station?
Are the Squeez'ems BPA free?
Where is this product made?
does this crib come with the toddler rail
What is the size of the packaged box?
What is the height of the crib fully assembled?
What are the specifications for a mattress size?
Is this solid hardwood?
what is the max weight for backward and frontward facing with this seat? TIA
Would this work with 2 adults and the car seat in the back of a mid sized SUV?
Does anyone know what they changed/updated from the older version the Roundabout 55?
Does this car seat come with base or do I need to purchase a base?
How convenient, or inconvenient, would it be to transfer this car seat (forward facing) between vehicles on an every other day basis or so?
Would an infant insert be needed or can you use it right out of the box with a newborn?
Why is the Roundabout G4 being discontinued by Manufacturer? Is there something wrong with it?
Has anyone flown with this car seat? I'm curious if 18" wide will fit into a coach seat.
Is this easy to use on a plane?
Does it come with shoulder pads on the straps?
Can you fold the stroller up with this still on it, or must you take it off?
can i buy just the tire pump
Can this fit a large water bottle, like a 40 oz hydro flask?
what is the measurments of the cup holders
Can you put in paper coffee cups?
Does it work well with the BOB Motion stroller?
When looking at the Single console, I saw a pic of a Nalgene bottle. Are the slots for water bottles big enough for a Nalgene bottle?
Does this fit the Baby Jogger City Mini as well? We have both strollers.
Does this fit with uppababy vista also?
Can you fit a 750ml camelback waterbottle?
can this carseat be rear facing?
What are the maximum rear facing and forward facing weights?
Will this fit rear-facing in a honda civic?
Does anyone know what the difference is between the G4 &amp; the G4.1 version of this car seat?
I know that the shoulder height has to be adjusted manually, but for daily use when you put your child in the carseat, how do you tighten the straps?
does it fit in a small car
When was this car seat manufactured? As of January 1, 2013, BRITAX required all of its suppliers to eliminate certain chemical flame retardants.
is there any padding difference (beside head pillow) between this sea and the Marathon?
what is the date of manufacture?
Will this fit in a 2013 Ford Fiesta?
What is the difference between the $ 740 version and the $450 model?
How far does the car seat recline while in the stroller frame?
dose the car set base come with it ?
please confirm one car seat base is included. thanks.
it doesn't have a baby tray, does it? if not , is there any other availble to purchase as an accesorie (either summer or any other brand that couldfit
Does the base come with the car seat and stroller?
How high does the handle adjust?
Will it fit the Chicco Keyfit 30?
what are the exact length and width dimensions?
Do you have to use the padded handle? Or can you attache the fabric directly to the car seat handle? It's unclear how it attaches at the top.
Does it fit the Graco classic carseat?
will this be of use in rain or light snow? Or will it just get wet?
Anyone use this with the Uppa Baby Mesa?
Can the opening be propped open so it can stay that way when I want my baby to be able to see a bit?
Will it fasten to the car seat?How can it work?
will this fit any and all car seats?
Where is this product made?
Does this product always turn off after the 20 minutes? Or can it be used continuously without the timer turning it off?
Can you use the vibration with out having the music on?
Is the vibration as strong as "bouncer with vibration" or weaker?
Is there a silent mode?
What are the sounds/songs that come with this?
Has anyone used this with an older child such as a 12 or 13 month old?
Does this essentially play the same sounds as the one that attaches to the Summer Infant Classic Comfort wood bassinets?
Does it work in a crib? Is the vibration strong enough for a crib?
How quickly does this go through batteries?
Do any discs come with these for travel?
hello, these bottles come with their caps?
what is the flow of these nipples?
These look EXACTLY like Alva diapers. Are they rebranded Alvas?
Hi! I need to know the package weight?
Can you request unisex colors? LIke no purples or pinks.
How many covers are included in this package?
how do i order girl colors?
Hello, are these pocket diapers? Also, what material are the diapers made out of?
What size are these comparable to in cloth diapers, or how many pounds are they recommended for?
Do these diapers have a snap closure or Velcro?
Are these diapers actually diaper covers that then need flats or prefolds, or are they diapers themselves?
what sizes/weight do these fit??
Will this fit across a Baby Jogger City Mini GT Double stroller?
Also, what is the widest width this will fit of stroller handles and the steepest incline?
Would this fit a single Britax B Agile stroller?
Does anyone have experience using this with a City Select? Does it end up being at an angle?
Will this work on a typical umbrella stroller, with two separate handles that curve up instead of the single handle bar?
Will this fit my single Bob revolution stroller?
Will it work with the Mamas&amp;Papas Armadillo stroller?
Will this fit the graco snugrider stroller frame?
Will this get in the way when jogging?
will this fit a Baby Jogger F.I.T. Single Jogging Stroller?
Will you ship to APO addresses? I live on a military base and they only accept USPS mail here.
hello... I want to know how many days it takes to arrived? I`m in MIAMI Fl.
WHAT SIZE IS THE MICKEY MOUSE OUTFIT
what included andwhat knot included
Does this come with the changer or is it just the crib?
does this come with the baby mattress?
How sturdy is this crib? When you shake it does it rattle or move? My one year old stands in his crib and shakes the rail &amp; in some cribs it will move
Which crib mattress are you using for the Serta Hanover Fixed Side Convertible Crib ?
does it include a mattress ?
is the toddler rail bed included?
How wide is the space between each bar in this gate?
Can I mount this where one side is against a wall &amp; the other against a banister? If so does it come w/the hardware to do so?
Is this just pressure mounted or does it come with hardware to attach to wall?
Is it approved for top of the stairs use?
Can you buy buy extensions to fit a larger opening??
I have a 3-4 lb shorkie. Is there enough space for her to squeeze through?
Does the width of the part of the gate that swings change as you extend the gate, or is the opening width static? If the latter, what is the width?
Will the gate door stay open if wanted? Also, do you step over a bar? (We would be pressure mounting, not wall installing.)
How do these hold up long term when cleaned top rack dishwasher. Disabled adult on liquid feedings needs travel option. Will be used often.
Are these compatible with the Infantino Squeeze Station?
Are they phthalate free also?
When filled, do these pouches stand up?
does these leak
How many uses can you get out of 1 pouch? Thank you!
Will any spoons fit these?
Is it easy for a toddler to open the bottom of the pouch?
Do they come clean well if not washed immediately? Like if we are out and about and use them, so they won't be cleaned for a few hours.
I just purchased this set about a month ago and the price was 14.99 now it is saying 49.99?!
what's the real cost of "roving cove safe edge and corner cushion - 15ft. value pack" amazon has listed it for $999.99?
is it stick to brick fireplace?
Will this work on the bottoms of granite kitchen countertops?
Is the product BPA-free?
Is this easy to remove when no longer needed?
What are the dimensions of both sides of the edge cover?
is there a way to buy the tape separately? (lost it) :(
Could this work on a rectangle coffee table that has a beveled edge?
When this product is no longer needed, does the tape residue come off easily. I am concerned about the fireplace.
Elderly parent fell off bed. Will this product be a good safety tool to place on wooden bed frame? 2 sides and foot-board. thanks.
Does it fold up sideway like a true umbrella stroller? The back seat pad also comes with it, correct?
How much does this weigh? It says two different things in different places...
In the "About this Product" section, it states the stroller weighs less than 16lbs but then in the "Product Information", it says 19.4--which is it?
what is the maximum weight limit?
I'm going to France this summer with my one year old. How do you think that this stroller's wheels will do on the cobble stone streets?
does this stroller have an adjustable leg rest?
Does anyone know if they sell the foot rest separately? Is it an add on?
How tall are the handles? I'm 6ft tall...I hate trying to hunch and push
I often have trouble with strollers that are too short, I'm 6ft tall...how are tall are the handles?
Will this hold a large toddler? at least 3ft tall and 35lbs. I don't want him scrunched like he is in his Umbrella....
Does the gate swing all the way open and lay flat (if you wanted to leave the door open for a period of time)?
Is says it is 36 inches high. is it the door or are the sides 36 inches high? if not, how high are the sides?
Can this also be pressure mounted or does it have to go through the wall/stair case?
how wide is the opening for the walk-thru? im pregnant and im looking for a gate that will be easy for me to walk through while holding bags
Will this gate close automatically, or do you have to push it closed?
Will this gate fit a 70" opening securely?
Does gate swing both ways? Is there a feature to keep the gate open?
The gate says it is 36" tall. Is that at the peak or the lower, straight parts on the sides? My Beagles can jump fairly high when they want to. ;)
How does this gate expand to different size openings? Mine is 61"?
I want to use it outside on my deck. Has anyone done this and will it rust?
is it big enough for larger toddlers
how old or large of a child will it accomodate. so many reviews on chairs claim they are too small
is any assembly required?
Will my cat fit in this chair?
Does the denim color bleed onto other fabrics?
Are dimensions 17x24x18 =height, width, length? Can the wooden feet be removed?
What are the Different colors
Would this chair fit 2 cats- 16 lbs &amp; 10 lbs?
Does the denim color do a good job of masking stains and smears?
The feet are uneven on the floor so the chair is wobbly, how can I fix this?
Does this seat come with a base?
Is this for toddlers or newborn babys?
Has anyone tried this seat with a Baby Trend Snap N Go stroller?
is the base included or bought separately
How much does the car seat weigh, without the base?
How much does the seat itself, without the base, weigh?
is it compatible with the snap n go
Hi to what age does this go up to
does this fit evenflo journey strollers?
How much does the seat itself weigh, without the base?
What is this seat made out of? Is it squishy? Hard plastic? Comfortable?
Has anyone traveled with this seat? (as a carry on)
i want to buy for my 8 yr old and me (super short)! how thick is it? 3inches as stated in dimensions in product description?
Does this come with a shoulder clip? I'm comparing to Bubble Bum and it does, but I don't see anywhere that this Safety First one does.
Minimum height requirement?
I have the bubble bum which I love for travel but you have to hook your seat belt through the side hook and is a pain for the kids..is this the same?
Re. traveling: is it bulky in a carry-on? I'm trying to decide between this and a BubbleBum for my 8 y/o to in rental cars when traveling. Thoughts?
Is this seat compliable with United States Standard FMVSS 213 safety standard? Thanks
what is the actual width?
Can I fit three of these across a back seat?
Can you remove and/or move the rockers?
Does this chair have an option to make it steady?
can an adult sit in this chair
what age is the chair made for?
what age is the chair made for?
how wide is it? (not the 8 inch, but across it) when folded?
does it recline?
how high is the actual seat from the ground - that is, how high up will baby be sitting?
can you remove the material to wash it?
How many balls are needed to fill the playpen?
Do kids have to climb over the top to get out or is there a hole? If my 11mo stands up in this and holds on to the edge for support, will it collapse?
Mats, balls and BABY sold separtely??????????????????
How do you fold it back into the carrying case?
Has anyone used Little Tikes first slide with this? Was hoping the slide could for over the edge so my niece could slide into the balls. Thanks!!
How many toddlers, 2 years old, can this comfortably fit?
Would this size work for a three year old, or would it stop being fun if a couple of years?
They show a mat being used under this. Is that neccesary? I plan to use it on wood floor but if that is a problem can also use on carpet.
Can it fit a 5 year old or even a 6 year old? If so, then how many?
how many toddlers can fit in this ball pit?
does it have night vision?
Can you use this as wifi once it is set up? Can it be used for two way conversatiov?
does it work when I'm not home
can u use this outdoors?
I'm turning the sound on using the tool bar at the bottom and speaking into the mircophone on the camera but not receiving any sound.
Does anyone know how to reset it to default? The software changed my username but botched the password so I cant get in to change it back.
my husband is over seas and im wondering if he has internet access, is he able to access the video and talk to our baby through this monitor?
We have wifi throughout house. Does this require direct Ethernet cord connection. Router is not in this room
Does the app alert you if the connection is lost between the camera and the app, i.e.: the power goes out, camera shuts down or if the wifi goes down?
Does it work in the dark? Need it as baby monitor, thanks.
Is there a power cord included for the camera?
Does this camera focus automatically? Or do you have to manually focus the camera using the dial outside the lens?
Very disappointed that this "easy to set up" system is quite the opposite. There are no instructions to assist with wifi configuration. Any ideas?
how to do a hard reset
I can't download the software on my mac, and i don't have a mini CD, any suggestions?
When you use the pixpo app it says to scan the bar code on the camera is that all u need to start viewing?
i cannot find where to buy just another single extra camera, does Amazon have one?
Is this similar to Motorola blink where I can rotate camera from my phone both right left up and down?
if i use as baby monitor does it alert you when baby cries?
I connected the camera to a wired Ethernet with power and it still says off line why is that? I checked my connection and it's working correctly
Can the nightlight and sound machine be taken off?
Can you use this for a bassinet and let your baby sleep in this all night?
does it recline up to chair position?
What is the height?
does this fold up small?
is there an incline? good for acid reflux?
What age and weight can this product be used until?
This might be a silly question, but does it rock on its own?
How does it fold for storage?
Can you use rechargeable batteries with this?
What are the dimensions of the pad-interior dimensions of the playard?
Can you use the changing table at the same time you are using it as a bassinet or does the changing table have to be removed to use it as a bassinet?
does this have a built in bassinet?
Is the pad waterproof and can it be wiped off for a quick cleaning?
Can someone recommend the sheets to buy to fit this playard?
Does this come with a travel bag?
Can a few of y'all measure the mattresses you are using with this crib, and tell the measurements? On amazon all crib mattresses are different sizes.
what is the height of the crib when it is at the lowest setting? i'm concerned about my tall and active 14 month old climing out...
How many levels does the mattress lift up?
can this crib be moved from room to room?
What is the mattress support like for this crib? Is it a flat board or is it on springs?
Does this take a standard size crib mattress?
Does this include the convertible kit?
What natrurpedic mattress fits this crib?
Can you use a bedskirt with this crib?
Is the cherry color paint, or stained wood?
Does anyone know if the front wheels swivel or are they stationary?
Some of the reviewers say the wheels swivel in all four directions. Others say it only move forward or backwards. Which one is it?
Assembly required?
Does it fold for storage?
What is the age for use for this product?
In the manual and pictures it looks like it fits together for easy storage. Does it fit together or is it in 4 separate parts when you store it?
do the wheels lock
I have this walker for my son and one of the front wheels won't spin anymore. How do I go about getting a replacement wheel?
The battery compartment won't open, How to get it repalced?
Can it roll on carpeted areas?
Are these 100% cotton?
Are they both pink?
Will these fit a mattress 5 inches deep?
what size pockets? how deep?
Does it shrink? I want something I can dry and don't have to remember to pull it out of the dryer.
does the package of two crib sheets by pretty pals contain only bottom fitted sheets?
does this sheet fleece or cotton?
What are the internal dimensions of this playard when it is set up?
do you need any tools to assemble?
Will this hold my puppy French Bulldog?
Do you need to purchase a mattress with this product?
can i use the dream on me 5" matress with this?
can i use the dream on me 5" matress with this?
what is the weight limit
How easily does it fold and unfold for travel?
what is the actual set up size
Where, exactly are the "wheels" on one end? There are no wheels. Do you see wheels?
The pictures don't seem to show the wheels on this thing...are they hidden from view?
I need to have correct dimensions please?
Hi I purchased this playpen to use while I'm on vacation and the side seam came apart and now my 9 month old baby can get through it. it a defact?
could you please tell me the measurements?
What size mattress should I get this for the playard? I am planning on sleeping my 10 month old during a family visit for a week. Thanks!
can it use as a bassinet
My grandson weighs 25 pounds &amp; growing. What is the maximum weight for this?
do you need to buy a mattress for this?
Does the floor of this playard adjust higher like other brands to use as a sleeper?
what is the amount of lb. that it holds
Is this plug in or battery operated?
Does it really turn on when the baby starts crying?
can the lights be left on all night?
Do the lights spin or are they still?
what music does this play?
Can the music be turned off? I just want a nightlight/projector that can be plugged in and on all night. Thx!
The description says the turn on when crying feature is an option. So that means it can be disabled correct?
how many decimal places does it show in Kg? for example, will it show 3.1kg or more accurately 3.12kg?
Has anyone used this scale successfully to see how many ounces your baby is drinking when nursing? That is why I would want the scale. Thanks.
Can the music be turned off and on?
Is there a way to recalibrate the scale?
Since this is new, is a warranty included?
What are the platform dimensions? I'm astonished that I can't find this anywhere online since it seems of basic importance.
what is the accuracy of this scale?
Does it zero-out?
Must I unscrew the tiny screw at the back to insert two batteries? If not, how do I open the battery compartment?t
What are the dimensions of the shipping box?
Will this fit on the britax b-angile stroller? Does this work well with that particular stroller?
Can this be attached to one side of the stroller like the Orbit Sidekick Strollerboard? So the kid isnt directly in front of the parents.
Will it work on the britax double b agile?
Can you fold the stroller with this attached? We have an UppaBaby G-Luxe (so an umbrella-type stroller).
does it fit the Peg Perego Pliko?
Can two be installed on a double stroller?
Will this board work with Quinny buzz? Since the bars are curved?
Does this work with the Joovy ultralight stroller?
Anyone tried this with the uppababy vista stroller?
Can this fold up when not in use? My daughter will want to jump on and off as we walk...
Can you lift the tray up and over the chair?
does the height adjust as high as counter height?
Does it fold up at all? Small apartment and not a lot of space to leave it open (after dinner and baby goes to bed, for example.)
Are the straps removable to clean?
How big is the box that it ships in?
Do the wheels leave scratches on hardwood floors?
How many safety harness positions are there?
Can you use the chair with a table so the child can eat from the table, vs. the tray?
Is that crotch post removable? Seems like when the baby becomes a toddler, you might want to get rid of that.
Is the cushion easy to wipe down and clean, or does food get stuck in the crevices?
does it fit a counter height table?
Does the harness easily remove for cleaning?
is this chair quite sturdy especially when your baby or toddler is moving about in it?
Do you need to remove the tray to take out the child?
where was it made
Is the chair cover supposed to be included in the package? It was not included in mine.
Is this too bulky? Can this be folded?
What is the age/weight/height limit for this chair? Will a 3 yrs old fit in comfortably?
Is the tray adjustable?
Is the tray adjustable?
How long can you record for? Is it continuous recording or motion activated?
says you can watch multiple rooms, do you have to buy more monitors? How is it, does it work good, the price is so much lower then others?
what the name of the app for androit phone?
Can the video be viewed anywhere or only within the home wifi network?
how do you get the sound to work on this? is there a guide book for it as well, ours just came with a one page directions and that is all.
Is the device operates at a frequency of mobile networks in Saudi Arabia ...Thanks
Does the app alert you if the camera disconnects due to power outage or if the wifi goes down?
Does it work in the dark? Need to be used as baby monitor. Thanks
How do you connect the camera? I keep getting username and password invalid
What is the difference between this model (CJ0) for $69.49 and the IPC103 WO5 model for $49.95?
what are the dimensions of the changing pad that is included in this clutch? good for 1.5 yrs old?
Does this open up into a changing pad orbits only a clutch you put things in like a bag?
does a bottle fit?? I wont have diapers in there just a change of clothes
Can this also be used as an everyday purse? The crossbag i currently have is just way too small. I need something for on the go, but nothing too big.
What is the drop length on the strap?
Do Medela bottles fit in this product?
how it works?
can you use this to sterilize breast pump parts and pacifiers ?
Will it hold six Born-Free 9 oz plastic bottles?
after you take it out the microwave, do you just let it sit on the kitchen counter to dry off? and if so, how long on average does it take to dry?
Do you still have to wash bottles and nipples first with soap, before sterilizing? Or can you put them in there right after baby uses them?
Can this used for cold sterlization ?
Can it fit narrow &amp; wide neck bootles ? How many bootle can fit in ?
Can this be used for the bottles that have drop ins? i remember that the nurser bottles do not advise sterilizing.
Where can i find the instruction on how to use it we had one given to us and there is none with it.
Would this hold pump flanges still attached to the bottles during storage between pumping sessions?
Can this bag hold 3 8oz Dr. Brown standard size bottles?
Could this bag fit into a standard size Jansport backpack? I am looking for something to put inside my backpack for my commute.
Can this bag hold 3 Medlea 5oz bottles?
can this bag keep things hot as well as cold
Does this bag fit into the skip hop duo diaper bag?
Can this bag hold more than 2 Dr. Brown bottles?
Could you use this to store breastmilk in bags while traveling? I need something to store expressed milk in while traveling for 2 days.
does this bag fit tommee tippee 9oz bottles
would this fit in the storage under the City Mini Jogger GT?
I live in a small town in Alaska. Will this work on gravel for summer and ice for winter? We don't have sidewalks here.
I am 5' tall, is this going to be a comfortable height for me to maneuver?
Hi! How is the stroller delievered? In a box and ready to use? Or we have to set it up before using?
How tall is the handle bar? is it adjustable?
is the child tray removable?
Is this jogger compatible with any car seat?
Does the canopy open any further than what is pictured? Or can it be pulled forward?
What's up with the bad reviews elsewhere? Lots on Target complaining about the front wheel wobbling &amp; the stroller being hard to fold. Any thoughts?
Does this stroller seat recline for infant use?
Does this work good on snow and sand (beach), thanks!
Does this inculdes a raincover and blue seat liner?
May I know the dimensions of the item when in its box or folded compact?
May I know the dimensions of the item when in its box or folded compact?
is it recline? hwo far? is it good for a sleeping baby?
Is this included hood and rain cover&#xFF1F;
Is it maclaren dylan's candy bar volo 2013 ?
Can use it inside an airplane?
I want to put it into carry-on bag (22x14x9inch) on my united airlines flight. Can anybody tell me its exact dimension when folded to see if it fits?
Can you attach an activity arch to it?
compared to the Bjorn Baby Bouncer which I know is 3xs this price, does this bouncer provide CORRECT support for baby's head, neck and back?
How long can the baby use this bouncer..he is only 2 weeks right now and prefers sitting somewhat elevated...wasn't sure how long it would be useful?
How do you fold the bouncer back to it's original size? I can fold it in half using the button and knob, but it looks like there is something else.
How do you fold the bouncer back to it's original size? I set it up and can't re-fold it enough to fit into the box.
Does the bouncer have a vibrate function?
What is this material made of and is it masine washable?
what is the material made of? Is this pvc,bpa and phalate free?Also what age max of child?
Is this a good choice for smaller vehicles?
Is this seat rear facing? Or, can it be rear facing?
Is this a comfortable seat for long car rides? We frequently visit family about 9 hours away.
Can you use this seat with an older van that has NO latches?
How easily does it stain and can it be washed?
Do the G4 recline when rear facing?
What is the difference between the Marathon 70-G3 and Marathon G4? Both are available on Amazon. I'm wondering if the G4 is just the newer version.
Does it have cup holders?
Anyone notice their child sweating more or if the seat fabric is breathable? We have the B-Agile infant seat and it is not breathable at all.
Could somebody please explain the LATCH system. I have a 2006 Honda Accord and have no idea whether it can utilize that system.
How easy is it to wash the covers in the event of a blowout/spilling?
will this fit on Britax Stroller like infant car seat?
Can it be used on Air Planes ? Is it FAA approved?
How do you recline the seat ?
I have a 1998 Suburban. The only thing the vehicle has in the middle position in the back is a lap belt. Can I use this seat?
I don't have latch connector in my car. Can I install this with safe belt? Is that stable?
Does a base need to purchased for this car seat or it can be installed as is?
My daughter is 13 month old. can she use this? Until how old?
I'm trying to figure out which Britax car seat to buy. Why choose this one? Thank you!
I have read that this isn't the ideal car seat for tall babies. Has anyone had experience with this? Thanks.
I am seeing online that the Britax Marathon is specifically better for taller children because there is a higher strap adjust than other models. True?
Does it have a cup holder? I can't tell from the picture.
can this be rear facing
Is the Pink Giraffe cover a soft texture?
Will this fit behind the driver's seat of my chevrolet traverse? Is it very wide compared to other seats? Is there a smaller but similar britax?
is this an all in one seat
Is this also a rear facing car seat?
What year is it from?
Thinking of getting a new seat for my 2 1/2 year old. Would this seat work well? She's 33 lbs. I don't see reviews re: older toddlers.
Does it give good head support, from the pics I feel like it's just a cushion,does it stop from the baby head to wobble while asleep during drives
I just got this seat but I HATE how the head part is so tight around my child's head so I removed the foam around that part, has anyone else done so?
How does the fabric hold up to spills? Is it easy to spot clean, or will it look trashed pretty quickly?
What is the difference between the Blvd g4 and the g4.1 other than $25?
What year is this seat manufactured?
Two questions, my daughter is a chunkier baby 8 months 21 pounds does this car seat do ok for bigger babies? Also do you buy bases seperately? thanks!
Will this fit in the access cab seat of a '09 Toyota Tacoma? Thanks!
is this car seat fit for small car? for example NISSAN VERSA
What age range does this one fit?
Is this seat Airline approved and does it come with the labels attached?
Would you recommend this car seat for a shorter child?. My son is 8 months and in the 10% percentile for height.
I have twins so I'm looking to buy 2. How would 2 fit in a compact/smaller vehicle (I have a 5-door Subaru Impreza)? Thanks!
What is the car seats crash test review
Does this have a detachable base? I'd like to find a convertible seat with detachable base so we could buy 2 bases and move the seat between cars
What is the rear facing height limit on this seat?
Is this approved by FAA and could take on flight?
Is the G4 material washable?
Why is this carseat discontinued?
What is the manufacture date of this seat?
Is this seat too big to fit into a small compact car? We have a Prius C
Does this product fix by LATCH system or ISOFIX system or just fix use safety belt?
Has anyone bought the cowmooflage? Does it stain easy and does it make the seat hot? Thank you
Is there a handle to use this as a baby carrier for infants? Will it work with the britax strollers?
why is this the prior model? why was this discontinued?
Is this suitable for 3m baby? Can it Reverse install!
can it be fixed by safety belt or ISO connection? If yes , could you show me how to do it. Thanks
Is this car seat airline approved?
Is this siutble for baby who is just 0ne month? can she lay down on the seat?
If you've installed this seat a small-sized car, can two adults still sit comfortably in the back seat (average/small sized adults)?
Does this car seat/ fabric run warm? I live in a very hot climate and am worried that it would be too stuffy.
Is there a height requirement or maximum with this car seat?
In your opinion, is the Zebra or Silver Diamonds cover suitable for a boy? I like both patterns, I'm just wondering if they are more neutral or girly.
Wondering if the child would get hot in the car seat given the velour fabric? Debating whether to get this style or the Broadway.
Is this Car seat can used on a car with isofix connector?
I have an IS250, which I will soon be getting rid of, but in the meantime need a bigger seat for my 15 month old. Would this one fit rear facing in the back? Everything I have read says they are huge! I do not know what the next car will be, but bigger...
I have a 2014 Subaru Outback, has anyone installed one in this car? Wondering how well is fits.
Has anyone used this on an airplane?
Up until what age, weight, hight do you start using this seat facing forward?
if i buy the item&iuml;&frac14;&#140;can it be shipped to china by AmazonGlobal Priority Shipping
Is this Car seat can used on a car with isofix connector?
Is there a 3c sign on it? I need it to import to China.Thanks!
Can this be rear facing?
Can you move it easily from one car to another?
does it recline
Does this car seat fit into a Toyota Corolla without taking up half of the back seat and needing to move the front seat all the way up?
Do we need to purchase the base separately??
What are the main differences between this model and the older Advocate G3?
So what are the differences between this and the Britax Roundabout which is half the cost? Is it really safer?
Is this compatible with the BOB Stollers?
Has anyone brought this seat onto an airplane? I'm guessing it wouldn't fit due to width but figured I would ask. Thanks!
Will it fit in a Mazda 3?
does it have a good recline for baby s nap for a long drive?
I have a corolla, does it fix?
Trying to choose a color and sounds like the Laguna is scratchy. Do other colors make your child sweat? Which do you recommend?
Was thinking about the sterling. Do your babies sweat in this seat? My baby boy sweats a lot in the b-safe seat.
I'm looking for a car seat that the harness will adjust during winter snow suit season. Any suggestions
I've read some of the reviews for the G3 that the straps are difficult to adjust. Anyone having the same issue(s)for this newer model? TIA
What is the material for the black part of the Onyx seat? It looks soft in the pictures - like felt or velvet or something.
Does this recline for infants?
Is the G4 headrest adjustable?
We can use it since birth?
What is the expiration date on this carseat since it has been discontinued by the manufacturer?
Does this car seat have ISOFIX install connection? and what's the different between Britax Pavilion G4 and Advocate G4 ?
Does this rear face?
is this compatible with a 2 point seat belt/lap belt?
Has anyone been through an accident with this car seat? Did the car seat adequately protect your child?
Is the fabric washable?
What's the maximum seated shoulder height? forward facing? My daughter is 84cm,17mth, and her seated shoulder height is 45cm, and it's rather tight.
What is the age range for this car seat?
What is the maximum weight front facing?
does this broadway G4 have click tight safety feature?
is this FAA approved?
Hi, Is there much space between the latch and the insides of the legs? Is there much space for comfort? Not much in current one.
We drive a Prius.Will Britax Advocate fit on the back of co-pilot seat (rear facing) &amp; still leave room to be comfortable in front?(we have 2 kids)
Can I use this on a front seat in a car with no backseat?
What is the difference between this and the G3 model?
does anyone know how many of these you can fit across in an suv? will two fit, with room for an adult also?
Does anyone know the height limitations on this seat? I can't find it anywhere in the product details and my child is already 29 1/2 inches at 4 mo!
Does the fabric option (Onyx, Silver Birch, Sterling, Deseret Palm, etc) makes any difference to the comfort?
Are the straps difficult to adjust? Also, does it sit high while rear facing? Thanks
Can you bring this seat on plane?
Is the cloth part of the seat detachable for washing? Or is it spot clean only?
I understand that when this car seat is forward facing the height restriction is 49", but what is the height restriction when it is rear facing?
How does this compare to the Peg Perego or the Chicco Nextfit?
With other car seats you can take the car seat out with the baby in it and go into your house or wherever are you able to do that with this carseat?
Would this seat work for an infant? I live out of the country and have to choose a truly convertible car seat to take Baby from newborn to toddler
Has anyone bought the Gridline fabric model? What is the texture like?
i'm in between the Gridlock color and black. The Gridlock material looks rough. Is it soft and cozy? The black looks hot.
I live Phoenix so it gets hot in the summer, does this seat make your child sweaty?
Does this seat come with a base?
I saw on a youtube review of an unboxing of this product and it came with a cup holder and pouch mine did not come with it. Is it supposed to?
Does this car seat adjust to a more upright position as the child grows?
Hi, I need to use it in Europe and want to know if it has a label showing a capital 'E' in a circle anywhere? This means it is EU approved.
Would a pavilion 70 G3 cover fit the G4?
Can anyone who purchased the Britax Pavilion recently in Gridline or Onyx tell me the manufacture date of their car seat?
I am looking for a stroller to take to Disneyworld for my 2 and almost 4 year old... Can this stroller fit an average 4 year old comfortably?
Is there a huge difference between this and the 2012 model?
which car seats are compatible with the city mini double stroller ?
can you jog with this stroller? and how well does it work on dirt paths?
How does this stroller handle dirt paths or dirt roads?
This stroller vs the Valco Snap Duo2?
Can I use 2 car seats in this stroller at the same time as I am having twins ? and what car seats are compatible with this ?Please advise . Thanks
What is the model year for this stroller?
What are folded dimensions? I am trying to find something that fits in the back of my minivan.
Does this stroller fits int he back of a regular prius or small car?
What year model is this?
How easy is this to fold, really?
When folded will this stroller stand up or does it have to be laid on its side?
In the amazon pic the seat of the 2014 teal stroller is gray, but below it shows it as teal. Is the seat gray or teal?
Is this suitable for infants? This is my first and having a hard time picking the right stroller.
Anybody have the teal? The image on the computer looks really nice; but I don't want to get it here and find it's too bright for a boy
Do any of you have the "teal" color? If so, can you please tell me if the color is more blue or green?
What is the difference between this model and the previous other than more color choices and $100 more?
is this the 2014 model?
So the onyx doesnt come in the 2014 model?
Does the Baby Jogger City work well for trips to the mall and daily walks?
Does this stroller work well for walking paved trails or streets? I want to go for walks but we don't have sidewalks.
FTM here: is this just the frame, no seat, or is this the frame and seat?
Hello, can I take it into several parts in different bags to bring it in an airplane to other country? For not to pay extra charges
is the seat detachable so we can use it when carrying our newborn home from hospital? -- we live in New York so will be riding in a taxi.
I want this stroller for everyday use, but I also want to use it for the rough terrain at soccer fields. Is this a good stroller for both?
Does the canopy have uv protection?
Even without the all terrain wheels, can this stroller handle lots of jogging?
would this fit in the trunk of a 1997 toyota corrola? With nothing else in there?
Is it possible to fully pull down the canopies so the sun close to sunset doesn't distract babies?
Does anyone know if when this folded can it be wheeled or do you have to carry it?
Can you install an infant seat adapter to one side of the double?
Would a 4 year old be able to lay down to nap in this stroller? We're looking to rent this stroller in Disney and I feel he'll want to nap there.
Can this maneuver well in sand/ walks on the beach?
Anyone had problems getting through standard doorways? How would this be in the mall, for example?
Is this easy to jog with? Seems like the BoB design might be better for fitness. Thoughts?
What drink holder for parents fits well on the City Mini GT DOUBLE Stroller?
Has anyone taken this stroller to Disneyland? I'm concerned about accessing the basket. Where did you put everything for the day for baby &amp; toddler?
is this good enough for everyday use in nyc, like on the bus and subway?
Has anyone experienced the tipping over problem that has been mentioned across various forums? That is my only concern stopping me from buying this.
How compact is this to put in trunk and to fly with?
in terms of its size when folded does anyone know how it compares to a baby trend jogger? Can I take it through to the gate on air trips?
The picture of the Crimson/Gray shows a gray seat. The same stroller on the Baby Jogger website shows a red seat. What is the actual seat color?
What year is this model?
Need a compact, easily fold/unfold 1-handed, stroller f/5 weeks in NYC w/nearly 2-y.o. Does this really fold/unfold 1-handed? Any straps to rethread?
What's the difference between this new version and the prior version? There's a $120 price difference, it is worth the difference?
I am thinking of ordering the all black model, but I'm concerned that it will look dirty very easily. I would be grateful for any input.
Has anyone been using this with a newborn? Any experience with or without the bassinet?
is this the 2014 or 2013 model?
Can you actually jog with this stroller?
Is the citi mini gt compatible with britax car seat? if so, what adapter works best?
Hi! The description on a site (momstrollerreviews) specifies is not for newborns. I consider getting it for a newborn. Can someone please tell why not
Warranty details for use in US
How does it do in the grass or very uneven terrain?
Can you please let me know the cost of shipping to Brisbane, Australia?
Will a Britax car seat fit in this stroller? Thanks so much
Would the sand stone color get dirty? Is it
A couple of quick qs - 1) what year is this model? 2) has anyone tried it with the chicco car seat adapter?3) can you check it in at the gate?
What is the diff&eacute;rence between the city mini with two wheels in the front (2012) and the one with one wheel (2014)?
Does the new 2014 version sit up/balance on its own when its folded, or do you need to lay it down flat?
Is the car seat adapter convenient and easy to use or kind of awkward and bulky?
Can anyone tell me if the stroller tips back when you put a decently weighed baby bag on the handle?
Is this the 2014 model stroller?
Would the sand stone color get dirty? Is it easy to clean?
If you can't hang your bag on the handle bar, can you hang it on the bar where you would install a console?
can you actually jog with this stroller? I am lookign for something I can train with- also my 2 1/2 year old is tall; Will he even fit?
Does this stroller work with the britax b-safe infant car seat?
Does the teal fabric clean easily and resist staining? I prefer the teal but thought about black in case teal stains or shows dirt more than black.
How does the teal fabric hold up against dirt or stains? I prefer the teal shade, but thought about getting black to better hide wear and tear.
Will this fit through doorways?
Is this the 2014 edition of the Baby Jogger City Mini GT Double Stroller?
Will this stroller accommodate an infant carrier seat?
How much does this stroller weigh? (Tech details says "1 pound"???)
Does this work with Graco Car seats?
Can you connect a car seat in place of the second seat, Chicco Key Fit 30 car seat?
When purchased from this vendor on amazon, the second seat kit IS included, correct?
Hi does these stroller include the second seat. Or just the adaptors?
Is this the 2013 model, or the 2011 model? The title says 2013, but the description mentions 2011.... So which is it?
Is the second seat included?
I noticed the frame is not very high. Does this cause a problem when pushing your baby/toddler?
What's the weight limit?
Will this stand work with a little tikes toddler swing? I have a swing and am just looking for a stand - one that is not $200-$300!
What is the weight limit for this swing?
Has anyone found a cupholder that connects to this model carseat?
how does it connect to the car via seat belt or with the click belts on each side
Does anybody knows how can I wash the cover?? Please let me know :)
Is this car seat FAA approved for use in air travel?
Can you take the cover off and wash it?
Expiration date for seats shipping in December 2014? Does anyone know? Should be 6 years from DOM.
What is the expiration date?
How much does this car seat weigh?
Does it have a cup holder?
Is this seat comfortable for a 6 month old..........it doesn't seem to have much padding
How is the night vision clarity? One reviewer said it doesn't work and it made me hesitate on the purchase. Thanks in advance!
Does it come with wall mounting hardware? Or can I mount this to the wall/ceiling?
Can you do split screen with this monitor?
Does the camera have a night light function? my current monitor had this feature but the monitor has died so looking for a new unit.
Are the cameras able to tilt in order to get a better angle if needed?
How is the range on these cameras? We have a 2,300 square foot home, has anyone had an issue with losing connection?
is this dual voltage like other Motorola models?
We are looking for a baby video monitor that is sound activated that only the camera turns on with sound/motion? Does this camera do that?
Can you move the cameras horizontally and vertically from the parent unit?
Are the batteries rechargeable?
what is the difference with 2014 model vs 2013?
Hello, what is the difference between Shadow and Black Drift? Are they both 2014 model? Thanks!
What is the maximum height that these seats can work with? We have a very tall baby and worried he may outgrow in height before the weight limits
Does the Foonf recline? I've heard from more than one person that the seat isn't comfortable for the kiddos - has anyone experienced this?
faa approved?
Is the fabric soft or itchy? Does it feel quality?
Does seat come assembled or do I have to put it together?
Does this seat have the Canadian National Safety Mark as it is manufactured in Canada?
Does the child have to be able to hold their head up or sit up alone to use this seat ? What is the minimum age and weight ?
Does this carseat have European safetey certification and display the european car safety sticker ?
What is this cap made of?
Will this fit a three year old?
Does it prevent water from getting inside baby's ears too or does it drip down? Thx!!!
On the smallest setting what is the circumference length? Will it fit a 2 month old?
This appears like this only alows access to wash the very top of the babie head. Correct? What good would that do to wash all thier hair?
Does it come with a freezer bag to keep food chilled?
does it come with the spoons and containers?
I am not clear if this is just the case or it come with the spoons and containers...does anyone know? Thanks
does this work for women with large breasts
I love the way this looks, but how breathable is the fabric? My baby is due in June and I have 2 other kids. Will we be dying of heat when we use it?
Does this have enough back support for carrying 15 month and older babies on a hike?
what are the dimensions of the wrap (I am especially curious about the length)?
is it made in china and non-toxic&#xFF1F;
Has anyone tried to swim with this wrap? Or take a shower. I'm just wondering how it handles being wet.
Does the water flow easily?My baby struggles to get water out of a NUK sippy cup ( not sure if it's the same) I have already.
We can only get a small amount of liquid out what are we doing wrong? Yes we've removed the plug. HELP!
10 month old son tried these for a while and still can't get much water out. He does better with a small regular cup, but we need a lid. Suggestions?
My baby doesn't know how to use this. Is he supposed to bite &amp; suckle? Or suckle will do? He is biting it like a teether so he's not drinking anything
what is the suggested age for these?
Any idea how light/heavy these things are?
Are the 2 count packaging together or separately?
can I use warmer to warm up milk in this sippy cup?
Is this cup BPA free?
Is it 12 dollars for 2 cups?
Is this a true white or more of an ivory?
Is there is any difference between this crib and the Munire Brunswick crib? Different dimensions? Different wood/material?
Does this include conversion kits for toddler and adult beds?
Is mattress size 51.8x27.7x6.5 the right size for this crib?
Is MDF used in the making of the crib or is it 100% wood?
Does it include a mattress?
When the crib is shipped, is it already put together or does the purchaser have to assemble?
Does this crib have the fresh paint smell?
Does the crib have adjustable mattress levels?
What are the assembled dimensions? The Amazon page says 63.5 x 52.3 x 7.5 inches but that has to be the shipping box dimensions.
Can the Summer Infant Baby wifi still work outside of US or Canada?
Does this WifI feature means that we can view the camera via android/ios application, outside of the home wifi coverage too, may be while at a Mall?
how can I buy extra monitor
Upon scanning camera info I get a Device Not Available For Registration message...
Has anyone had problems with the temperature no longer appearing on the monitor screen?
Is this just the camera or the entire system?
Does the link wifi camera also work with the SUmmer Infant Baby Touch Boost monitor?? Like can I view the camera from the monitor when wifi is disable
has anyone used this at the beach?
What car seats work with this stroller? Do I have to get an adapter or does one come with it?
how do i make the seat stay in the upright sitting position?
Is there a way tp buy the tire pump itself.? Instead of having to buy it with the bag.?
What is the size of this stroller when folded up? How much room does it take up in the back of a car?
Can you attach a diaper bag that loops over the handle bar onto this without it sliding down or the stroller tipping over?
Is this the 2014 model or 2013 model?
Has anyone had an issue with the tires going flat?
How does this stroller do going through lots of snow? Has anyone had to use it in bad weather in snowy climates that can weigh in on this?
Will this stroller work well going to baseball parks and football &amp; soccer fields? Wondering how it will handle on the uneven fields vs a jogger.
Does the backpack come with the blue changing pad?
approximately how big is this bag/what are the dimensions?
does the bag have straps for the stroller?
Does it hold Medela or Dr. Brown bottles and an ice pack?
Does it come with a car seat base ?
Has anyone actually travelled with this toddler car seat &amp; stroller? I have the infant system and love it, but unsure about this...
Does the toddler stroller seat sunshade attach to the toddler car seat?
When installed in the car...can this seat face forward, or does it only face towards the rear?
when is the good time to transition from the smaller orbit car seat to this bigger one? How old, or how heavy should your kid be ? Our kid is 14mo
Would this car seat work for a baby under 1? My son is 6 months &amp; quickly outgrowing his Graco infant seat &amp; closer in height/weight to a 1 year old.
Did you hear, a San Francisco store pulled Orbit, and several people have sent away foam for testing and it has come back with tris in it?!
Does the seat sit up high? I am wondering if my daughter will be able to see out the window well. I am debating between this and the Clek.
How long ago was the manufacture date on your seat when you bought it? I'm wondering if mine is too old and I should ask for a newer one.
Does this toddler car seat fit in an airplane? Is it approved for air travel?
does a g2 stroller sun shade fit on a g3 stroller or do you have to buy a g3 stroller sunshade ? also will a g2 car seat shade fit on a g3 car seat
Can the G3 infant car seat fit in a G2 stroller base?
Does your baby sweat in this seat? I own the G2 infant car seat and my baby sweats in it so badly! Is this stroller seat any better?
Can i put the g2 basinet on the g3 frame?
How many reclining positions does this seat/stroller have?
Does it come with a sunshade or do I need to buy it separately? Does it work with the Infant Car Seat G2 - Sunshade and Upholstery Combo (Mocha) ?
Do you think a newborn can ride in this stroller seat if we add a head and neck support pillow?
What wires and clip do I have to buy in order for the color pack to work on my g3strollerseat?
I have a G1 stroller frame. Would this seat work with it?
Does it fit to the car seat base?
what color is this bassinet ?
Can you travel with this?
Is the nightlight and music system console able to be removed from the bassinet?
Can anyone please share the link to buy a fitted sheet for this?
what size mattress do I buy?
what is the size of the box?
Where to buy extra mattress or mattress cover please?
would you recommend this for my baby?
Do you use a waterproof pad with this?
It says this bassinet vibrates. Someone said it doesn't... Does it have the vibration feature or not?
i ordered the Galaxy thinking it would be gray.. but it looks like its more bluish. is the tranquil wood more gray??
are the four corners of this crib skirt cut apart or sewn together? My crib has corners and I'd need "four flaps" rather than something sewn together.
Has anyone used this on a Pali crib or any non-Babyletto crib?
Has anyone successfully used this crib skirt with their Babyletto Hudson Crib?
Do these fit on the Babyletto mercer model? Are the drawers still accessible?
What is the difference between the colors Galaxy and Tranquil Woods? They both look the same.
Can this camera scan
Is it possible to move this camera from room to room in your own house (same wifi network) throughout the day? If so, how easy/difficult would that be
My range is limitless IF I have my camera connected to my home network/internet. I can then view the camera as long as my smart phone has internet?
How is the audio quality? I am currently using an older DCS-925L (non-"baby" model) and there is constant background static which is very loud.
what is the voltage? 110V, 220V or both?
Can you set it up on multiple mobile devices and use at the same time?
Is there a monthly fee to be able to access the video feed on your iphone/ipad/computer... when outisde the wifi network that the camera is in?
Can you mount this camera on the wall?
If wifi signal was very weak, would this camera be able to just record to the SD card instead of bothering connecting to the internet? Thanks!
Can this camera be used with D-link's NVR's (Network Video Recorders) such as model numbers: DNR-322L or DNR-202L
Are the toys BPA free?
My baby is almost 3 months and weight 14 pounds,can she fit in it?
I want the one in the first picture- there are more activities and the hanging toys and ladybug are different. Can I get this one if I order?
How tall was your baby when they were able to touch the ground? Our son could never reach the ground in our Fisher Price bouncer.
Does this light up/ play music when baby jumps? I am searching for a good jumparoo that does NOT include too much electronic stimulation....
Does the seat convert to a doorway jumper? (The one at Babies R Us does, and it's the exact same picture on the box - but $30 more!)
Does anyone have an issue with one side lifting off ground when child bouncing? Seems mine needs to be weighted down. Baby only 16 lbs
The description says that the legs are removable for storage. Is that easy to do? I'd like to store this in the closet when we're not using it.
Can you switch out the wonder wheel for one of the other suction cup toys?
Does this offer the feature of removing the seat and turning into a doorway jumper? When sold from BabiesRUs, it has this option,(more costly).
Is it portable, does it fold ? so I have somewhere to put my baby down if we decided to go to the park or similar activities ?
What's the maximum weight a baby can weigh up to before they have to stop using it?
Is the vibration feature on a timer? Or is it an on/off switch
Are the wings detachable and washable?
can you carry baby in the bouncer using the toy handle?
The description says the wings have two Stages... Stage 1: Newborn Baby Wing Adjustment. Stage 2: Growing Baby Wing Adjustment. How do they adjust?
How do you get the cover off to wash???
The newborn can use it &#xFF1F;
Can the "wings" be secured swaddled and on the sides when not in use? Thinking of SIDS risk...
what is the maximum weight for using the harness?
Does the back detach so that it's just a booster seat on its own? Or does the back stay on for the booster seat mode? I can't tell from the pictures.
Can this seat be installed without the latch system? My car is not equipped with one...
Will the seat fit in a snap and go?
I drive a Honda Fit, a compact 4-door hatchback. Would this seat fit well in there?
Does this seat recline in in the ff position? If so, how much. We like to do long road trips.
Will this car seat fit rear facing in a Nissan Rogue with the front seat all the way back?
Would this fit with 3 car seats across?
I have a three year old and a baby on the way. Can I use the booster seat portion of this seat for my older child while still giving baby what it need
Will this fit properly in a hyundai elantra, 2002? We are having a hard time finding a seat that fits snug and angled correctly for facing rear.
Also, can anyone compare/contrast with Baby Jogger City Select? It seems preferable bc it has 2 full seats, but much heavier.
Can a child fit on the back seat if the front is fully reclined?
Can you use a second Joovy seat in the back like the Caboose Too?
Can you fit 3 kids? I have a 1 year old, a 2 year old, but at times my 5 year old gets tired. Is it possible to sit AND stand in the back?
How long is the stroller with the canopy removed? Is it easy to remove the canopy once folded?
Where can I buy an extra snack tray for the varylight model? There is no option to purchase replacement parts for this model on the Joovy website.
Can the older child sit on the back bench when an infant seat is attached to the front, as shown in the picture?
Does this stroller work with a baby trend car seat?
Which parent organizers fit on this stroller? The VaryLight parent organizer is sold out everywhere online.
Are the folded dimensions different if the stroller frame is extended vs not extended?
I have a small hatchback Fiat 500 and with my Granddaughter's car seat on one side of the back seat, will this stroller be small enough to fit safely?
can you used it with a stand board for a second child?
can it be used a jogging stroller?
We have the B-Agile and have difficulty to turn and steer since the front wheel remains misaligned and skids. Does anyone else have this issue?
Can the Britax Marathon Covertible Car seat be attached to the Britax B-Agile?
What is the differences between 2013 version and 2014 one?
How is this stroller on snow and ice? I live in the city and often there are unshoveled stretches of sidewalk.
After 4 months use, the wheels get stuck. It is not smooth when moving. Anyone has this problem too? It is not easy to control the direction.
Is this a good city stroller? Is it sturdy on cobble stones and uneven surfaces? Can I take it to a city park?
which month can i put baby in this stroller?
What are the differences between the 2013 and 2014 model ?
The "Product Description" says the car seat base is included; however, one of the comments below says it wasn't included. Is it included?
I need to know the exact weight and dimensions of the shipped box ? And are they shipped in a single box or 2 boxes ?
Can the stroller be used without fabric (removing the fabric and use only with the car seat )?
Is it being delivered pre-assembled?
Does this stroller allow for the baby to lay flat on his back, if he was sleeping for example?
It appears this carseat goes to 30 lbs weight capacity, what do you use afterwards?
hello, can i have the weight and dimensions of the boxes of these items?
Is this stroller good for tall people?
So included base abd car seat adapter are only for stroller? can it also attach to the car seat? or need to buy base kit in addition?
what are the differences between 2014 B-Agile stroller and 2013 B-agile stroller?
What is the size ( W * H * D) of shipping box and the weight of shipping box ?
What's the difference between Britax 2014 B-Agile and Britax 2015 B-Agile?
Is this same as B-Agile 3?
Can we remove the wheels ? if yes, is it easy to attach them again?
Dear All, I would appreciate if you could let me know if the model of the car Britax 2014 B-Agile Stroller, Red fits with the Britax B-Safe Infant Car
Is this the same stroller that sold as "Britax 2014 B-Agile and B-Safe Travel System" ?
Does the Bob B-Safe car seat (2012) fit into the b-agile 3 stroller without any additional adapter?
Is this stroller part of the recall?
What kind of material are the wheels? Rubber or thin plastic?
Does anyone have a list of the changes being made for the 2014 Model? Can't seem to find this online...
how heavy is the carseat?
Does anyone have any experience using this stroller on uneven ground?
Will the car seat base fit inside the basket underneath the stroller? We live in the city without a car and will need to install in taxis on-the-go.
Does the seatback sit upright?
The B-Safe brings the base for the car?
Is there an option to have a rear-facing seat? I know that with the infant seat, the child is rear-facing, but I'm wondering about the regular seat.
Do you really need to lock the front wheels when the car seat is on the stroller to avoid tipping, anybody had this problem / experience?
I'm 6 feet tall and my husband's even taller; is the height of the handles adjustable to make it easier for us to push?
How far does the stroller seat recline. I understand it's not full recline. Has your toddler slept in this in the max recline position?
Does it have an audio component?
Does anyone have contact info for the manufacturer? Need to exercise warranty.
Where can I buy additional cameras?
Is the camera battery powered too?
Does this come with a warranty?
Hi, Are you able to turn the sound completely off and just use the video feature?
Does this system offer a two way microphone, meaning can I speak to the baby?
Can the temperature display be changed from c to f ?
Is this going to fit 3-4 years old? Thank you!
Is this soft like the silicone mats that you bake on? I am looking for something really flexable that I can roll up.
Why is the shipping weight less than the item weight? Also, how many do you get? 1, 2?
My baby usually ends up rolling into a corner of her crib in the night. Will this create false alarms?
I'm really torn between this monitor and the angel care. Any experience with both?
We have a crib with the metal wire bottom, do we need to put something down to make it a flat surface or can the sensors be placed on that alone?
Do you need to use both pads together? If so, can you fit both in a bassinet?
Has anyone used this successfully on a foam mattress (not memory foam)?
Has anybody used this if the baby is swaddled? Would this product still be effective?
My baby is a side sleeper. Will this work if he sleeps on his side?.
Will this work under a Naturepedic Mattress (http://www.amazon.com/Naturepedic-Co...
From the website of Hisense, I know that Babysense II is clinically tested. As a new generation product, is Babysense 5s also clinically tested?
Would this work oversees with 220V?
When the alarm sounds, does it sound at the parent unit, the child unit, or both?
If I pick up baby out of bed, does the alarm go off? If so I have to "disarm" it before picking up baby?
Is the hard board going to work with the Kendall crib by Pottery Barn? the mattress' frame is not solid, is open (wires).
Do you need additional support under the grid? Has it been recalled as stated in reviews?
We already have a monitor with a camera. Will it still work if we use both? Any static?
Does it come with AC Adapter or it is on Bataries Only?
Can it go in the bassinet?
Will this product work if we have our infant on her stomach in a pac-n-play?
Will this detect movement and sound if a baby is sleeping on his stomach?
Is it pretty light-weight and suitable for traveling to Europe?
It says that the battery life is only four hours. Is this accurate? Do you have to change the batteries in the middle of the night, every night?
what does it mean that the battery life is 4 hours? How does that work? It wouldn't even last through the night then?
So every time I take the baby off the mattress to nurse, etc the alarm will go off due to no movement?
Do the open box items come with instructions
Instructions say do not put bedding between monitor and mattress.. does this mean you cannot use mattress pads and/or sheets?
can i use under a standard bassinet mattress?
It says you can't use it with a dual sided mattress. My mattress is dual firmness. Will the monitor work with my mattress?
so if batteries only last 4 hr will i have to change them ever night?
Is this wireless? Or does the sensor pad connect to monitor by wire? I know the old ones all have wires but have been waiting for the new wireless.
Is this monitor sensitive enough to monitor breathing?
How many inches is it from the top of the mattress to the top of the crib? We have an escape artist.
Is the "espresso" color really as light as shown in the photo? In the photos, it looks much lighter than most "espresso" stained furniture.
Which conversions kits do I need to purchase on Amazon?
What rail guards/protector fit this crib? Need something to protect the rails from a teething baby but fit the curves of the crib.
is the daybed twin size or toddler?
How do we order the additional kits to convert the crib and further? And what if the manufacturer discontinues the product?
Are any additional conversion kits necessary for use through the stages of the crib, such as the rail guard?
where can i buy the conversion rails?
What is the exact amount of open space between the vertical slats?
What is the age range for this crib?
does this model not need and adapter for the car seat?
Does it accommodate infants? Do you need the Britax infant head and bobby support pillow?
Is the handle adjustable? We both are very tall and I wonder how tall the stroller handle is
Is the carseat airplane approved?
What is the difference between this model (S890400) and the other model of the listed on Amazon (S910800)?
Does this bundle include the Bob Single Snack Tray and the BOB infant car seat adapter? Is this bundle 4 items like the BOB revolution travel system?
Is this crib up to standards on all of the dimensions and widths between the slats? I cant seem to find that information anywhere.
Does the crib frame have adjustments for the elevating or lowering of the crib mattress?
how many levels are there to adjust the mattress ?
when was the crib manufactured?
Does this crib come with a mattress?
What crib mattress fits this crib?
Does it have a drop side
What is this crib made of?
So the crib can only hold a child that is 50lbs? what happens when they become toddlers
What kind of wood is this made with?
How wide can you make it?
I need 84 inches wide. can I put 2 together? and how tall is it? I need 3 ft.high so dog won't jump over and 7 ft. or more wide.
how long is it? Meaning how wide of a doorway, etc. will it block...
Can I use this at the top or bottom of the stairs for kids?
how tall is it.i'm using it to separate two cat until they can get use to each other
How narrow a space will it fit?
Can you open the gate for an adult to walk through without having to take the whole thing down? Not clear in the description.
will this work for bottom of stairs?
How big are the openings? I want to use with ferrets but need to make sure that can't squeeze through.
Trying to keep dog out of cat food/litter area. Do you think I could cut a small cat-sized opening in the mesh without it falling apart?
where can you find this product for $12.00?
were can i find he for $20
With one doll per person, how did Amazon.com manage to collect 7 of them to resell?
Can these attach directly to a phillips avent breast-pump?
Can they freeze flat (enough) and have they ever leaked while thawing? also, anyone that can compare to NUK?
Can they be thaw on the Avent Bottle Warmer?
Are these reusable?
will these work with playtex nurser bottles?
Where this product is produced?
I noticed these have a oil like smell to them. I washed them 6x and the smell stays. I haven't used them yet, they are brand new. Does that go away?
I noticed most reviews mention using these as an insert for a pocket diaper. Can you use these by just laying in a cover and having up against skin?
Thinking about trying cloth diapers for the first time....what do you need to get going if using this product? 4 mo old and 4 y.o. (for night time)
Has anyone tried these with Soft Bums (Echo or Omni)? Do you usually need more than one in the diaper?
In comparison to hemp liners, how well do these work for heavy wetters overnight?
Are these trim or bulky in diaper?
Will these fit in size small Gdiapers?
If I have some diaper covers, (flip, rumparoo, Alva, Gro-via etc.) Is this type of liner all I need to combine with the cover?
What is the proper way to prep these inserts? I have washed them about 5-6 times and they still repel water, it just runs right off!
Do these inserts fit in the the All in One Bum Genuis when you need a little extra?
can someone tell me what size it says on the bottom of the slow flow nipple? mine says size 2 and I dont know why
Does this bottle fit directly onto the Hygeia breast pump flanges?
what level nipple does this bottle come with?
Does anyone know if the Natural Wave nipples fit on Tommee Tippee or other brand bottles?
Do these bottles fit onto the Lansinoh double electric breast pump?
Is "size 2" nipple a medium or slow flow? I got a bottle from baby's r us and it says "Size 2", but I'm not sure if it is a slow or medium flow.
Anyone seen bottle tops for these? Not nipple caps...
do the set of 3 come with nipples or do you have to order those separately? what flow speed nipple are they? Kind of confusing for a new mom! Thanks f
So I saw 2 different answers for this question, just wondering what size nipple these bottles come with?
Are the nipples the same as the ones for the prior version of the mOmma?
What bottle warmer do these fit in? I cant seem to find a Lansinoh warmer?
Tons of air bubbles! How do I reduce the amount of air bubbles? My baby likes this bottle but I worry about excess gas.
Does Lansinoh make a "fast flow" nipple or is it just slow and medium flow?
Does the 8 oz bottle come with a fast flowing nipple?
Are there ounce tick-marks on the bottle so you can see how many ounces you are pouring in? I can't see any on the picture.
Hello, I see these containers are BPA free. Are they phalate free as well? I plan to thaw baby food in them and to use them in bottle warmers also.
Do these containers nest?
Do these stain easily?
Hi, do these containers have measurements on it like 1 to 5 ounces labeled on the actual container?
Where are these made?
Do these heat in boiling water safely too?
How tall are these? I am trying to fit them (stack one on top of the other) into a lunch bag that I use for day care for my son.
How do the lids open? Are they snap on?
How are customers going about opening the box? I finally used a boxcutter; is there another way?
What are these containers and lids made of? Silicone? Plastic? Glass?
Is the price of the brica stretch to fit window sun shade for one individual or is it a set of two?
can i use it in a house window to block out sunlight? i have blackout curtains in my baby's room already but it is still too bright
Is there any UV protection or SPF rating?
Has anyone used this on windows with after market tint? I'm wondering if the suction cups could damage the tint.
Is this too big to put between my two visors in the front window where the sun comes in near the rear view mirror
can u put these on driver side window?
Does this work in a rear window?
Wondering what the outside visibility is especially with already factory privacy glass
Does this fit on Target carts? From what I have been reading, many do not.
What are the dimentions of the smart device pocket?
Does this fit Costco carts?
Does it have a belt for the child and a belt to attach the cover to the cart?
Is it easy to put on? Does it have elastic all the way around so it can easily go on?
Is it machine or hand washable?
Hi, do you think a 23lbs/29 inch tall baby will still fit into the seat positioner? My baby is very big for his age but not an excellent sitter yet.
Does this have padding for back support?
Does anyone know if the smart device pocket fit an iPhone 6?
Can someone please tell me the exact dimensions of the smart phone insert? I have the Samsung Note 2 and I'm wondering if it will fit. Thanks!
Does this cooler set include the ice pack and 4 5 oz bottles (as pictured)?
Do all fours bottles fit in the bag with the cooler?
Does this bag fit the 5oz bottles holding the nipple. I mean prepared bottles for the baby?
How long can the milk stay cool in this set? Is it good for a day trip (i.e. 12 hrs, maybe)?
I will be traveling without my baby for 3 days. Will this be able to hold all the milk bags with just the cooler for around 7 hrs?
Does the nipples come with this set
Does this set include 4 bottles?
Does it fit the 8 ounce bottles as well?
are the bottles compatible with the pump in style advanced double electric pump?
Is there any advantage to using this cooler bag over a generic cooler bag and adding an ice pack or two?
Does the sunshade rotate? I have read reviews that say that the sunshade is not very large, but is it anchored to the back?
Does this work with any lightweight snap n go strollers?
does this come with the base?
Are the straps re-thread, or is it a no-rethread harness?
Can I use the Aton 2 with a Bugaboo Donkey?
Does this car seat come with the sunshade?
I hear smth rattling around in the base when I move the base in my hands, as though smth is loose. Is this normal? Or did I get a defective unit?
Does this carseat have the 360&deg; rotation system that allows the seat to swivel for putting baby in and taking baby out?
Is this seat FAA approved? If not, can anyone recommend a set that is FAA approved? thanks!
I need this for my driver's side window when driving. Would there be any reason it wouldn't work for that?
Where can I buy replacement suction cups that would work to hold these shades in place?
Does it contain PVC? What is material composition?
what is it made of?
I placed these on the front windows of my car. Driver and passenger sides. Would this be legal still in California?
Does this include two shades?
jetta
Can your toddler pull it off? My son is 2 1/2 and seems to be able to figure out how to open/unlock things. He is forward facing.
ilive in france and i would like to buy this product - why is it that it cannot be shipped over?
Does anyone use this in a cold environment? I live in Canada and I heard that suction cup sunshades don't stick in the cold weather. Do these ones?
What is the height restrictions for this seat for children who are Rear Facing?
Can you fit two of these car seats plus a small adult in the back row of a Town and Country?
does it come with base
Does it fit most car?which car it can not fit?what about Golf?
how do you loosen the harness straps?
Anyone who purchased drive a very small car? I drive a 4-door mini - wondering if this is a good choice for a compact car?
Will this fit in an airplane seat?
Will this seat fit rear facing in the third row of a chevy suburban?
Are you able to machine wash the car seat cover?
Does this seat meet all crash test requirements? Any recalls? Thanks!
is this JPMA certified ?
Is that extra cushion thing for infants removable as baby starts to grow?
Do the wheels on the chair lock?
What is the overall width of the chair?
can this chair move around when baby's in
can you tell me the exact measurements of the box in inches? I 'll bring the box as regular baggage on the plane
Can I use this chair with my two month olds in the recline position?
It seems like my child will grow out of this sooner than other high chairs... has anyone had this problem? Or did you just transition to booster seat?
Does this high chair work with counter height?
How stable is this chair? I have a very wiggly little one and I'm worried the legs will wobble or the chair will tip.
One reviewer gave this one star because she claimed you had to remove 6 screws to clean it. Is that true?
Are the wheels plastic or rubber?
Does it include the base of car seat? Thanks.
Does the handle on the stroller move up and down? I'm 5'2" and my husband is 6'1". Will we both be able to use the stroller comfortably?
Will this stroller be good on average sidewalks/roads?
Where can I find a compatable base for this product so we can have one in each car?
Will the Snugride Classic Connect base work with this model? If not, which car seat bases are compatible? We need one for the second car.
what is the weight for stroller?
Can i do gate check this during my flight ?
Does it fit in Toyota Corolla LE?
What strollers does this seat work with?
How can I buy a second base for a second car?
Has anyone tried washing the cover? Is it possible to remove the whole cover to wash?
I'm a first time mom so I am very confused, will this be ok to use from day one? with an infant? thx
Can you remove the crotch strap for washing?
We live about 30 minutes from everything. Is this a comfortable seat for long car rides?
I have problems with childs head falling forward in current car seat when sleeping in a rear facing position, does it happen in this one?
Do you know how many reclining positions this car seat has?
When child gets to forward facing is it comfortable when they fall asleep? Is the reclining position good enough where their head won't fall forward?
Would a grandmother with arthritis in her hands have a hard time unbuckling the harness?
Is it possible to use the napper as the primary sleeper, or is it best to swap daily between the napper and the bassinet?
Does this come with a carry bag of some sort for travel? Would the napper and changer also collapse somehow for travel?
How long can the napper be used for a baby comfortably? Does the vibrations work well?
Does this one have the little nightlight on the electronic module?
Can the removable napper be used as a rocking seat by itself? Does it have the plastic legs to stand alone?
pls compare Napper to Station playard. is Station much larger? is Station suitable for older baby?
Are the napper and changer quickly removable without disassembling and assembling the whole system?
Ease of assembly
Could this be used as a bassinet for a newborn once napper and changing table are removed? The top section level?
Does this come with a power cord to plug into an outlet? The batteries last 3 hours, which does not seem like a long time.
Has anyone attempted to use this in a hatchback? We're trying to figure out if it will fit in our Toyota Prius.
The description for "Go Green" says the colors are grass green and chocolate brown, but the pictures look more like gray/black &amp; green. Which is it?
Does this car seat have a removable base? Or an additional one for purchase for another vehicle?
What is the weight/length limit to use this rear facing? My 24 mth twins are still happy facing rear and I would like to keep them that way.
Does anyone know the actual rear-facing height limit? All I keep finding is "head at least 1&Prime; from the top of headrest," but what is that in inches?
What is the expiration date?
i noticed that Size4Me 70 was recalled by Graco, how about this one?
Can a 2 month old, 12 lb baby fit securely and tightly in this?
is it hard to loosen the harness?
How easy is it to transfer this seat between vehicles? We can't really afford 2 seats right now. The baby would ride in the other car about 1/week.
You say, above that it has 3 zippers, but your only customer review, so far, says that it arrived with only one. What's up with that? Is the netting fine enough to keep out the even smaller insects like No See Ums, Midges?
Do you need a bed to set this up? Can you do it directly on the floor?
Is there a zipper that zips the bottom part of the flaps? Or is there only a zipper for the 2 flaps that runs down the middle from the top?
Are the sensor pads connected to each other? If so, how long is the cord between the two sensor pads?
Can you turn off the sensor and just use this as a sound monitor once baby is older?
Are two pads necessary? I'm on a budget &amp; not certain if I should buy the deluxe or the regular version of this monitor.
Does anyone use this with a dual-sided mattress (our mattress has an infant side &amp; toddler side) &amp; do you find that sensor sill works properly?
Can this be used in a Pack N Play? The underside of the mattress is hard plastic since the bottom isn't hard. Will it still be able to sense movement?
Is there any way to turn off the alarm on the nursery unit? I don't want false alarms to wake up my baby.
What is a "Dual Sided" mattress.We have a "dual firmness" mattress is that the same?Will it work with Moonlight Slumber Little Dreamer Dual Firmness?
Will the alarm go off only if neither pad is sensing movement? Will this eliminate the false alarms we get with one pad when he rolls off?
Do the movement sensors work well with a thin mattress (not standard mattress)?
Can you purchase and use additional sound monitors?
Does it play music?
Can you plug into wall
Can you use this with a newborn?
weight limit
Does the seat has different position?
is the headsupport removable
Hello I want to know if it is safe. For example what happen if someone have a similar device and sync my cameras with his/her device? Can they do?
Is it rechargeable?
What color are the electrical cords?
Does the video activate when there is movement, or is the video on all the time? I am thinking of it for someone with dementia who need monitoring.
Does this monitor have temperature sensor?
Has anyone tried two cameras in the same room? I am wondering if they will interfere with each other.
Can you mix and match [in view] and [wide view] cameras with the monitor...
How big of an an area or room would you estimate the camera covers? My 2 y.o. has a 12 x 13 foot room and I'm trying to decide between this or panning
Can you buy additional parent screens for this unit? If so, where?
does this fit a Bob Stroller SE?
I would like to use this with my Bag Boy golf push cart. It looks like it would work but would like opinions before I order it!
Would this fit on a bike trailer/double stroller? (I have the Instep Rocket)
Would this tip the stroller if full and used with the baby jogger GT? The stroller tips very easily with or without the baby in it.
Does this work well with the single City Mini GT? It looks like it might but wanted to see if anyone has experience.
I am trying to figure out if this will fit my McLaren Twin Triumph Stroller. It's in storage so I can't measure the distance between the handle bars.
Hi will this fit a combi side by side double stroller?
will this fit a chicco echo double umbrella stroller?
Will this fit a Urbini stroller?
Would this fit a UPPAbaby G-luxe stroller?
are the handles removeable?
How do you close the lid properly? I can't get it to "click"
Do you need to bite down on the straw to get the liquid?
Does anyone else have the issue having to suck really hard to get something through the straw?? Am I missing something??
What is in the weighted part of the straw? Zoli has metal, &amp; my dogs occasionally get ahold of the Zoli's &amp; I'm afraid they'll swallow the metal ball
Hello, I have a Kia Spectra (2006). Does it fit to my car? what size should I get?
Will it fit for my 2014 Toyota camry?
Is it safe to drive with on? Can the driver still see out the back window?
Hello, I have a 2015 RAV4, which size would be best
Hello, I have a Chevrolet Malibu (2013). What size should I get?
Hello, I have a 2012 Toyota Highlander. What size would I need?
I have a old model Jeep Grand Cherokee (2003). Does it fit to my car? what size should I get? Thanks.
Hello, I have a 2014 Honda CR-V. What size should I order?
Hi, I have a VW jetta. Will it fit over my driver's side window? I am driving in the sun all the time and cannot find a product that works! Thanks!
What size is each individual portion? (fluid ounces or ml). Trying to determine how food/liquid each section will hold. Thanks.
I have a 5 month old and plan to start feeding her some homemade baby food soon. Are these too big for babies? better for toddlers?
Is the tray itself made out of silicone? Soft enough to pop out frozen food from the bottom?
what is the best way to defrost the baby food?
Would these cubes fit in a baby bottle?
Would one serving from this fit into the OXO 4 oz storage container with the neon green lid, while it is still FROZEN?
Do these trays work for ice trays as well as baby food items
Product description says can be used as a mini muffin or cupcake mold. Does that mean the silicone tray can be put into a hot oven?
is it made in USA?
where are these made?
Is this essentially the same stroller as the Jeep Cherokee Sport stroller?
Does this umbrella fold, or just fold in half? Want a portable stroller.
I've noticed the back will not fully straighten out even if the most upright position and causes my dd to slouch. Anyone else or can I fix it?
Does this stroller fold with the child tray attached?
Is this stroller suitable for a newborn?
this stroller fully reclines for a newborn baby ? or from that old
what's the weight limit on this stroller?
How is this stroller for taller persons? My husband is 6' 1'' and has trouble with short strollers.
Would a 7-8 week old infant be able to use this?
Is it swivel wheels?
Does the buckle on this seat have to be lined up and then buckled or do they buckle separately?
does this care seat fit in the Envy 5 stroller zaira by baby trend
What material is the seat? I found anything polyester makes babies really sweaty.
Does this car seat have a knob in the back that allows you to adjust the shoulder straps up or down?
Does the Graco signature series snug ride 30 fit inThe Baby Trend sit stand ultra tandem stroller?
Does the car seat fit in the baby trend sit n stand ultra tandem stroller in phantom?
Does the car seat already come with a base?
Can you order new shoulder straps for the Baby Trend Infant Seat.
Does the cover come off to wash?
am i ordering one cup or does it come in a pack of a few?
I don't understand why you can't pick the color?????
How is this different from Wow sippy cups?
Could a 17 month old use this cup?
Does this cup come with a cover or do you have to buy the package of 3 covers for $4.99?
Is this listing for 6 cups? In the picture it shows 6 assorted colored cups.
Is the color you receive a surprise??? I don't see an option for color selection
Is this plastic?
Is it hard to clean under the silicone part of the lid? That's usually my complaint with sippy cups ... the valves are difficult to clean.
How many ounces is this cup?
Will this work with Chico carseats?
Can the back of the front seat adjust (incline, decline) for sleeping baby when you are not using the car seat any more?
Is this stroller compatible with the Chicco Keyfit 30 infant car seat? Will it fit in both the front and back? Thank you!
Will this work with a peg perego infant car seat?
Can the back canopy be on when you have the back seat set as the bench position?
Are there belt straps for the toddler/little kid in the back part to make them stay put when needed?
Will this work with the britax b safe infant seat?
How much does this stroller weigh?
Can your younger child sit in this stroller rear facing?
The rain canopy is coming with the stroller?
Is this stroller washable? Because I will like to purchase one in red color.. I need to make sure about this before to buy it.. thanks
Does it have a carrying strap attached to it?
Hello... It can be used for newborn baby? Thank you
does the backrest sit more straight up/upright, a lot of strollers the backrest is at an angle and kids always are fighting to sit up more straight.
Has anyone tried seating two kids at the same time, one in front and one in back? It seems theoretically possible, if not comfortable
Does anyone know the difference between this and the vue lite? Is it identical in features apart from bring lighter? It's unclear what's changed
Does this stroller have shock absorbers?
how is the basket on this stroller?
We'd like to go for walks this winter--and we may encounter snowy/icy sidewalks. How will this stroller hold up on that kind of terrain?
Will the stroller handles be too high for petite moms?
Is the charger 110v. or 220v.??
Does this product require the use of WiFi? Or will it work in areas without access to wireless internet? Thanks.
Will this work in a small, two-story house? Baby's room is directly below parent's room.
Is this a digital monitor or analog operating on a radio frequency?
I have a summer infant camera 02800 model from the infant slim and secure set. The monitor broke, Can I use the camera with this model?
Can the camera be mounted to the wall?
Will this monitor work with older (purchased 2 years ago) Summer Infant slim&amp;secure cameras?
Does this monitor run on a 2.4ghz frequency?
Can a monitor be sold separately? I see separate cameras but I need an extra monitor.
How is the range?
Can the bag stand up on its own? Thank you
what color is the inside of the largest bag? Is it a dark or light color?
how is this in comparison to any of the skip hop diaper bags that everyone raves about?
how does the material of this diaper bag feel?
hi does it comes with al 7 pieces?
Are the listed dimensions for the large bag correct? It appears to be greater than 2 inches deep in the photos.
Does it have a spot to monogram?
Does all the small purses/pouches fit in the bag?
How long are the straps?
Will this remotely pan and zoom from monitor? Does it have the two way talk feature?
Can you talk to the baby?
does this show room temperature?
Does it works with 110V or 220v?
Are the monitor functions always on or will it go to a sleep mode and turn on only to movement and sound?
Can I purchase an additional power cord?
can the camera be hung on a wall?
Is the monitor or the camera running on battery? Or both? Is there no option for plugging into an electrical outlet all the time?
Are there any issues with internet interference?
What is the quality of the image on the monitor? Is it clear?
Does this monitor have a room temp gauge?
I realize the monitor can use batteries for portability but does the video camera also have that option or does it require a power cord instead?
I have 2 babies, 2 separate bedrooms. If I purchase the 2 camera system, does it scan/display both rooms for sound/crying?
can i use my cell phone to view the camera?
Can you add a camera to this system? Up to how many cameras will it take?
When using 2 cameras and scan mode, is there a way to make it only scan only the two cameras that are plugged in? (not camera 3 &amp; 4 also)
Does anyone know the differences between this &amp; SEW-3037W? (other than # of cameras?) Hard to compare - this model is not listed on Samsung's site.
Has anyone else had a problem with the battery holding a charge? Can you replace the battery in the monitor? Our warranty was up June 25. :(
I can only get camera one to work. It keeps saying camera 2 is out of range, How can I get camera two to work?
The cameras and the monitor comes with A/C power supply for each of it, in the box?
Does this seat have the additional latch to attach top end to back of automobile seat
Is this good for my 5year old or is he to old
hello, can anyone tell me, if the harness is removable? and will this seat work with a lap belt ? thank you
How much padding does the seat have? Would it be comfortable for long road trips?
Does it convert into a backless booster car seat?
The picture shows the harness going up and over the top of the car seat. Is this one of the harness positions- couldn't find it in the book.
Is it available in all four characters
what is the weight recommendations for this seat?
Is the back removable so that just the bottom (seat) portion can be used as a booster when the child outgrows the head rest?
What is the max height for the child to be able to use the harness? does it turn to a belt positioning booster after a certain height/weight?
Does the Ergo 360 have a zippered pocket to store small items (cash, chapstick etc)
does it really transfer most of the weight to hips?
How plus size friendly is this carrier?
My baby is 2 months and weighs 13 pounds. Does he need the infant insert?
dose the 360 come with the infant insert?
Where is the ERGObaby made?
Why is the weight limit for the 360 33 pounds when the original has a limit of 45 pounds?
can you put the baby in and ergo on without assistance?
I have wide hips and skinner waist, does the velcro belt actually stay put. I hear it rides up and is uncomfortable.
Is the height of the back strap adjustable?
Can i fold and carry it in my bag for travel? How much does it weigh?
Why do other sites and/or Ebay have stock available but not Amazon?
How comfortable for this for a plus size mom that carries a lot of weight in the stomach area?
does this come wuth insert?
What is the maximum waist circumference this accommodates? (I can't believe that information is not listed on the ERGObaby site or here.)
Is the velcro around the waist frustrating when wanting to adjust and move around?
Ergobaby Performance vs. ErgoBaby 360?
I've heard some people say the velcro is quite loud... have you found this to be an issue in quiet places or that it wakes the baby??
I have the bjorn one does anyone have a comparison analysis between the Bjorn one and the Ergo 360?
Can I carry my baby through airport security checks with the Ergobaby?
How well do they stick to a lightly textured wall?
I cant get the white backing off....is there a trick to it??
Is this easy to remove?
How big are the letters?
Is each portion of the decal on a different line? I would like to spread out the words rather than it be in "paragraph" form...
Are the words a decent size? I would like to spread them across a long wall and surround it with picture frames. Thank you!
Does this work with the AVENT glass natural bottles?
Do you sell just the sealing rings?
What additional parts are needed to get these to work with a hygeia pump?
Does this work for the classic Avent bottles or only the natural?
Does this work with the Spectra 9+ bottles? I don't know if these bottles are the same size as the Avent.. :(
Is it made in china?
Does this work with the avent natural bottles?
How is this different from the other conversion kits? This one seems to have the sealing rings but is it otherwise the same as the one made by philips?
does it work in playtex bottle?
The description says that the blanket is 100% polyester. Is the waterproof backing also polyester? Is it coated in something that has a smell?
When will the product come in a different pattern?
Does the surface get hot or too warm out in the sun? And are the grommets (for the stakes) rust-free after repeated wash?
Does this pill easily? And if someone came out of the water and sat on this inside a tent floor, will the water seep through to the tent floor?
is it machine washable? washing instructions?
will this work with a round or elongated built in seat such as "Bemis/Mayfair 83SLOW NextStep Child/Adult Built-in Potty Seat with Slow Close"?
Do you make them without the decal? My sons already stand when urinating. I just want something that will help keep the back of the toilet seat dry.
Will this fit a child size toilet?
Does it come off so that you can wash it and then put it back in place?
Would this fit on the front of the toilet? My son sits when he pees and the urine often shoots between the seat and the toilet bowl.
Is this pump compatible with other bottles?
Does this pump take batteries?
I am having bcbsNE insurancee will it be covered
Since this starter kit is pretty vanilla, what other Medela accessories would you recommend getting? Thanks.
Can I use this directly out of the box or will I need the 9 volt Battery Pack and 8 rechargeable batteries in order to use this?
Is this pump compatible with Medela milk storage bags ? Can milk be pumped directly to storage bags instead of bottles?
How is it different from PIS Advanced backpack http://www.amazon.com/Medela-Style-Ad...
Does this need to be sterilized after every use, or can it be refrigerated or kept in a cooler until you get it home to sterilize?
I live in South America where the Power is 220, does this breastpump support our power or I'll need to buy an adapter?
Is this pump use battery or alternating current?
Is this the newest model? Newer than the Light 2?
Has anyone traveled on a plane with the crib? If yes, how did it work out? Also does the mattress fold up into the carrying case as well?
Amazon says the item weight is 1 pound. Is it truly that light?
Does the mattress seem firm enough for a newborn on this model? I read that the Travel Crib Light 2 might be unsafe for newborn due to soft mattress.
Hello, how high is this? In terms of from where the baby sleeps to the top. Thanks!
Does this item come with any sort of bassinet for a newborn?
Mine arrived with very minor scratches on 3 of the legs. One each of less than 1/2 inch long. Is this most likely from the way the legs fold in?
My baby rolls onto his tummy during the night. Is the mattress firm enough for him to sleep on his tummy safely?
Is it worth getting this vs the pack n play for the extra couple inches? My 2 year old is getting too big for the pnp.
Does in fit in a travel suitcase?
What brand are they? Are they high quality? How do they compare to bum genius? The price seems too good to be true, I need help..
How do you wash these diapers?
What kind of inserts are they?
Are they all in one sized?
Does this tray fit the 2013 model of the chair, or just the 2014 model?
Is this dishwasher safe?
Hello, is it compatible with the Chicco 360 chair ?
How do you get it to lay flat? Mine tilts up
Is the plastic BPA, PVC free?
Has anyone tried this tray with the 2012 Inglesina chair? I hear in these reviews that it doesn't fit *perfectly* with the 2013 chair so am curious.
Is this tray compatible with other hook on high chairs? Specifically a Regalo. http://www.amazon.com/Regalo-Diner-Po...
Is the plastic BPA, PVC, pthalates free?
is this treated with flame retardants?
Has anyone tried machine washing the cover?
does it really holds a 37 pound baby?
Is the carry bag convenient? I saw a review that said the thin string handle makes the bag pretty useless. Anyone try putting different straps on?
Our table is a kind of large farm table, theres a board under the table top making it a four and a half inch base, will this high chair work? Thanks!
will it fit on a table with an apron?
My table has a 4.5" lip, can the clamps go wide enough to get past it?
Can this chair be attached safely to a round table?
Will this work on a round table?
Can this chair safely be used on dining tables with a pedestal-style design, where the weight of the table is supported from the center?
How much depth do you need for the arms to the chair? I am looking at it for my kitchen island. Thanks.
This new 2014 version has an extra piece of fabric that wraps around the lateral tubing of the chair. Does food fall into the fabric and get trapped?
Does anybody have any experience washing these? Any advice?
Does it have a 5 point harness?
Does it work with glass tables?
What is the distance from where the clamp tightens underneath the table to the edge of the table? Thanks!
What are the differences between 2013 and 2014 model?
what is the thickest table it can go on?
I was wondering for what ages/weight these diapers are?
What materials are the outside covers and inside inserts made out of?
Are these single or double gusseted? (the scrunchy stretchy area in the thigh region)
How do I wash them?
What brand are these?
My diapers have started to smell almost like grass, and no matter what I do I can't get the smell out. Any suggestions?
do they have double gussets?
What detergent is best for these?
What are the inserts made of?
Because these are pocket diapers, does that mean the covers have to be washed after each use? I guess I thought the diaper went on top of the cover.
I have just bought these for a 1 month old and I can't get them to fit. The countless snaps are very confusing, and they are too "tall". Suggestions?
would these covers work with prefold cloth inserts in place of the microfiber inserts that they come with?
Can oxygen bleach be used to wash these?
Can you use fabric softener to wash these?
Where are these made?
What is the max height and weight to use the 5-point harness? Can you use it all the way up to 110lbs?
Can this seat be a rear facing seat? My son is 16 months and I don't want to forward face until 3 but would love a long term option seat.
Does this seat have to be attached to the special mounts in the car or can it be installed with a seatbelt? I need it to be easily removable.
Does anyone know if the sticky latch problem (that was recalled) has been fixed? Thanks!
Are the cup holders removable?
Can you fit three of these across in a mid-size car? How about side by side on airplane seats?
2 1/2 year old weighs almost 35 lbs, this says max weight for 5 Pt harness is 40 lbs, he seems way to young for a regular belt ?
Does this sit high enough to allow my 3' child to see out the window in an SUV? Cosco Scenera is too low and now looking for a booster.
What is the max weight for this car seat?
Do you have issues with child's head bobbing up and down while sleeping?
How long can the 5 pt harness be used? I'm looking for a 5 pt harness carseat that I can use with my 5 year old who is on the small side.
When the child becomes big enough for just the booster...does the upper/back part remove? And then it's just the bottom booster seat?
many reviews on weight but not height.My son is 2yrs, 38" tall, and only 30 #. will the 5 point harness fit him for long? is the lap buckle very low?
Can this be used rear facing?
does this seat come with the latch system
Can kids buckle themselves in and get out on their own? My daughter is almost 7 and 41 pounds.
Will this fit 3 across in a civic?
Is the seat part padded or is just fabric over the plastic?
what is the date if issue? Car seats are good only for 5 years from the day of issue . Thanx!
Is it compatible with strollers to make a travel system
Does anyone have experience using it RF in a plane? Our baby will be a year old when we fly. Would it be better to FF it on the plane?
what are the height requirements
Will this car seat fit rear facing in an Impala behind the drivers or passenger seats? We have twins, putting this seat in the middle isn't possible
Does this seat work like a 3-in-1, where it can become a booster for the older child?
Do you think this is suitable for newborn babies? It looks big and I'm concerned about lack of support for baby and lack of recline.
Is this product part of the Harness Buckle Recall? What is the Date of Manufacture for this item? Thanks
Does it recline?
what are the dimensions of this seat? will this seat fit in the back of a volvo C70?
How is the cushioning on the seat? I've been shopping in stores and a lot of the car seats cushioning is lacking in the less expensive car seats. Thanks!
How much weight does the harness straps hold up to?
Is the latch system on this carseat easy to install/adjust?
What color are the stripes? They look brown in some pictures, but pink in others. Wesley is so much cheaper than the other color options.
Will this seat work for a one year old? Need a seat for a visiting child.
Is this easy to use on a plane?
Does the car seat convert to backless booster?
is the headrest and back removable? Cupholders removable?
Does the headrest on this seat adjust up and down to accommodate the child's height?
My daughter's head falls forward if she goes to sleep. Anyone have a good trick or product to keep her head back or to the side?
Does this seat require any assembly beyond adjusting the harness height/postion?
How is the padding; sides, seat, headrest? I would like my grand-daughter to be comfortable.
How is this seat different from the Evenflo Chase, which is also a harnessed booster but costs slightly less?
When was this carseat manufactured?
Is the material machine washable?
is this carseat airplane safe.
Will this seat fit well in a compact car? I have a VW Rabbit/Golf.
will this go in a car that doesn't have the LATCH system??
When used as a booster is it easy enough for the child to buckle alone and is the part the shoulder belt runs through adjustable?
Is there any recline at all in the seat? Does your child's head slump forward when they fall asleep?
I need this one for my 9 Months old son weighing over 11kgs, will it be suitable for him?
I tall and how heavy can a child be for 5 point harness because my daughter is 9 with special needs and needs a harness
can i use the car seater in flight as 5 point harness ?this is FAA approved right?
current 5point rated for 40lbs is too small for my avg size 32lb toddler especially w/a winter coat. Is this one true to size? Will thick coat fit?
does this have a LATCH system
Does this transform into a backless booster?
What is the maximum harness height?
does it face forward
does this face back as well as front
Is it fit for VW Jetta MK.V ?
If the vehicle is in a car accident, should the seat be replaced?
Why have dimensions of the baby seat in this swing gotten so much smaller (30.3" x14.4" x 12.5" and older model's dimensions are ((34" x 34"x 42")?
In your experience how long do batteries last when used at full speed and with music?
What is the weight limit on this? I am not seeing it
Our motor has stopped working all of the sudden; has this happened to anyone else?
Does this swing have different recline positions or just one flat recline?
Does this arrive in the original box, or it it in a shipping box? Just wondering because I don't want a certain someone to see what is on the porch.
dose it work 220 V?
What size baby does this swing accommodate?
Does the "Smart Swing Technology" really work? Want a swing that actually swings when baby gets 15lbs+
I've seen a couple of different weight of this stroller, how heavy is still stroller? is it the 25lbs advertised at Baby R Us store or is it the 32lbs advertised online?
Is the Snapdragon color a true red, or more of a dark pink?
Can you buy a separate snack tray that will fit in the front for a child?
Does anyone have trouble making turns with this stroller. I got this one a week ago and took it to the mall today. It would not turn left!
Has anyone been able to find a weather or sun shield that fits well with this stroller?
Can this fit the Chico next fit seat?
Will this work for newborns up to 6 months as well if we put them in with the compatible carseat? Or is it only for 6 months on up?
Was the cupholder attachment red as well?
What is the diameter of the wheels?
Would this work as a carpet replacement so that my son can comfortably crawl if I placed this mat on wooden floors? Would it provide sufficient cushio
How do i carry it around,it comes with a carry case?
Is it water-proof?
does it has pattern on both side? same pattern as same as the picture?
is this washable?
What does opp+pe mean?
It says usually ships in 2 to 3 days but if we go to cart and place order, it say more than 15 business days. Please confirm shipping time with in US.
what size is this mat?
Can a dedicated monitor be added to this system?
Can I view the camera on my phone from across town? Or is it just within certain feet of the unit?
I read that it works as its own hot spot. is it true you don't need a wifi connection? If so, there must be some kind of monthly charge.
Can I bring this to a hotel and use their wi-fi for video monitoring?
What is the true weight of the camera it's self? other website say 136 grams and this site says 10.4 ounces.... that is a huge difference
How much does the camera itself way without the stand? i am thinking of useing it as a cheap alternative for fpv on my flying drones
From pics, it appears that if sitting on a flat surface, it can only be adjusted to point at the ceiling, not down - is this correct?
Can this be simultaneously viewed by one LOCAL connection and one remote? Or is it just one connection, period?
Can you download multiple apps for the same monitor? I have an android phone, but my parents have iphones..want to make sure everyone can use it
Is this weatherproof? Can it be outside?
Can you feed from the same bag over the course of a few days and refrigerate what is left? Otherwise it would seem like such a waste of the bags.
can you use the spoons on other pouches? like the Little Green Pouch, or store bought?
could you reuse the pouches if you wash them?
How long can you freeze the pouches for?
How do you clean the pouches?
What country is this product made in?
How are these different from the twist pouches?
What kind of plastic are the bags made of? and the components that touch the food or the baby? Thank you.
Would this come in handy even for babies that are BLW?
How many ounces does the Filler hold?
Does this work with the Baby Jogger strollers or does it block the "pull up" strap?
Is there a maximum weight recomendation? I would like to use it in my daughter's wheelchair.
Does this work for a stroller with a Bassinet or only for a toddler seat?
Is anyone able to help me to purchase this and ship to Singapore? Amazon does not ship this item to Singapore. Thank you.
Does it fit most infant car seats?
Is it made in China?
Can someone recommend a mattress or lining that would fit?
I have a 12 month old. Can this play yard tip over if they lean on the sides as they try to stand up?
can you remove the bottom fabric to wash it?
What is the best way to clean the flooring?
How wide are the support bars? Considering pipe insulation to pad them.
What are the dimensions once packed in the bag? Just curious if we can take as carry on in the airplane. Thanks!
Can two summer shades attach the portable playard?
We want to use this for our new Golden Retriever puppy. We are worreid about the liner if the puppy has an accident. Is it possible to remove the floor liner?
Just ordered this does anyone know the size of the top bars are? 1/2" 3/4" ??
Is there something to cover the floor to make it easy to clean. Will be using it for a dog that gets sick sometimes?
do you need a pillowcase for this pillow or is it supposed to be used without one?
What are the measurements of this pillow? Thanks.
Does the filling in the pillow cause heat? I bought an expensive organic toddler pillow for my toddler - and it makes his head sweat like crazy!
Do you sell a toddler pillow protector case? I ordered the angel baby a pillow case for it (400 thread count) but it's not the envelope style.
Do you make toddler pillows that are not as firm or thick as others? My son is very picky. :(
Can my 9 mon old baby start using this pillow safely and do they come with pillow case? If not, do you sell them as well?
My kids are 4 and 6 years old. would this be too small? description says its for 2 and up..
My 2yo still likes to sleep on his belly and the pillow seems a little too fluffy- does the pillow flatten out after a little bit? If so, how long?
I am looking for a "less fluff" softer pillow for my granddaughter, how do i go about ordering that kind?
Can this pillow be washed in hot water, or is it impervious to bed bugs, dander, dust mites? Thanks.
What's included in the box?
Will this work on my son at a place like Disney World?
What are the typical uses for this type child locator watch?
Can you set the alarm so it will start beeping after 50 feet away
To what distance does this tracking device work?
Does the child trAcker watch have any safety measures so the child can't remove it?
Does this watch have GPS?
Is it waterproof?
Does the child's bear make an alarm sound, or is it just the parent's receiver that sounds off an alarm?
Is it waterproof?
