What is the heat of this compared to the yellow and red curry?
Is there MSG in it?
what are the ingredients exactly in this product? Thanks!
How important is the expiraci&oacute;n date on this curry paste?
The product description says 14 oz., but the picture shows the 2 lb. 3 oz. version. Which is it? Thanks.
Why is the photo of the product for Red Curry, and they are selling Green Curry? Which will I get if I order this?
Why does this product come up first when doing a search for "organic food coloring?" I can find nothing here that says it's organic.
What are the ingredients in the SUPER RED food coloring?
Can you dye eggs?
Has anyone dyed Easter eggs using these?
Is this a paste or liquid?
Is the blue, a deep blue?
Would this product be strong enough to stain someone's teeth when mixed with coffee - obviously this is for a prank.
Can gel food coloring be used to color water in decorative bottles?
what size are the bottles?
Are they gluten free
It says - Uncle Sam Cereal 12X 10 Oz Uncle Sam Cereal - so you are getting 12 boxes each weighing 10 oz.
how many boxes are you getting?
is this just one box?
Ingredience Barly ? etc.
What are all the ingredients - in order, with the biggest ingredient named first.
What is the percentage of barley to chicory and rye in this product? I LOVE this stuff but want to know what I am drinking.
How far out is the expiration on the jars you received? I was thinking about ordering multi pack for someone but don't want it to get old first.
what are the carbs. per serving
are all ingredients non-GMO?
Is this just one bottle for $49.95?
Is there an expiration date shown on the bottle?
$24.95 for one bottle? It's ten bucks at Harris Teeter.
Where is the product produced?
Is there actual garlic in it, or is it extract only?
How many ounces does the pot hold? Is it 6 five ounce "cups" or eight ounce or something else? Can someone just tell me the total ounces the pot (not the cone) will hold without getting too close to spilling over. Thanks.
How many holes are in the cone?
What kind of filters do you use with this?
Can you control the strength of the coffee by adjusting the rate of flow? Or using more coffee grounds?
can it sit on burner to stay warm?
What's the total height of this thing, includes the dripper?
What are the dimensions of the carafe, excluding the handle? I am trying to find a replacement carafe with a 5 in or less diameter.
can this pot go on an electric stove to keep coffee hot ? is the glass pyrex ?
The water pours through way too fast, making very weak coffee. Should I use a finer grind, like espresso?
Can you use the cone to pour directly into your mug? IE, use the glass carafe to pour hot water into the cone that drips into your mug.
Are this color suitable for Vegetarian? Glycerin used in this color is plant based or Animal based
What are the dyes or pigments in the ingredients?
what are the colors that come in the package?
can i use this on any kind of food like macaroons or something ? or only frostings and cake ?
What color Wilton food coloring should I purchase for a light blue baby shower cakes's icing? I purchased sky blue and it came out teal color. Thanks!
Can you did store brought frosting with this if you purchased a vanilla or cream cheese favored frosting?
How long will these keep before drying out?
What is the expration date?
is it gell or liquid
where is it made?
will this work on ice cream cakes?
What are the ingredients? I am vegetarian.
Does the gel harden or it stays wet? wanna use it on cake pops.
is it easy to make it an opaque color by adding food coloring or does it stay a little translucent?
What is the nutrition information? I'm looking for carbohydrate information.
Do you think this would work for securing raspberries to buttercream frosting?
Do you have to use this seasoning with only ground meat, or can it be used as a marinade for the "traditional style" jerky?
ingredients
What is cure?
How many pounds of meat does each packet season?
What is sodium content?
After opening, how long will it last in the refrigerator?
is it gluten free?
Is this a product of USA or China?
I am in Afghanistan. It is possible to ship this product via FedEx for faster delivery? It is winter here and in the States.
does this product have to be refrigerated?
Cost over $35, why is there a shipping charge?
does the cheese come refrigerated?
Who is igourmet
difference between meat cure and pickling salt
Does this have an expiration date?
Does this have the pinkish color added?
I would like to make soppressata and capicola and was going to purchase Instacure #2 is this comparable?
How would I use Morton's tender cure for bacon? Will it replace the salt and sugar in a recipe?
Would you use this product to make pork pies?
Is this saltpeter?
How many cups do you get out of a 2 lb. bag?
Do you use the Mortons tender quick to add to sausage when you are makeing it and smoking it? How much would you use if you do?
with this salt we don't need instacure #2
Is the power indicater light suppose to come on when unit is plugged in or only when temperature goes below 38?
I plugged the thermostat into electrical box and the light did not glow. Does the light only come on when the thermostat is activated by temperature.
does the light say on
When does it turn off?
How wide is this thermostat? I have a box it has to fit in.
Is the thermostat located in the plug or in the cable as I would need to plug this in where it will never go below 38 degrees
The instructions say to turn the power to the cables off at 15 degrees to prevent the lines from freezing - does this do it?
Would the Easy Heat be suitable to control a heat pad in a dog house? When does it come on and when does it go off?
Can this be used wit a 440 heater?
Can I use this with a little space heater in a greenhouse (6'X4') to keep it from freezing at night when I'm starting plants in the winter?
I have followed all watering instructions, etc. But the leaves are falling off after arriving one month ago. Is this tree deciduous?
How long can it stay in shipping box? I purchased for Christmas(12 days from now). I don't want to hurt the tree but need to keep it hidden.
The pots in the picture look different. What are the dimensions of the pot? I want to make sure it fits on my tray/shelf.
Is it the real plant or plastic plant?
Is this the same as the indian ficus religiosa? (Pipal tree)
Could I use "Eve's Bonsai Humidity Drip Tray 8" x 10" with Pebbles" with this bonsai or is there a better size?
Yellow pod/orbs Are they eggs? Are they eggs?
Brussels has this tree in its catalog, with guarantee, but at a higher price. Anyone gotten theirs direct from Amazon &amp; did it survive the wherehouse?
Its really cold in NYC, so I have to keep it indoor. Is that ok? My room is generally kind hot? (any info. you may have before I buy)
Does this bonsai bloom and how often?
I bought one, how long before I have to repot it?
Whats the purpose of thick aluminum wire coming out of and into bottom of planter?
Can you drink this in a tea? and can i just prune to the style i would like?
what are the dimensions of the base?
hello I am thinking of buying this bonsai will it work indoor without sunlight . if not is there any bonsai tree that will
what size pot is it in?
size
where are these from and are they pasteurized? or steamed? are they treated with chemicals?
Are these almonds treated with PPO?
What is the unopened shelf life?
are these almonds nonpareils?
We need almonds in bulk, somewhere in Tucson, Arizona, other than Costco, about 500 lbs. Can you help?
Just to confirm: As the seller, you do not know whether these almonds are PPO pasteurized?
where are these almonds grown?
Are these almonds organic? The description on Amazon says Organic, but it doesn't seem that the package says it...
In what country are these almonds grown?
are these almonds cross contaminated with peanut products?
are these nuts unpasteurized
are they raw or pasteurized? I thought from Spain but someone said the website says Italy, which is it?
Is this product gluten-free/processed in a gluten-free facility?
Is this product gluten-free/processed in a gluten-free facility?
Does this come in a plastic or glass bottle?
What percentage of vitamins &amp; minerals are in this molasses?
How long does it take to reverse gray hair back to original color when taking Black Strap Molasses?
Are these seeds salted?
Are these sunflower seeds from China?
Are peanuts, tree nuts, soy, wheat, or dairy processed in the same facility as the raw, hulled sunflower seed kernals?
what is the expiration date on them? If I buy them now will they be good to use in Christmas items?
are the marshmallows white or multi color?
Hello, do they have gelatine in them?
Hi htere. What is the stainless stell mold for? what shape? picture? :) Thank you
How many servings are in a bag?
Are these kosher certified? If yes, by whom?
Storing long turm, have a foodsaver. Vacuum &amp; freeze?
Does the casing need to be removed before eating
Does it have NITRATES? What are the ingredients listed? Thanks in advance.
When you received this, how much time was left before it expired? What is the typical expiration time? Thanks
Does this get shipped with ice packs? Does it need to be refrigerated prior to opening? Thanks in advance!
Do you know what the servings are per bag?
Is this one bag or 4 bags?
How long does the cheese last before it expires, opened and un-opened?
Comes with the connecter thing? I have gold medal 5300 but no tube to connect it to the cheese bag does this cheese bag come with the conector to 5300
Do you need a Gold Medal dispenser? I have a Gehl's. I want to know if I can only use Gehl's
Is this jalapeno or aged cheddar?
Does anybody know if this cheese bag will fit the Gehl nacho machine?
is this maggi made in china or switzerland
Is this made in China?
Size of bottle: Any help here?
How long do these limes stay fresh? I want to use them in my gin &amp; tonics, so I wouldn't use 5 lbs too quickly! Will they last awhile in fridge?
Are these the key limes that are about 1 inch in circumference and turn yellow?
Are these Key Limes grown in the Florida Keys? If not, can you tell me where you get your limes? Thank you
Do you know about how many key limes comes in the 5 lb bag?
Are these actually key limes? Apparently key limes are supposed to be yellow when ripe.
How spicy is tajin? I can not imagine my kids wanting hot spice on their fruit. They love lime and salt but do not like spicy food yet.
Is this spice the same for all fruits, veggies, meats, etc? Do you have to buy the spice for each item?
how much sodium in a teaspoon of the product
sodium content?
Is it possible for you to list Tajin Habanero on Amazon? I'd like to order the Hanaero version and I cannot find it on this site. Thanks.
how much sodium?
Wher can i buy tajin
Popcorn
Does anyone know what the shelf life is for Tajin? I want to buy but don't know what the expiration date is.
do it come in lequid
Is it made from GMO corn?
Can I use instant masa to thicken chili or do I need to use "regular" masa?
is it pre-cooked Masa?
can you use this to make a gluten free pizza crust?
Is this product gluten free?
gmo or NON-gmo?
Is this 12 jars of 7.9 oz for $8.19 or one jar?
Title says "12 x 7.9oz". Does that mean 12 jars of 7.9oz or is that a misprint?
Is it gluten free
Is this conch meat from the caribbean, not off the coast of NC.
is the conch frozen one large block or is it divided
will you sell 1 pound of conch?
How many conch per 5lb box
how do I defrost conch?
what is the size of the bees?
are these made in the United States with Sugar from USA?
Are they in the container from the mfg. I need them to be in the container that shows they are kosher.
How soon to order in advance...will they get stail?
Do they need to be refigerated until put on the cake?
Are they kosher certified?
How do you prepare aroma rood ground coffee?
need the k-cups of Douwe Eberts.......where to buy?
Where to buy in local stores here in the states?
Is it available in Decaf
My newer Mr. Coffee Pot doesn't create that special, full-bodied taste. What am I doing wrong, or can do better?
Is this coffee already ground?
is it shade grown?
Is it oily bean? Is it ideal to be used in a super automatic espresso machine?
Why did you lower the bag size by 2 oz. From 16 to 14, and raise the price?
is this pesticide/herbecide free?
What is the shelf life of luster dust?
How do you open the container? I haven't gotten mine open yet!
is this edible
can I make silver fondant with this
what's the size of the bottle? The description says 8oz but on the picture it's 2oz.
Is this item alcohol free or does it contain alcohol?
what are the ingredients?
is it kosher for passover?
Hi, What is the difference with this product: Nielsen-Massey 32 oz. Madagascar Bourbon Pure Vanilla Extract. I would like to use in cakes and cookies
Does this have an expiration date? If yes, what date does your bottle have? Thanks!
Is there actual alcohol in the bourbon vanilla bean paste?
Why did they opt to put the larger size in plastic instead of glass? I really prefer glass as I worry about chemicals leached via plastic.
Is this in a glass or plastic bottle?
The first ingredients in this product are sugar and water -- this is basically a watered-down and sweetened vanilla extract. Why not buy extract?
I'm assuming that this is a squeeze bottle--please advise.
Is this product gluten free
how is this measured as opposed to extract?
For making Kahlua, what is the difference in using the vanilla bean versus the paste?
Is it really unsweetened? No other fruit juice sweeteners?
what for is cranberry good?
How do I check the expiry date since I'm buying online or it's just a risk that I have to take and hope it won't be an expired one. Thanks
What is the nutritional information for this?
Is this juice cold pressed and also not from concentratr
what is the expiry date of this product?
Is it fresh?
Were any rabbits harmed in the production of this product? If so, please describe in detail.
Not looking for the whole rabbit, do you sell just the feet?
Where can I buy just the head? It doesn't seem to be included...
For my pet: I was wondering, is there anyone who purchased this for their pet?
This is just disgusting: Why you'd want to eat a bunny corpse is beyond me.
Are these good for vegetarians?
Can these by motorized for remote control for the purpose of training race dogs?
Why Does It Cost So Much Money?
So gross: Who would buy meat online?
How many sheets?
Is there any msg or yeast extract? I'd love to see the ingredient list.
Whatistheamountofiodineinaserving
where is it produced?
How do you store the kelp?
Is this un-refined and does it smell like coconut oil?
how long should the coconut oil stay fresh once the jar is opened?
I've never used coconut oil, how is the consistency?
Is this coconut oil made from coconut meat or from copra?
Does the Hains Celestial Group Inc. perform any testing of their Spectrum Organic Virgin Coconut Oil for DDT contamination?
Is the metal lid of the container lined with bisphenol-A (BPA), bisphenol-S, (BPS) or phthalates to prevent it from rusting, if not what type of lining is used?
is this a glass jar?
Is this refined or unrefined?
is this from 100% grass fed and 100% grass finished animals?
I've heard that gelatin is good for arthritic joints. Is this the same gelatin for that usage, or is that something different?
Just what kind of ratio of gelatine to liquid do you need of this stuff for homemade "jello"? --Definitely at least double that of Knox!
What is the difference between BOVINE &amp; BEEF gelatin powder? Thanks
How do I dissolve this? In hot water or cold? I noticed I get clumps? Is there a proper way to do this as I'm trying to make Jello.
Can anyone please tell me of a GRASS FED, grain FREE, Kosher, Porcine FREE gelatin powder if possible ORGANIC. Thanks
Does Bernard Jensen gelatin need to be kept in the refrigerator after opened?
Is this the powder form?
How much protein is in a serving of this gelatin?
Has anyone tried making homemade marshmallows with this?
What's the difference with royal jelly and bee pollen? which is better?
is it good for skin
Does it need to be refrigerator? I heard royal jelly needs keep in the low temperture
Do you eat it or put it on your skin?
does it work on cellulite
Can you use it in teas?
where in orange county california health store can i buy royal jelly
The container of the product was broken before I opened it. What should I do now?
What is the expiration date?
does it contain ginseng and eleuthero
How much Iron does this contain in a serving?
Unsweetened ? Sugar added for flavor ? Why does it read unsweetened on the add ? Confusing.
does it come in glass jug...
Is this 100% black cherry or a blend?
Is this tart black cherry juice?
Would you please describe how is this product packed for shipping to minimize breakage?
is this unsweeten
from what state/country is the honey harvested?
Why it is to thick? Is everyone's like this? I basically need to put it in microwave every couple of days to make it more like a syrup than butter!
Why is this honey so much lighter in color than other raw honeys?
Is this good for applying to face for softer and acne free skin?
Is it easy to scoop the honey out with a teaspoon, or do you have to heat it first? Mostly want to use a small amount for my morning tea. Thanks
Is this 32 ounce size raw honey sold in a glass or plastic jar?
can children under ten eat raw honey
I used to buy "Really Raw Honey" brand and loved their taste. If anyone have tried both, would you recommend this over Really Raw Honey? Thanks.
What is the difference between standard packaging and frustration free?
can you use it on your face
Is the papaya extract in this product also non gmo and organic?
would this be probiotic?
Can I use this pollen to pollinate my flowering fruit trees?
Does it smell good?
Is papaya used in this bee pollen powder organic?
I am going to make canned blueberry pie filling using deep water canning. how much clear gel do you use per quart of blueberry pie filling?
how do you make raspberry jam with this
I opened a bag of clear jel (bought from a different source) and it smelled like perfumed soap. Is that normal?
How "clear" is Clear Jel? is there a picture showing the mixed product?
Can I use Clear Jel to thicken homemade blueberry syrup before canning instead of using regular cornstarch after opening the jar?
How many cups of this product (on average) does this 1 lb. bag hold?
Is Clear Gel the same as gelatin?
can i use this product to make a clear gel base for fresh fruit to be added to?
for instant puddings do you use regular or instant clear jel
Can it replace agar
Why can't I find this product on your website, and why is it so much cheaper than the rest?
Why does everyone keep insisting bsm has copper in it? I've never seen that on ANY brands nutritional label.
can you please let me know if this has copper in it? i'm wanting it for this to cover grey hair..
What is the country of origin and is this organic ?
what is the difference between "organic" and "processed" molasses ?
is molasses good to stop hair for graying
Is this a quart or 44 ounces?
What is the difference between "Malted Milk Powder" and "Barley Malt Powder?" (I'll use the malt for flavoring milk and ice cream.)
is it sugar free
Is this made from 6 row barley
What is the volume or the specific gravity of this malt powder? That is to say, what size jar will hold the pound of it?
Is this the malt for use in malted milk shakes?
I assume this is not a certified organic product, but is it basically organic?
Is it gluten free?
can you use this for brewing beer
Can you use this for brewing beer
Can you use this for brewing beer
is the sea weed from the Pacific; Japan or west coast of North America?
Is it gluten free
How much liquid will this thicken?
What is the expiration date on the product?
What is the nutritional info?
Is the solid transparent after heating and cooling?
Hi. Will Clear Jel change the flavor of what I add it to, maybe give it a starchy taste? Or is it flavorless? Thanks.
Can i use this to stabilize whipped cream ?
I don't know whether to use instant since my apple pie recipe calls for me to cook the apples before adding to the crust. My pies are always soupy!
Is this methylcellulose?
difference between instant and regular clear jel
I am in Guatemala and cannot find instant pudding mix. I can make my own no cook pudding mix with this gelatin, BUT can I use cornstarch?
Does this contain carbohydrates?
I am in Guatemala and cannot find instant pudding mix. I can make my own no cook pudding mix with this gelatin, is Knox gelatin the same?
Does this work the same way as knox
Can I use this to make my own hand sanitizer with isopropyl alcohol?
Do these have any kind of taste at all?
Can you grind these and make them a texture close to panko or breadcrumbs?
How does the dried compare to the hydrated product for use in recipes that call for hydrated product? For instance I cup dried = x cup moist?
What country of origin are these protein chunks from?
What is spelt flour
Are textured veggie protein and seitan the same thing?
We are strict vegetarians. Is this certified vegan or Kosher?
There must be a misprint below of calories per ounce- it says "3"??? Is this correct?
Why do these say from Barry Farms, but at check out come from somewhere else? Thus extra shipping.
Please provide all ingredients,Thanks
Can anyone comment on the taste of lobster vs fish base? I've the fish base and absolutely love it. Wondering if I need both. thank you.
What are the ingredients? Thanks much.
Has anyone made lobster bisque with this? How was it, if so? Are there lobster pieces in the base?
What is the expiration date?
what is country origin?
what is country origin?
how many ounces are in this jar?
What are the ingredients?
Can you put this on popcorn?
Approximately how many cups is in this 1lb bag? Thanks!
Nutritional Info
What are the ingredients?
how to make cheese sauce
I want to carry this to another country. It needs to be sealed. I can't tell if this is a sealed package or not by the picture.
Tangy, Sour taste: Doesn't anyone else taste that?
I've tried various powdered cheeses most are very salty. I'm not a salt eater at all. Is this salty?
Is this item gluten free?
How many jars are there in this shipment? Four?
How long can this product safely be stored after opening ?
should the top pop when opened?
Is this product a paste or granules, or something else?
I bought a jar of Chicken &amp; Beef, it had a seal on the outside, when I opened it, it was like it was already opened. It was real soupy. Is it okay?
how much sodium and sugar are in a bottle of this?
is the beef base gluten free
Is this product gluten free?
How many protions in the bottle, using 1 beef bouillion cube as an equivalent single portion?
is it gluten free
The desciption says this is a pack of 6 and the price listed is $9.23. Is this correct for the whole pack of 6?
Is the stock from cured ham
I want to make a "ham" gravy to go w/stuffed pork loin and mashed. Should I use chicken broth? Any ideas? (already bought base!)
What is the shelf life of the ham base?
Is it gluten free?
this is a 6 pack, not just 1 jar correct?
Is this powdered salt or fine granuals?I am looking for powder for peanuts and cashews in a jar.
does it contain msg
is the salt white or is it colored yellow?
The header reads "16oz." but the photo reads "24oz.",. What one is being shipped?
If I use this in place of buillion granules in a recipe, how much would I use say for 1 TBS of granules?
How long does this last in the fridge after opening?
is it gluten free?
What are the ingredients?
Is this gluten free?
How much water for 1 tblsp vegetable base?
If a recipe calls for 1 cube vegetable stock, how much Better than Bouillion should I use? Is the mushroom base as good as the vegetable base? Thank
do you have low sodium vegetable better than boulliom
Will this product remove all the fizz from my carbonated water like Truvia does? I'm hoping not. (I use a sodastream to carbonate my own water.)
Is there a difference between liquid and powder Stevia?
Country origin?
Why are the flavored ones cheaper?
Is this alcohol free?
Is there any residual alcohol in Stevia Clear? ( I can't read the label on the website).
Do you have to refrigerate after opening?
Plastic or glass?
what is the natural flavor? msg? what?
What does the "Natural Flavour" mean? It is in almost everything, even in organic products. What does it hide? .Thanks.
Do you have to mix anything in to vape with this?
can i put a drop or two in my 50/50 watermelon juice to sweeten it up a bit?
Can you vape with this?
How do you stretch it out so it's not so strong?
Does it have nicotine in it?
Is this an oil based or water based flavor?
Does it mix with water to flavor my hard cider?
Is this tabacco free?
Can I use this for vaporizer liquids?
can i use this for my home made chapstick? or is it too strong?
I LOVE Frontier products and am interested in purchasing the Yeast for baking purposes. Is the Frontier Nutritional Yeast Flakes for baking?
Is this product Gluten Free?
The product is currently $16.50, and is listed as a 1 lb product (16 oz), which would be $1.03/oz, not $0.76. Why is the stated cost per ounce so low?
Is this organic? Do you offer this product organic?
How long does this yeast last?
Does this yeast contain Vitamin B-12? How much?
Is it in a BPA-free container?
Does anyone know the country of origin? Thanks in advance.
what is the calcium content? please show a nutritional label.
Is this product fortifed with Vitamin B-12?
Does this product have folic acid listed in the ingredients?
Is it gluten free?
Is this vegan? thanks.
will it stick to air popped (no oil) popcorn. I use the Presto Poplite hot air popper.
Are the ingredients for this just salt, or is there anything else in it?
I've used a Stir-Crazy type popper with oil for years. Is there anyone out there using this method who mixes the salt in w/ the oil prior to popping?
Under ingredients Lactic Acid (Non-Dairy), how is Lactic Acid (Non-Dairy)?
Is this $7.66 for 3 of the 4 oz bottles?
can I make pesto with this?
does this need to be refrigerated?
How long is the product good for once opened?
Is the soy and rice ingredients organic or at least non-GMO?
what is the ingredients inside?
What's the shelf life of this product?
Is diastatic malt powder and malted barley flower used for the same reason? I purchased malted barley flower for a sweetner in baking bread, instead of diastatic malt powder, will it do the same job?
can you use this for making beer
If using diastatic malt powder for making bread, do you eliminate the sugar or honey used, or is the malt powder used in addition to the sweetener?
How is the ratio of use of this product for, let's say 4 cups of flour...??? How many teaspoons or tablespoons...???
If using diastatic malt powder for making bread, do you eliminate the sugar or honey used, or is the malt powder used in addition to the sweetener?
Can you use this to flavor chocolate milk?
Is this a substitute for malt syrup?
what is the diastatic power (&deg;Lintner)?
How much do I add if I want 4 cups of buttermilk?
what do you mix with powder
Is this organic buttermilk powder or from grass fed cows?
How much sodium per 100 grams dry?
Shelf Life? What is the shelf life of this product?
Can someone list what is added to the whole egg powder? I need to see any kind of preservative added. I see one question below who stated they would add a picture, but I didn't see a picture
Is it low in cholestrol?
Can you "hide" these eggs in other recipes (like Mac n Cheese, or smoothies) for a picky eater who needs protein?
Does this include egg shells? I need egg shell powder for dog food recipe.
what preservatives are in the powdered eggs?
what is the shelf life of the powdered eggs?
What is the sodium content of this product?
Amount to use? How much powder equals one egg?
how many servings per package
Is this product a dry seasoning or a paste?
How long does a jar last in the refrigerator after its been opened?
How does the flavor compared to Busha Brown's? Looking for a flavor profile and not a "this is way better" answer.
Ingredients: Would someone please type what it says?
Can you please list all of the ingredients? Thank you
Is there any dairy in these?
Are there any other ingredients in the product besides psyllium husks? (metamucil adds sucrose to their product)
is this sodium free
is this organic
Is this a fine powder?
Interested in buying but reviewer has negative comments about expiration. How do I make sure it will be fresh or do you recommend buying somewhere els
How is this yeast in a bread machine?
Do people like this brand better than the two other store brands?
does the yeast work in bread machines ?
what is the difference between the red and the gold/
MY eye are getting old. I'm a amature at bread making didn't see any water tempature on bag. Any recomrndiations?
Page says "Price: $6.89 ($6.89 / ounce)", picture shows 1lb (16 oz) bag. Which is correct? Thanks in advance.
What water temp should I use with SAF?
Is this the same as "rapid rise yeast"? I want to use it in no-knead recipes. Thank you!
Is this yeast gluten free?
100% egg whites or are there additional ingredients?
what has been your experience with expiration dates, ie, how far out is the expiration date from when you received the package?12 months?24 months?etc
How many egg whites does this contain?
Is this product organic?
How do mix this wHat are the measurements
Is there any salt added in these egg whites?
what is the preparation like? I would like to use them for camping, are they easily mixed with water and can be cooked in a small pot?
how much protien and sodium would be in a table spoon full? ty ;]
Is it fat free?
Is the Avidin in this product deactivated?
do these pods work in the Keurig
Why does the medium roast taste so badly? I got the deep roast and was impressed. I then ordered the medium roast and it is undrinkable! It tastes lik
Will these work in the Hamilton Beach units that take what appears to be the same flat round paper pods?
do these pods work in the Handpresso?
are there 18 x 4 = 72 pods in the whole container? or are there just 18 total pods?
Do the senseo pods work in Bunn My Caf&eacute;?
do they work in keurig
senseo coffee pods: whats happened to our senseo coffee pods we can't buy them anymore ?
How many ounces is each bar?
What is the sweetener?
How many calories to a bar?
I loved the taste of the dark chocolate &amp; cocoa nibs/ What is the % of natural cocoa for health benefits?
Is each cookie individually wraped?
How many cookies in the $20.00 pack ?
What is the expiration date on these?
Is it vegan?
What is the name of the sugar substitute used in this product?
howmuch sugar in each bar
How many carbs in each bar?
Amberlyn choclate - Sugar Free how many pieces are there on a box
is this bouillon cubes ?
what are the ingredients?
Do you sell in a smaller quanity, this seems a lot for an average home use
on the minor's beef base or au jus concentrate, how long can they be kept, I will just use this in my home for some smoking I am trying
Is Minor's beef base better than BV Beefer Upper?
If you order several different bases, do they adjust the shipping charges?
Is this shipped frozen? When I worked in the industry, it always came frozen, but that was on large trucks.
does it contain corn or wheat products or sweeteners?
On the picture for this oil the labelsays grilling oil, yet the 1/2 gal. size picture says just rice bran oil. Which is this?
How many ounces is the $16.00 glass bottle?
Where was the rice from which this oil was obtained grown?
is this brand of rice oil cold pressed?
Is rice bran oil an emulsifying conditioner? I need something that will act as one for my home made lotion...
is it hulless?
Was a bit shocked about the packaging. It was in zip lock bags?
What is the carb value of a 1 cup serving?
how many cups of hulled barley in l pound? Thank-you.
how many calories in hulled barley
Are these individually wrapped?
What is the shelf life of this product?
Is this the hard torrone or the soft torrone?
DO these have the Rice Paper
Is this product made in Italy?
Can you please post the list of ingredients?
How many sugars and carbs are in each piece of candy?
What are the dimensions of the individual mini boxes?
How many cups of cream of tartar are in 1 lb? I need 4 cups to make many batches of play dough for a party favor.
Does this have cornstarch in it?
How long is the shelf life of this product? Will it keep longer if stored in the refrigerator or freezer?
Is there any aluminum in this cream of tartar?
Is this legitimately Potassium bitartrate? I am not getting the solubility (in water) expected at 99 degrees C.
irradiated
How long opened before ungrinded peppercorns loses flavor?
Is it bad to store in a ziploc bag?
was this made in a gluten free facility?
is it tellicherry?
What is the origin?
where is this peppercorn from
In the product description, you say if you had to pick one flavor, the master spice would be a wise choice. What is "The master spice"?
is the pouch re-sealable, ziplock, etc?
I'm not familiar with whole peppercorns. Do I need to ground them before eating, or can I eat them whole?
What is the difference between this product and the one labeled "granules?"
Can I use this with my Keurig? (Assuming I use a reusable coffee filter)
Are these granules?
Do I need to refrigerate the bag after opening?
How long would one bag last with daily use?
Is it caffeine free?
Where is this chicory grown and processed? Does it have any additives?
Where is this grown?
I want to use this for its prebiotic soluble fiber benefit. Does anyone use it for that purpose? If so what quantity and probably not strained? Thanks
ingredients sticker picture?
can you ship this to uk
does this sauce come in a glass or a plastice bottle?
Does this one have the coffee/cappachino flavor?
what are the dimensions of the box?
what is the weight of this sapler?
Do it got the bean boozled flavors?
does it come with peanut butter flavor?
Are the concentrates sweetened at all?
Just curious if you know how many passion fruits it takes to get 30 oz. I'm trying to convince myself that it is okay to spend $105 on 3 bottles.
what is the volume of the package?
After thawing, how long does the puree stay fresh? I would not be using a big quanity with each use!
Does anyone here know (from a reliable source) if this concentrate is made from the purple skinned passion fruits or the yellow maracuja?
how large is the jar/oz.???
Does this really cost $70 to ship? Wowza!
Where is the passion fruit harvested from and where is it processed?
Is there any nutrition labeling on the product ? I want to serve this to a diabetic and need to know the number of carbohydrates in a tablespoon (or cup).
Is there any nutrition labeling on the product
How does one store these when not sprouting them? Thanks
How does one keep the sprouts from them from getting entangled into the wires of the strainer? Are they large enough so this is not an issue?
how many pound of sprouts does this one pound dry beans yeild? thanks
What is the country of origin for these organic mung beans?
How is this product packaged? Is it air-tight?
Can you tell me the nutritional info? Thanks
Are they certified organic?
Todd's 1 pound of broccoli seeds has a shipping weight of 7.2 ounces. Is this price actually for 1 pound?
Is this NON GMO seed?
What are the instructions for sprouting? Would I need a germination station or something fancy?
Are these broccoli seeds the same strain as the ones tested by John's Hopkins and Dr. Talalay? if not, do you have his strain, in the organic variety
Are they certified organic?
How many oz in these jars?
What is the expiration date? I have a wedding Oct.25th, Would love to give these as gifts. If I buy now, will they be expired by Oct 2014?
What are the dimensions of the jar (height x width)? I wanted to put a customized label over the original for a party favor.
I want to buy a case of Lakerol sugarfree licorice pastilles, but I don't see any on your website that matches. My box doesn't say anything about them containing menthol. Mine has a note that reads, "Sweetened from STEVIA plant." Is this the same as...
I just bought a case of Lakerol licorice pastelles and I love them. What other flavors do you recommend?
nutritional value
Is this a coarse sugar that could be used to keep a cake board from sticking to the tier below?
Is it pure sugar, or does it include other substances?
Are these in crystal or flake form?
I am looking for a product to give a glistening effect around a "FROZEN " themed edible image, would this work sprinkled onto buttercream frosting?
Would this be too coarse for fondant snowflakes?
are there any peanut or tree nut allergy warnings on the packages?
Is this what I need to top pastries and it won't dissolve in the heat of the oven? How is it different from sanding sugar?
is this product manufactured in a nut free facility?
Is this USA grown or an import from somewhere? Is it from China?
I'm looking for glutinous flour and when I search this flour comes up. Is this flour the same thing? And is it GMO? Thanks
Is it white rice or brown rice
is this organic?
Is the rice GMO?
Are there added preservatives?
Can I use this flour to make pasta with my pasta machine?
Is this processed in a tree nut and peanut free facility?
If a GF recipe calls for brown (or white) rice flour, can I substitute Authentic Foods GF Brown Rice Flour Superfine? Will it make any difference?
where is the rice grown?
How many cups can you get from this size bag?
How many do you get for $19.95?
Are these seriously just six candy bars? Like, over $5 per bar after shipping?
How long do they take to ship if you live in North Carolina?
What are the ingredients please?
What are the ounces and grams per candy bar?
. pattersons
Is a USA product?
Is sorghum really millet?
Is this the 3lb bag or 25lb? Title says 3, but the description and the price per oz calculation are based on 25#.
Is this product nuts free?
Is this flour less starch not to break down in as much sugar
is this flour organic?
Does this sauce contain garlic?
Is this sauce gluten free?
What is the list of ingredients?
Does this have any corn syrup or corn products?
How many Carbs?
What is is sweetened with?
Do they contain animal gelatin?
Are they gluten free?
How large are the pills?
How many milligrams of peppermint oil in each pill?
Did it reduce intestinal gas?
I had milka last month in Frankfurt, bought more on Amazon and not nearly as good. Not rich or creamy are there different types of regular plain??
Why is this called "milk chocolate _confection_"? Is it the same formulation as in Europe?
Where is the chocolate made (US or Europe)?
What are the ingredients in this chocolate?
How long does it usually take for it to start repelling fleas?
Does this help prevent ticks?
Do you really have to give them 1 pill for every 10 pounds? I have a 2 90 pound dogs so thats a lot of pills in one day?
Is it made in the u.s.
Are these Flavored? My small dog is so picky about food. San Diego has the worst Flea problems, I've found
I have one dog and one cat. They have been taking these tablets for 7 days. Their coats look healthier but we still have fleas. How long does it take to be rid of the fleas?
does it add weight to the dog
I thought garlic was bad for dogs?
Really need a pic of the rear label on all this stuff. What mg. brewers yeast/garlic each tab?
How much sugar does it have?
I am getting conflicting info in the Q &amp; A. Does this product contain any milk?
What are the nutrients and ingredients? Caloric break down?
what is the sugar content
How many servings are in the container?
is this product gluten free? i am looking for a gluten free spiruteen product
Is this vegan?
has anyone lost weight
how fresh are these can versus the ones found in stores?
Why isn't nutritional content, ingredients and number of servings listed for these products?
Can you put this into a cup of brewed coffee, or does the chicory itself need to be prepared first?
is this naturally 100% caffeine free
Can you use this in a "pour over" coffee cone type of brewer? Like a one cup Melitta?
Is this product irradiated? Proof?
Is this in instant form or you have to discard coffee grounds after brewing?
Is this acid free or low acid?
Is it gluten-free?
is this in powder form or is in granules? we are looking for small granules not ground fine. Thanks
How to cook amaranth?
Pretty Please, What Does Amaranth Taste Like, AND Is It For Breakfast Like Oatmeal, OR Cooked At Dinner Like Rice? THANKS
Is this gluten free, or does it say it was "processed in a facility that also processes wheat" or some statement like that?
Before Buying the millet, I would like ask what is the BEST BY date. since I had the bad experience got a product with the BEST by date is experied.
I would like to know if this can be cooked in a rice cooker?
Is your product sproutable &amp; if so what is the process?
Is this GMO free???? Thanks
Do they sprout ?
RECIPES? I would appreciate some recommendations. I have seen lots of complicated ones, but am looking for favorite practical ways of using it. TY!
can i make amaranth flour with this? tks!
this tea bag, does it's sugars and carb content say 0g? everyone has commented on the cinnamon taste/smell, is there any citrus taste/smell observed?
How are the individual tea bags packaged?
How does Marketspice cinnamon-orange compare to Bigelow's Constant comment?
Is this really being distributed by MarketSpice in Seattle/Pike Place? If so, why are you charging nearly double via Amazon as you do on the website?
Are these tea bags
Does this tea have caffeine?
Does this taste like chai?
What type (as in country of origin) of cinnamon is the one used in this tea? Thanks.
Why can't Amazon carry the loose leaf cardamon cinnamon???
Is this produst just for frappes or can you make just regular coffee?
Has anyone compared Greek Nescafe's flavor (plain) to Nescafe Clasico? Just wondering if they're similar, or if one is more acidic than the other. THX
your price is listed as $114.34.... per 7 oz (!?)
decaf?
Does it contain msg
Is this the sauce that comes in cubes or is it the one that is already liquidy and comes in a pouch?
what are the ingredients? i am looking for gluten-free and definitely no msg!
Distribution in USA: Can your Golden Curry products be obtained in some of the chain food markets?
What are the ingredients?
How much sodium in a serving?
Where is this made? USA? China? Japan?
Does this need to be refrigerated?
any recipes for aoba noodle soup using this base? ratio of base (?) and add to (?)
Does this contain any hot peppers or any sort of chili? I'm not able to handle the hot spices anymore.
Where are the seeds from?
You have this listed as $0.57 / Pound. You are incorrect. At the price you are selling them they are $0.57 / ounce.
Are the seeds nut free?
Country of Origin? Are they gmo free? Any other ingredients like oil?
Expiration date?
A lot of MREs come with heating thingy -- does this one?
Do they come in the plastic packaging, or in this cardboard that is shown? The carboard usually comes inside a plastic package does it not?
Is this one packet or is it 18 packets?
Does this come with the spoon/napkin/salt and pepper packets?
Are the mushrooms from China?
I purchased these mushrooms in January, 2014. I have kept them in air tight glass containers for 8 months.How long will this product to last?
Does this contain only Boletus edulus, or does it contain other species (varieties), as well?
what is the origin of the product?
I am concerned about the worms. Do they still show up with the mushrooms as described in the reviews?
How much sodium is in a single serving?
how many carbs per serving
Is this price for just 1 -10 oz bag
Does this have an OU or other kosher certification?
country of origin?
What are the ingredients? Does this contain gluten, soy, coloring, etc?
Ingredient Question: Does this extract contain alcohol?
How much extract is required to make a strong maple syrup? What is a recommended recipe? Would like to use in a Maple Bacon Cure.
What is the shelf life after opening? (Is refrigeration required?)
Does this have an OU or other kosher certification?
country of origin?
What are the ingredients? Does this contain gluten, soy, coloring, etc?
Ingredient Question: Does this extract contain alcohol?
How much extract is required to make a strong maple syrup? What is a recommended recipe? Would like to use in a Maple Bacon Cure.
What is the shelf life after opening? (Is refrigeration required?)
Would this work for hard candy like a jolly rancher?
What are the exact ingredients? Is it simply cinnamon bark oil, or is it in another oil base or alcohol? Thank you.
Is this product good to use to scent pinecones?
Will this disperse into alcohol?
Is this real cinnamon oil, or is it cassia oil? I am using this for herbal medicine and it needs to be real cinnamon
From which Cinnamon Plant is this made? Ceylon, Saigon, or Chinese? Thanks - makes all the difference in the world!
Can this be used as natural deterrent for ants?
Could this be used on the skin? Like in body butter?
Is it harmful to the skin?
What country does the cinnamon come from?
Would this work for hard candy like a jolly rancher?
What are the exact ingredients? Is it simply cinnamon bark oil, or is it in another oil base or alcohol? Thank you.
Is this product good to use to scent pinecones?
Will this disperse into alcohol?
Is this real cinnamon oil, or is it cassia oil? I am using this for herbal medicine and it needs to be real cinnamon
From which Cinnamon Plant is this made? Ceylon, Saigon, or Chinese? Thanks - makes all the difference in the world!
Can this be used as natural deterrent for ants?
Could this be used on the skin? Like in body butter?
Is it harmful to the skin?
What country does the cinnamon come from?
Is the bottle glass or plastic?
Do you ship this sauce overseas?
Is this sauce an alternative to chinese chili bean paste?
What are the ingredients in it?
Thank you for all of yours answers. No need to respond further.
what quantity equals regular real vanilla in baking
What is the difference in the dark vanilla and the clear vanilla?
does it contain any alcohol or sugar?
Is this vanilla glutin-free? I love it, but am not sure and need to make gluten-free cookies for my friend.
Whats the difference between this and pure Mexican Vanilla? See Below
Is it gluten free?
The listing states "5 lb (Pack of 6)" and a price of $0.05/oz, that works out to 30 lbs of peas. Is this correct or is the listing in error?
Are they just slightly spicy, or very hot to the point where they will almost take your breath away?
What are the ingredients on the bag, please?
Is it gluten free??
I had about 2 cups of the peas and the second day I couldn't taste sweetness and saltness. It's been like this for 3 days. I don't know what happened.
Is there any sugar or wheat in the ingredients?
Is there an ingredient list anywhere? I can't seem to find one on-line. Thanks!
What country are these made in?
isn't there free shipping on orders over $35? I am not getting that option at checkout.
Is this is grapeseed oil I can use on my skin? Thanks!
How do you open this can? And How do you know the expiration date? Thanks!
I need to know if this is cold pressed or chemically processed as has been asked below. Does anyone know yet?
How is this oil processed? Is it expressed or are chemicals used?
DO NOT want to support France products, where is this oil from?? Thanks
If I spill it, can I cry?
I've never tasted milk from a whole before, and certainly not from a Tuscan Whole. How is it with chocolate chip cookies?
Isn't milk highly perishable? Is this irradiated and shipped warm? Does it really hold up? This stuff won't kill me outright will it?
I see that they sell "Used &amp; New from: $45.00" - How can they sell "Used" Milk? Used as a car wax? Used as a paint thinner, or... something else?
Is there a non-dairy version of Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz?
Hey, what happened to the Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128fl oz reviews?
Does it come in a can? Does it taste good with Ham? Does Tuscan make Jam? Sam, I am.
How do you milk a Tuscan?
I don't get it. Why is the price of 1 gallon milk 75 dollars ? i mean, isn't it a bit too high ?
I see in the description this is "while milk". While what? That's my question.
do you ship to japan?
What ingredients make up this product? Does it have gluten?
Where is this imported from? I am looking for masa from Mexico since it is GMO free.
This product is sold en the supermarket and bodega for less than $3.00. Way are you overcharging it?
Hello, do you ship to Mexico through USPS?
It says gluten free in the description, but the ingredients list on this page says it has organic wheat. How can that be? Thanks
is this gluten free?
How much sodium is there in a tablespoon or teaspoon?
Are these products from Passover 2014? Thanks.
Need to know if there is any Canola Oil as part of the ingredients
Are they salted
Is Streit's Passover Matzo salteds
What is the sodium content?
ingredients
It says that there are 6 x 1.76 oz jars. Is this correct? That there are 6 jars for $8.19 plus shipping and handling?
Is this container made of plastic or glass?
Where is this garlic grown and processed? Thanks!
Where is this garlic grown and processed? Thanks!
can an vegan eat this product
This is what I do....before it's mixed it has about half a cup of oil on top. I pour off about half of that, then mix it. It's a little gritty, but it reduces the calories by at least half. Am I throwing away nutrient value, except fat?
Price? Is this two jars?
Contained in glass jrs? Or in plastic crap? Also what is a typical "use by" date on out going products, max and min? TY!
Do you have this in crunchy? What is the content of saturated fats?
How much sodium is in the Morton lite salt?
Does this contain iodine? Thank you.
Does this contain potassium? If so how much?
can someone tell me what it actually tastes like? some say bad some good some cant say. is it sulfer tasting like black salt?
How many 12 oz bottles are in 1 pack? The photo would indicate 6, but there is no information that says that is the case.
does it need to be refrigated after opening?
In just about any grocery store in the south, you can buy a 12 oz bottle of crystal hot sauce for less than two dollars. This seller wants $9.70?
Can u Delivery to indonesia?
How many 12 oz bottles are in a pack? the description doesnt specify. for $11.99, I assume there is more than 1 bottle,andthe picture shows 6.
How many 12 oz bottles are there in "1 Pack"?
Is there SOY in this product?
what are the ingredients, as listed on the label?
Does this product contain MSG?
Do you get six containers of 25 cubes with this order?
Is this price for one can? I can get a can for about $6.
how many cans do I get for this price?
Is this for 4 16 oz cans? Does not say and $28+ is way too expensive for one.
Does this product contain saturated fat? What is the sugar content?
Is this the price for one can or four? I've ordered 4 cans for this price in the past.
Does any know what is the lining of these containers? BPA free doesn't necessarily mean it's better.
what is the sugar and salt content of pomi boxed tomatoes
Is this product organic?
gluten-free?
what is the shelf life of these?
I am wanting to use these in a homemade salsa recipe (no cooking involved) - Would these be good to use?
What about BPA or BPS in these containers?
Are these chopped tomato raw or have they been processed in some way. I only eat raw food.
I love these tomatoes However, I am curious how these tomatoes can have the shelf life that they do without any kind of preservative?
My mom cannot eat seeds. Are these tomatoes seedless?
Is this made in USA?
Expiration date? and Country of manufacture?
is it from GMO bean or Non-GMO
is this caffeinated?
How similar is the taste to lemon brisk?
Why has the price of this product jumped so dramatically in the last few days? Shocking!
Does this iced tea contain any artificial coloring, esp red food dye?
I wanted to confirm that this is the Natural Lemon? The picture is regular Lemon?
If I buy more than one unit of NuStevia, will I get a lower combined shipping rate?
Hello, can anyone tell me when the formula changed? The container I bought in April tasted OK.
Where is this new formula manufactured? China?
Hi there...interested in your Nustevia...needed to know the exact expiration of the product you have in stock...I am looking for the batch that expire
What's difference between "Genova Tonno Olive Oil, 24 5oz cans for 64.59" &amp; "Genova Tonno, Solid Light Tuna, 24 5oz cans for 43.25"? Significant diff?
I have been advised not to buy any fish from China, Vietnam, etc. because of their unsanitary feeding practices. Does this apply to the tonno genoa t
Mercury level?
Is this premium yellowfin tuna?
What are the ratios (tea powder : water) to make the tea?
Is this powder or capsules?
For how long I can store the tea in the refrigerator?
What are the exact ingredients and their quantities in this product?
Is the lime $9.00 for 24 cans? Don't want to order and end up with an 8 pack for that. Won't be happy. Thanks.
what is the shelf life
Artificial sweetners?
Will this be a good mixer for vodka
Is this the Vital Wheat I need to make fake meat?
Is this considered organic? If not does anyone know of an organic brand? Thanks~
Does wheat gluten have an expiration date?
is this product "non-GMO?"
I make my own noodles with wheat flour. Can you use it to add to the flour for noodles?
Is this made in a nuts-free environment?
Is this butter from grass-fed cows?
Is this salted?
Is this available in unsalted?
Do you know this butter is not organic?
This is a glass bottle, yes?
does the bottle have the Cleary's maple leaf glued to the bottle? The one I bought in Canada has it; that is my maiden name, so that is important for family gift giving. thank you!
Would someone be able to tell me if this is Grade B maple syrup?
how does the sodium content compare with soy sauce?
What is the recommended shelf life after opening? Best to store at room temperature or refrigeration?
Why is Bragg Liquid Aminos healthier than soy sauce?
Are there any mainstream sources outside the fitness and vegetarian communities that rates this product's safety?
What is the sodium content per teaspoon
Is this product gmo free?
Does anyone use Bragg's Liquid Aminos for hair conditioning?
Do you ship to APO addressess?
protein
Where are these sourced? Made in the USA? What state is the company from?
Can the freeze dried blueberries be used for baking bread or muffin?
What do you use the FD blueberries in? Any suggestions or recipe is appreciated.
I opened the can and it was only one third full - is this normal?
How do you use these for cooking (not baking) -- just add water and whisk before putting in the pan?
Is the 2.25 pound can a #10 can?
Hi, I was wondering if this can be used for Meringues? Does it taste the same as real/fresh egg whites?
I want to know why it cost $45.99 w/ prime and another link for the same product is $19.29 + $4.99 shipping from Honeyville Farms?
Why are powdered egg white suddenly twice as much money. I have bought them from Honeyville Food Products for many years for half the price.
Is the Avidin in this dried egg white product deactivated?
Can you mix this with hot soup?
Is there a manufacturing date somewhere, somehow on the package? What are the ingredients?
can you make scrambled eggs with it?
What is the nutritional information for this product? Other similar products show the nutritional label.
What is protein amount ?
Do these contain soy?
what is the expiration date on these?
Does this product come with a oxygen absorber packet?
has anyone tried making french macarons with this? does it work?
What do they have for a shelf life?
Has anybody used these reconstituted eggs in a Hamilton Beach breakfast sandwich maker? Does it work?
Is the taste the same or similar to that of a normal egg?
What is up with the massive price increase? Up from $39.00 to 54.99! That is outrageous!!!!
Does this item really need to be refrigerated? Is that before opening or after? I've had other varieties that didn't require refrigeration....
Is this product non-GMO verified
organic?
it says it is certified kosher, what type of kosher certification does it have?
Does the bag mention any allergy warnings? Is it peanut-free?
I've bought two bags of almond flour and with both bags I've had issues of them properly zipping back up. Am I missing something?
Can I mix with milk and drink directly?
Are the almonds sprayed at all? I've read that almonds are one of the most highly sprayed foods, so I try to only eat organic/unsprayed. Thanks!
Can this item be shipped to Madrid, Spain?
How much vital wheat gluten should be added to a 2lb loaf? Or what is the ratio of VWG to flour for making a tasty loaf of bread? Thank you!
How long is the product good for, once it is opened?
Oops, my Mom gave me wheat gluten I thought it was just great flour I used it in my receipts@ do I need to just toss banana bread?
My bread comes out clumped/underbaked in the center. What am I doing wrong with the proportions? What are the results of under/over using VWG please?
Is this a #10 can? thx
How many cups of vital wheat gluten are in a 3.5 pound can?
My Recipe for Bread has Shortening and Baking Powder already, could i use Vital Wheat Gluten combine w/ Dough Conditioner? Pls. help me, Thanks to all
What is the difference in Vital Wheat Gluten and the Vital Wheat Conditioner?
Is this from organic wheat / or Non GMO / GE wheat?
is it adm product PRO-FAM 825
what's the serving size and how much protein is contained in each serving?
can this powder be used in bread dough? In pasta dough? if so, would this product produce any notiIceable flavor in breads and pasta?
Where is the soy grown?
How does this mix with a good shake in the shaker (without using a blender)?
how much protein per serving? What is a serving?
Is this isolate water extracted or sodium extracted?
how well does it mix?
What is cholesterol grams and daily % per serving? thanks!!
What is a good, specific resource for Oat Fiber recipes?
Can I use oat fiber to bread chicken for chicken parmesan? The recipe calls for bread crumbs. Can I just replace with oat fiber at a 1:1 ratio?
is oat fiber gluten free?
How much fiber per tablespoon?
What do you use Oat Fiber for?
Label indicates 5 calories per serving. How is that possible with 26g carbs? 26g x 4 calories/g cannot equal 5 calories. Thanks.
Please confirm how much is per serving? The label does not indicate this. Thanks,
how many carbs per serving
I am drinking this for health purposes and not flavor. Is "Universal quality" good enough or should I get "Ceremonial"?
what is expiration date please (bottom of can)? thanks
Is this Maeda-en's Universal Quality? It doesn't say so on the item pictured.
Where is this tea grown? Where is it processed? From which country (countries) please!? :-)
Is this the recent 2014 blend?
What is the expiration date on this bag of coffee?
how many bags is this?
Does it contains oxidized cholesterol?
No indication that this is a group of 12 oz bags. Is this really $103 for 12 oz?
How do you justify $103.00 for a bag of dry milk? That is outrageous.
How do I store this?
Expiration Date?
It is just one bag or a pack of 4?
Looking at the nutritional content label, can you tell me what the serving size is and the sodium content per serving?
I see that they are prebaked... will they withstand baking a tartlet in them?
are they gluten free?
How deep are they, i.e. how high? Trying to figure out how much filling can go in.
how many in the package?
Is this product kosher pareve?
How many in a package for 60 dollars?
How many shells in a case?
I really dont need that many shells immediately. Shelf life?
Do they still contain aspartame?
What is the size (oz) of this product?
can anyone compare Lakersol's to Grether's: Black Currant Pastilles
is it organic/non-GMO?
Is this first clear flour?
Somehow I thought that this flour was organic ? It doesn't say so on the bag...
Hi -is this AP flour unbromated? thanks
is the flour for white bread as I am unable to eat brown bread
What is the protein content? Is it high or below 10%
Please tell me if it is 100% wheat and contains no barley or other grain additions? Please provide only answers from label information. Appreciated.
percentage protein?
can this be used to make seitan?
Is this a white or wheat flour?
What's the calories per serving? What is the serving size?
I wood like to se.the ingredient please
You dont need to add vita; wheat gluten to this flour when making bread do you? Also is this bread flour or all purpose flour?
How long will it keep in a cool closet?
What are the carbohydrates, and fiber per serving for this flour?
Can you tell me if this is actual "vital wheat gluten" flour or is it a blend of regular flour with gluten added?
do you ship to france
Is this GMO free?
maximum shelf live?
Is this rice organic ?
Any idea where the rice was grown?
are these a chewy candy or a hard candy? I grew up with them, but just cant remember...
Are these the larger ones or regular sized? Thanks!
Can you give an estimate as to the number of individually wrapped candies?
Are these Kosher and marked as Kosher?
is there any way to find out what the expiration date is before ordering? I'm trying to order these for a wedding in September.
how many caramels are?
are they gluten free
yes are these sugar free caramels
how many pieces per pound? Many recipes don't say so many ozs or pounds...they say 40 pieces of carmel candy....how many pieces are in a pound of these candies?
How many calories for each caramel piece?
How many cups do you think this would be?
Old-Fashioned Caramels??? Anyone know what I am talking about?
Are the green ones sour apple?
Hi, I plan to fill up jars of this candy and use as centerpiece for my son's bday party (outside in the sun). Will this candy melt?
what is the shelf life of these fruit sours?
Thanks, can you please tell me the cost of shipping to the UK?
Hi, Do you ship to the UK?
do these candies have a sugar sour coating followed by vanella jelly bean inside?
are these the same as the judson atkinson fruit sours?
Is anyone able to measure the diameter of the mint itself? I need to put a sticker on it and saw a comment that these are smaller. Thank you!
Are these soft? Or the hard kind?
Where can I find a list of ingrediants? Tasty is just part of the requirement.
how many mints apprx are in the bag?
Should I pay extra for "frustration-free packaging"? What is frustrating about the normal packaging?
Is the Starlight peppermint candy Kosher? Needs to have symbol on it that shows it is Kosher certified
Does it contain real peppermint oil? Does it contain Red 40?
Is this dark or light rye flower
How finely ground is this flour? (Compared to all-purpose, etc)
does the label indicate if it was processed on the same equipment or a facility that processes peanuts or tree nuts?
are each cigar have packs of gum in them
Does it blow smoke? (Fake smoke, powder, steam, vapor, I don't know)
Is this product gluten-free?
what are the ingredients?
Is this very spicy? I'm new to Indian food but it looks delicious.
Why are the Nutritian facts not displayed
directions: make a 2"cut in the pouch. where is that? i made a cut at the dotted line and some lentils oozed out. heat in microwave on a plate?
Is this to be stored in the refrigerator or is it fine in the pantry?
What is the shelf life?
Why is it so expensive?
where can I buy it?
What is the calorie content? Proteins? Sodium level?
Where is the kelp sourced?
how much salt ?
how can it be "organic" if it is harvested off the coast of Maine in the ocean?
What are the other ingredients besides Kelp?
Is this a good source of iodine?
Please give an amount of iodine provided per serving and the size of the serving. Thanks!
does it taste fishy. I am a vegetarian?
If I order this Crunchies, a big amount, when Im I going to recieved them? Thanks
Fresh
what is the honeycombcenter made of? is it really honey?
Are these the same as the ones made in Australia? Do they taste as good? A friend sent me one 50mg bar from Australia and I'm hooked!!!
what size is each bar?
I don't see the list of ingredients. I'd like to know if it has any trans fats: hydrogenated or partially hydrogenated fats.
Is it free shipping to US? What about to Turkey?
how fast do they ship? I'm in the US
how many ounces/oz, or grams/gm are these bars?
Is this similar to violet crumble
Wondering if someone can tell me the Age of this balsamic, and whether it is extra thick and syrupy... Thank you
Is there a big difference between this and a $15-$20 bottle? I am thinking much better than $5 bottle but concerned about the "diminishing return".
Ingredient? Grape with no sugar, Carmel, etc?
What kind of consistency? Is this particular balsamic thick and viscous?
How many ounces is this bottle of Villa Manodori Balsamic Vinegar ?
On a scale of 1 to 5, 0 being decaffeinated, what is the caffeine content? Thanks, Mark.
How many cups of tea does this one-pound package make?
How does the loose leaf compare with the bags? Any loss of flaver--especially over time?
What size glass jar should I buy to hold one pound of this tea?
can you freeze this tea?
How many teabags are included?
Just want to confirm...this product is loose leaf tea, right?
How about on formica countertops? should I sand / prime first?
Would this product hold up to heavy use such as on cabinetry hardware?
is it permanent? does it work on etched glass?
I have a brass chandelier and would like to tone down the color making it more antiqued or aged. will this product work on a shiny metal surface?
Do you apply this before you seal a wood piece of furniture with wax or after?
Can I seal or varnish
if I want later to paint regular paint over this product, should it be removed or primed first?
Can I use this on a fireplace surround?
Will it work on model plastic? As info, I used R&amp;B in the 70s (at camp, on plaster crafts).
What is the complete ingredient list for this item?
I purchased it and now I am concerned about the origin, Where is it manufactured? I just get the name of the distributor on the label, not the origin
is the glucose can make the cake more moist for baking?
Is this product a syrup? Is it the glucose syrup called for in cake baking recipes?
Is this expensive? $10 a pound?
How is this different from table cane sugar?
Is glucose healthier than high fructose corn syruo
is this seedless
Is this filling seedless?
is it gluten free
Does this have red 40 in it?
can this be frozen until used?
After filling the pie crust does the pie need to be baked or is it ready to eat?
Is this from grass-fed cows and pastured pork?
what is the difference between the orange can &amp; the red can? the label seems to be the same except for color. Thanks
Does this contain gluten?
I am not sure which of the gelatins to order. Why would I select the the one with collagen Hydrolysate rather than the straight gelatin, besides the price?
Are the cows 100% grass fed? Or, does ANY portion of their feed count as "grass fed"?
The website is vague with regard to hormones and antibiotics (to their knowledge is not very reassuring). rBST, Yes or No?
Can you make a jello like product for children with this powder?
where does it specify that it is grass fed?
I purchased the orange can but can't find the date to see if it is still fresh. Does the kosher gelatin expire?
What is the purpose of using this product?
What are the ingredients? Is it made with regular sugar or fake sugar?
Does anyone know the shelf life of product once it is open? I have some left over from a wedding cake. Its in the fridge. How long will it keep?
Does the filling need to be refrigerated once it's spread between cake layers?
can it be frozen for future use?
Cupcakes: How many cupcakes can you fill with one packet?
Are your fillings Kosher Pareve?
Does this contain a sugar crust inside? (If yes, then is it thick or thin??)
Searched for damiana liqueur and this came up... does this contain damiana ?
is this dark chocolate?
Do you have to be of age 21 to order or ship to?
What are the names of the liquor and how many of each come in a box?
Do they contain alcohol?
how's the shipping cost to south korea?
Are there 30 envelopes total or 90?
Is NESTL&Eacute; Fat Free Hot Cocoa lactose free?
Is it sugar free?
Calories
Is this product cans or packs?
what is the expiration date for this product
What is the expiration date for Nestle Hot Cocoa Mix, Fat Free, 7.33-Ounce Canisters
are they not making this product in packets?
What is the expiration date of this product?
Is it gluten free
Are there 30 envelopes total or 90?
Is NESTL&Eacute; Fat Free Hot Cocoa lactose free?
Is it sugar free?
Calories
Is this product cans or packs?
what is the expiration date for this product
What is the expiration date for Nestle Hot Cocoa Mix, Fat Free, 7.33-Ounce Canisters
are they not making this product in packets?
What is the expiration date of this product?
Is it gluten free
how many cans are in this
How many ounces will each can make?
What are the ingredients for this product?
For $26, how many cans do you get?
Is this really a case of formula for $27? How big are the cans in the case?
how many in a case?
there are conflicting numbers as to how many cans are in a case. could you please clarify?
Where is the Ingredient lable?
How many in the case?
How many cans are included for this price?
How is the taste compared to Swerve? How is the taste compared to Splenda?
I am looking for POWDERED Erythritol. Is this powdered, or grandular???
How many carbs does this have per serving?
This says it's derived from a corn source. Is this organic? After seeing the documentary, King Corn, I don't trust anything coming from a corn source.
Does this product have kosher certification?
Is this product from China?
I would like to make a Stevia/Erythritol blend to equate it to sugar. Has anyone played with the measurements to make a cup-for-cup substitute to sugar?
Is it made from organic corn? No GMO corn in this product?
Is this tea caffeinated like regular tea?
Is this red raspberry leaf tea?
i bought this tea for myself bcoz i m pregnant 37 week and my husband like this tea also, so i m wondering if he can drink this tea or not? Thank you
For people using this for a better labor...do you think it would be equally effective putting 4 teabags in one cup vs. 4 separate cups?
Where is this tea harvested? China?
Did the teabags recently start coming without a string? Four teabags in to my new case and there are no strings. Just a teabag and the tag.
When it says enjoy 3-5 cups daily, are you expected to use a new tea bag for every cup of tea?
Have you tried making iced tea with this? Does it still work as well if you brew the 3 to 5 bags at once and keep it in the fridge?
Is this certified kosher?
what does it tatse like and does it really work???
are they 6 boxes? and 1 box have 16 bags?
Does it help even out milk supply? For example if one breast is producing more milk than the other?
It has fennel and fenugreek and I know they both make your butt bigger from what I read online, so did anyway notice increase of butt growth?
Can you add milk and sugar to this like regular tea?
How long will it take to notice a difference in the milk supply?
How long will it take to notice a difference in the milk supply?
Can i order only one box to try.How much per box?
will this tea help clear my throat?
Does this tea contain caffeine?
Hello, does this have licorice in it? I understand it can raise blood pressure... thanks
Are the tea bags biodegradable?
Hi, i am also looking to order only one box and i dont see the option
Can I chose 6 diff types of tea for one purchase (6 in a pack)
where is the tea made in ?
Does this Dandelion tea have CAFFEIN in it? ty
Is Dandelion root the only ingredient?
Is this only a liver cleanser? Or does it have other benefits?
What about the expiration date on the pack of 6. What is the expiration date?
Hello there, when you say pack of 6, do you mean pack of 6, each pack containing 16 teabags, that would be 6x16=96 tea bags?
What is the experation date on all boxes? Thank you!
Does it have caffeine?
How many times a week or a month can you drink this tea? Can you drink green teas and dandelion root teas in the same week?
Does adding boiling water to this product destroy all the vitamins and minerals?.
how the bacteria in the kombucha tea does not die with the hot water?
Does this mean a total of 96 ( 6X16 ) tea bags?
One of the reviews states that she ordered regular Kombucha, but received decaffinated. Was that an isolated incident or is this actually for decaf?
Kombucha is live bacteria and yeast. This is simply a tea.. with an ingredient of "kombucha"? Does anyone know what this is exactly? I'm confused
Why does the product information suggest only 1-3 cups a day?
Are there live kombucha bacteria in this product?
How fresh is this tea?
Is there caffeine in this tea ?
Acne after drinking Yogi detox tea: I was wondering if anyone experienced breakouts/ acne flare up after having yogi detox tea?
Is there a laxative quality to this tea?
I apologize for the repeat/reusing a question but do people continue to break out while drinking this tea?
does this tea taste like black licorice?
Des this tea help lose weight?
Are these tea bags single serving or for making a whole pitcher?
Is there any way to make this teast any better?
Can you drink the tea as an Ice tea? Or does it have to be hot?
is this tea same as yogi detox tea which says" supports healthy liver and kidney function" because i like that one taste but its not available as 6 pk
Can pregnant women drink it?
16 tea bags in each pack? And I would get 6 packs total? for a total of 96 tea bags? Is that correct?
can this be iced tea as well?
I hate the taste of black licorice, does this taste like black licorice?
Does this tea taste sweet? I bought another variety of Yogi tea and it was so sweet that no one in my family would drink it.
Does it taste like Vics Vapor rub smells to anybody else? It leaves a cough drop like sensation in my throat after I take a drink.
I bought this tea on Oct. 10th for $19, but now, Dec. 2 there's been a $10 price hike, what's with that?
what do you mean by a 6 pack. I see the same item with 16 bags for $3.99 why is this more expensive
What is the content on the supplement label?
The box says contains caffeine then it says herbal. Is it 100% herbal? Or it has some caffeine? I can't have caffeine due to my heart palpitations.
what kinds of flavors are there
Does this tea have caffine?
What kind of expiration do these pods have? If I buy 150 of them and it takes me a year to get through them all, how will they taste by the end?
Anyone know which side goes down? One side has small dimples and the other is smooth. Also, how do I keep them from sticking in the machine?
Can I use these pods in my Verismo machine?
does anyone know the name of the new postum and maker?
how many servings to the 7 ounce container? seems expensive if a serving is close to an ounce....
Is this acidy?
Is it gluten free?
Is it gluten free?
Is Pero made in Germany?
how many blooms are on the plant when you receive it
I live in the Northeast. Can this plant live indoors? How big will it get?
how tall will the plant grow
i live in pa near maryland will i have to bring it in what is the temperature tolerance
Size of plant with basket?
how big is this plant?
Why are they green?
Ingredients List?
Are there messages in these cookies?
Can we order just one?
For Golden Bowl re 100 cookies for $13.10: What is the 'use by' date on the cookie box? Won't use 'til December.
anyone that has ordered these.. do the wrappers say "golden bowl" what does the wrapper say?
are these kosher?
are the plastic jars BPA &amp; phlalate free? what is the recycle number on plastic jar? Please answer thank you
Okay is it Virgin or EXTRA virgin? There is a difference! It says I've bought this before(same#), but mine says EXTRA. Please help
How to find experation date?
Can this be used as a daily/night moisturizer by itself? What about protection from the sun?
If you bought the 54 ounce jar, how well was it packed? Did it arrive without leakage? Thanks
What is the Lauric Acid percentage &amp; the medium chain fatty acids percentage of this coconut oil please??
can you use this product as a topical body oil
can this oil be used for hair treatment?
Has anyone used this as a sunscreen?
Is this really 54 oz or 29 oz like it shows in the picture?
will these pods work on my Via Venezia Coffee Espresso Maker?
Am I doing something wrong, here? Every time I use these, very light colored coffee trickles out....
Will it work in a Breville?
will the lavazza pod work on a cuisinart single serve machine
Are these the e.s.e. pods that will fit in a handpresso? Thanks
Do you have FDA approval for this oil ?
Has this product been tested for arsenic? Due to high are arsenic content in rice, any rice related food company should address this issue
Where in the USA is this oil manufactured or where is its rice grown?
How does Rice Bran Oil tend to keep? Would you need to replace it every six months ?
Is it cold press?
Is this packed in glass or plastic?
What is the smoke point of your oil in Fahrenheit?
is this oil good for deep frying??
Is this oil cold pressed?
I'm supposed to eat 8 oz. daily of unsweetened plain yogurt. Would this work the same way?
is this used as a yogurt starter
I want to know if the yogurt powder is organic and the shelf life it will be mixed in with other things for a skin care product???
would to know if your powered yogurt is organic and the shelf life when mixed??
does anybody know the serving size? and how many servings I can get from this 1lb. bag? thanks!
what is salt content?
how many calories per serving size?
Is this the same as Kishk powder used in middle east cooking?
Can this be used to make yogurt covered pretzels? If so, how? I tried Yoplait yogurt and the results were not what I wanted.
What are the directions for making plain thick yogurt from this?
What are the mixing instructions for this?
what is the shelf life of this product? can the shelf life be extended by sealing in mylar bags?
is there any info on the sugar level in this?
Does this have TBHQ as preservative?
how much sour cream does it make weight for weight?
what are the ingredients of this product?
Those of you who have used the Barry Farm website: How do you find anything specific?
what is the shelf life of this product?
What are the ingredients?
Is this a 3 pack or are they asking $36 for a 23oz bottle?
how do you compare the prickly pear syrup with the prickly pear puree for making the prickly pear margarita?
WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN MODEL 100 AND 300???
Why does Amazon give the list price as $14.99 when the manufacturer's website sells it for $9.99?
will it fit an Adams peanut butter jar correctly?
Will it work on Smuckers Natutal 26 oz jar?
I want to get this to stir 16oz coconut butter. What model should I get- 100 or 300?
Is this dishwasher safe?
The picture here makes it look like it is pink--but when I go the Witmer website, it looks a ruddy brown PB color. Is the Amazon one pink?
Will this fit a mason canning jar?
Witch one fits whole foods large jar of 365
Anyone successfully use this for a can of Joyva tahini?
What picture is on the 700 chocolate coins?
Is this made in china?
Are the coins all the same size? How big?
How many lbs. per 700 count bag?
What is exact list of ingredients of the truffle oil? Is there is a flavor added? Or only truffle shaves?
This may seem obvious to everyone else, but I am new to infused oils. When using, do you first shake the bottle to get the particles suspended?
is this organic?
if I order two sets, what will be the shipping charge?
what are the ingredients? Is there corn syrup as a sweetener?
does it comes with a pump
Does this need to be refrigerated after opening? What is the shelf life when closed AND after opening?
How long does this syrup last after opening if kept refrigerated?
where is this syrup made from?
Are there 10 packets per order?
I would like dry noodles, is that possible ?
Expedited ONLY? Are these dry or fresh noodles?
how many ounces are each bad
Please!!!! Expiration date of ACTUAL (RECENTLY ORDER /ON STOCK) Similac Expert Care Alimentum Infant Formula Powder?
can the product directly ship to China?
What is the due date
what's the expiration date of this product?Thank you.
Please!!!! Expiration date of ACTUAL (RECENTLY ORDER /ON STOCK) Similac Expert Care Alimentum Infant Formula Powder?
When would like to order the 6 pack of Alimentum. But would need to know the expiration dates first as my son doesn't go through a can very quickly.
What is the expiration date of this product?
price of allimentum: Does anyone know a generic alternative?
Kellogg's croutettes: What were they thinking?
Can I find it anywhere, am lost without it. Been using it for years.Is this the croutetes that I have been using for years.
kelloggs crouton stuffing mix: Has it been discontinued?
Has anyone found anything similar that they like?
When you open the 3600 cal package, are all the bars inside then exposed and open, or is each 400 cal bar also wrapped? Thanks
How fresh is this product? What is the remaining life?
Do you know if the product is kosher?\
What date are you shipping now ?
Are they made with wheat or any other glutenous grain (such as corn or barley)? Rice and oats are okay.
where are these manufactured?
Do we eat them out of the pack? Or mix with water?
Do you feel satisfied after eating one?
How many portions/meals is in a case of ten? Is it one per pack / 10 per case?
What is this tea from? Is it from China?
sugar
DOES THIS CONTAIN SUGAR
Is there iodine in the salt?
Why is the price so high? Other on-line sources are much less expensive . . .
Is this salt heated?
Where is the source?
is this salt unrefined?
Is the composition of this salt potassium chloride or sodium chloride?
Does it have aluminum in it ?
does this package have a shelf life and if so what is it?
Do I need to buy a grinder to use with this salt, or can I pour it directly into my salt shaker?
What is the texture of this salt like? Would it be fine like table salt or more coarse like kosher salt. I would prefer coarse for cooking...
Is the USDA stamp on the package proving organic? I didn't see this stamp.
Is this popcorn non-GMO?
Is this guaranteed non-GMO, or just organic?
How much syrup does it dispense per pump?
ny idea where I can get the black rubber sanitary cover for the spout?
Should there be a straw attachment to reach the bottom of bottle
Could someone please let me know the measurement of the diameter at opening of the bottle. I am try to see if this fits on my Honey's bottle?Thank you
Will this fit 750 ml Davinici plastic bottles, or only the Monin glass bottles?
Could I see the complete list of ingredients ?
does this come in a glass bottle
you said what seperates the monin is the natural flavores, now you are saying it also has artifucal flavor added, is that correct?
peanut
What is the difference between Standard Packaging and Frustration Free Packaging?
What is the expiration date?
Is it safe to assume these are made in the USA? I don't buy candy or any food made in China.
Approximately how many pieces are included in a 3 lbs bag?
Do these contain any peanuts? Will these have a food label on them?
what are the ingredients ?
What are the exact ingredients?
Every body keeps saying big jar. How many ozs. is the jar?
i would like to know if this is seedless or with seeds
How many onces are in the jar?
Its already Expired?
Is this the big bottle?
What is the best flavor?
WHAT IS USED IN MAKING MOCHA FRAPPUCCINO
Is this powder
Is this the Big train Fit Frappe mocha???
What is the sugar source
How many many carbs, sugars, grams of fat and calories are in a drink, assuming we're using skim milk?
can this be blended with ice and water instead of milk?
Bewley's Dublin vs Barry's
WE bought either Barry's or Bewley's in the past. I don't remember the brand but it has a big square teabag, IWhat kind of teabag does Barry's have?
is it non caffeine?
Is the Breakfast Blend stronger than the Gold Blend? I can't remember which I've had, but it was similar to coffee. TIA!
I am confused on the difference between the various blends such as Irish Breakfast, Gold Blend and Original Blend. Can someone explain the difference?
What is the tea blend?
how much does it make
Is this add on price for one box or 12?
excise me , I wondering if the material right or rung material. I received rung material
Can this icecream mix be used for soft serve icecream maker and dispenser from Cuisinart? I just bought the soft serve icecream maker for my nephew and I want to be sure I purchase the right icecream mix for soft serve!! Thanks!
What are the ingredients listed on the boxes? Are they made with sugar or dextrose?
are these the original recipe? not the hard yucky ones?
Do these have "smoke" powder that come out when you blow on them, like when we were kids?
What taste do they are?
Do these candy cigarettes have a red tip? The originals did and I have yet to find them.
Do they have experation dates? or can I buy them for a party a few months from now and assume they are still going to be okay?
I ordered 3 boxes of the World's candy cigarettes and they are a miniture version of what i have been buying in Oklahoma. just need to know if these are the mini's (shrink wrapped) or regular size
how big are the cigarette boxes?
Are the packs individually shrink wrapped?
Is it dairy and gluten free
Can you please tell me if this product contains soy lecithin?
What is the liquidity of the callets? (Callebaut rates liquidity of its chocolate on a scale of 1-5, designated by teardrop icons on the package)
Is this a different recipe/taste than the block (which I like)? Most melting discs I've tasted are awful
Please provide an exact ingredient list. Is the cocoa solids cocoa mass or cocoa butter? I'm interested because onlycocoa mass has the health benefits
IS THERE ANY ADDED SUGAR?
What temperature for tempering - the high end - I am having trouble with my mini rev with 70% cacoa - machine says best results with 55% or lower.
do these need to be tempered to make moulded chocolate?
What size are the individual chips? Are they normal chocolate chip size, melting wafer size, or somewhere in between?
is this chocolate vegan?
I only received 11 not 12 in the box just delivered. Why?
How many hours of energy does one bottle give YOU?
Is it gluten free?
What is the expiration date of your current promegranate stock?
what is the expiration date for the product I selected (12 pack 5 hour energy for 22.44)
Energy: To Whom It May Concern: Do it really give you energy?
should I freeze Kerrygold butter?
I just tried to order this and found out it will not ship to Georgia. Is it because of the heat?
Why will this company not ship to Texas?! Very disppointed!
Is the milk in this Irish butter pasteurized?
How do you keep it cold during shipping?
is this the foil pack or plastic tub? I want the foil wrapped kind.
Is Kerrygold butter made in the USA?
Sugar free Oreo - Sweetener? What's the sweetener used in this product?
How many total carbohydrates does one serving have
hOW MANY TOTAL COOKIES DO YOU GET FOR THE $20?
What is the best buy date?
Is the sweetner artifical?
How many packages do you get for the $20?
is it dutch processed
Some reviews refer to new expiration dates attached over old expired dates? What is the shelf life?
Whats the difference between the CP-776 and CP-777?
Is this item actually in stock, or are the port workers still on strike?
does this still come in flimsy paper packaging
Is it gluten &amp; dairy free?
Doesn't the price seem a little high?
Has anyone reduced weight drinking this tea?
Do you get poop issues , if so do they go away?
Does this tea make you move your bowels? and is it good for colon cleansing?
How would you describe the taste? and is it worth getting?
What is the expiration date on this product?
Love this tea so much. Does anyone know exactly how much stevia is actually in it. For medical reasons?
So does this mean there are 6 packs of 16 making 96 tea bags total or just 16 bags?
Does it taste good iced?
Does 16 tea bags (6 packs) mean that there are 6 packs, each containing 16 tea bags (making it 96 tea bags per box)?
Is this 6 boxes with 16 tea bags in each? Total of 96 tea bags?
How many packs/cases of this size will ship in one box? I bought the 33.5 oz before and they shipped 2 cases in over size boxes which cost me a lot on
I don't. Like the taste of the natural coconut water. Can juices be added without losing the benefits of the potassium or electrolyt
So how do we know this is real coconut water? is there an agency to measure if this actually comes from a coconut and not from some tap water and flavoring ?
what are the benefits of drinking coconut water
Is the 11.2 ounce carton resealable like the 33.8 ounce, or does it only come with a straw?
Is it made from concentrate?
Why is the price being displayed wrong? When I cheked in Dealspl.us it shows me less than 10$ and when i follow the link it says 18.35$ why is that??
Is there an expiration date for coconut water?
Accuracy in product claims: I'd like to know how the water is kept from turning rancid or into alcohol?
Is coconut water better to use than coconut oil for cooking
Why are even the recent reviews so exteremly good or bad? Does the company offer good c/s? I want to order, just confused.
Can I use vodka instead of bourbon to make the vanilla extract?
are the beans long lasting?
How may bean pods are there in 1/2 pound?
What is the difference between Olive Nation and Madagascar Bourbon?
Can I use vodka instead of bourbon to make the vanilla extract?
My beans had a slight odd odor like some other reviews mentioned. Has anyone with stinky beans made vanilla, and if so did it alter the taste?
My package was sealed but there was a lot of air inside, as well as moisture. This did not happen last time I ordered. Is this normal?
Are these beans shipped vacuum sealed?
are the beans Grade A ?
what is the amount of fat and sugar in Annies homegrown gluten free mac and cheese?
Is the rice in Annie's Mac and Cheese Brown Rice?
is this product dairy free too??
some of the powdered cheese was already on the noodles of my first package? is this normal or a defective package?
I am finding little brown flakes/specs in the mac and cheese when cooked. I believe it's the noodles and not the sauce. What's up with this?
Do you receive 6 boxes of 6-count 1 ounce snack packs? (i.e. I will receive 36 1-ounce packs total?)
Ok, here is a silly question. How big are the individual pouches? Will they fit in a typical plastic easter egg?
Costco stopped carrying the small snack packs we buy for our toddler grandson-- how many packs are in this--6 or 36?
If I eat enough of these will I turn into Macho Man Randy Savage?
How many calories in each stick ?
Are expiration dates current?
What is the Expiration Date?
Will these ship to the U.S. virgin islands
Anyone else get sell by date of December 2014?
do they taste good and can one cook with them
Are these slim jims flat or round?
How long is the shelf life?
What are the dimensions of this item?
If I eat enough of these will I turn into Macho Man Randy Savage?
How many calories in each stick ?
Are expiration dates current?
What is the Expiration Date?
Will these ship to the U.S. virgin islands
Anyone else get sell by date of December 2014?
do they taste good and can one cook with them
Are these slim jims flat or round?
How long is the shelf life?
What are the dimensions of this item?
If I eat enough of these will I turn into Macho Man Randy Savage?
How many calories in each stick ?
Are expiration dates current?
What is the Expiration Date?
Will these ship to the U.S. virgin islands
Anyone else get sell by date of December 2014?
do they taste good and can one cook with them
Are these slim jims flat or round?
How long is the shelf life?
What are the dimensions of this item?
Where is your tea imported from?
Is this companies tea gluten free?
how much caffeine is in this tea?
If I eat enough of these will I turn into Macho Man Randy Savage?
How many calories in each stick ?
Are expiration dates current?
What is the Expiration Date?
Will these ship to the U.S. virgin islands
Anyone else get sell by date of December 2014?
do they taste good and can one cook with them
Are these slim jims flat or round?
How long is the shelf life?
What are the dimensions of this item?
If I eat enough of these will I turn into Macho Man Randy Savage?
How many calories in each stick ?
Are expiration dates current?
What is the Expiration Date?
Will these ship to the U.S. virgin islands
Anyone else get sell by date of December 2014?
do they taste good and can one cook with them
Are these slim jims flat or round?
How long is the shelf life?
What are the dimensions of this item?
What's the best wine to use with this packet to make the best Gluhwein?
How much does 1 packet make?
Last week you had package for gluhwein for 35$. I've got to 2 packages to try and want to get more. Is it still available to buy? thanks...
how many 750ml bottles of wine does this make?
What is expiration date / how long can a case (12) bags stay fresh?
How much actual protein is in these and wha is the calorie count on a bag?
how much is a serving, carb count, sugar count and servings per package please? Thanks!
Maybe I missed it but where is the nutrition information?
How long can the package be stored unopened without hurting the quality of the beans?
Mine seems to have a smoky smell more than vanilla. Is that normal?
how many beans are in the 1/4 lb pack?
Is "premium" the same as Grade A or Grade B? Is there some other rating system that i don't know about? Thank you.
All of the reviewers claiming mold occurred around the same time... was that just a bad batch? If I were to order these now, would they be mold-free?
About how many beans do you get with 1/4 pound?
how many in a bag
How much vodka in ml would render the best results using all these beans?
How many beans is 4 oz.?
How should they be stored? Can they be frozen?
how many ounces in each bowl? evenly divided in flavors or how is it broken down?
How long for the expiration dates?
How long are the expiration dates?
how many ounces/pounds is the cereal total?
Is this for 12 boxes with 3 bags in each box?
is it very salty
Is there any butter or diary products in this popcorn?
Is this a snack size popcorn bag, or the normal large size?
how long for expiration date?
Is this GMO free?
Does the ingredient list include hydrogenated oil?
Does the sweet ground chocolate or any similar product have a kosher parve symbol.
Does this have any sodium in it?
How is the sugar amount in this? I like just a little sugar.
how many cups in the 3 lb can?
I used this mix for the first time. It was fluffy but it tastes very oily. I followed the instructions to a 'T". Has anyone tried using less oil?
If you're using a bread maker, which one are you using and with good results?
I see info regarding using this mix with a breadmaker -- are there also instructions for doing it by hand/oven? Thanks!
Had a problem - in center of loaf a section was caved in and hard. I followed directions -- I use a scale to measure everything.
is the bead supposed to fill the whole loaf pan on the machine? My loaf was only half the size of the pan. I did use flax eggs instead of eggs.
What is its shelf life?
I am beginning a Paleo way of eating. Is this mix considered Paleo?
I made my first load and it was very dense. It tasted a good but how can I get it more like bread? I used the regular, not GF cycle as directed.
Does this taster better than buying gluten free bread like Udi's? Just trying to find the best tasting GF bread for my 7 year old daughter.
How can I adjust the Package bread maker recipt to use it for bagels after rising takes place. Its too thin to form, boil and bake after rising.
What are the ingredients? Mainly concerned about High Fructose Corn Syrup, artificial colorings and aspertame/ aminosweet.
Do starbucks pumps work on these bottles?
Does it come in a glass or plastic bottle?
If I pour part of bottle to another bottle and keep in the fridge, does it need to be heated before feeding my NEWBORN baby again? How can I reheat?
It's my first time buying this product. I wonder if the package comes with one time used nipple?
If ordering today 8/9/14 what is the expiration date on the formula
What is the expiration date if I order this in the next few days?
What is the expiration date on this?
What's the expiration date for this product?
Can this be used in fondue fountains?
I made chocolate dipped oreos and are cooling in the fridge... I want to individually wrap. Do I need to put them back in after or out in AC is ok?
Title say pack of 8, later says case of 12. Please - is it 8 or 12? I'm planning for a really big party and can't be short on product. Thanks
Are you getting 4 boxes of 8oz. each baking chocolate?
Product changes have occurred. The out side of the box looks the same. The wrapper is now a foil wrapper. Can it really be microwaved?
Does this taste good eaten directly? How does it taste compared to super dark chocolate made to be eaten directly like Lindt 90%?
Is this the old style 8 oz. box with individually wrapped one-ounce squares?
Is this 100% cacao
Are they gluten free?
What is the cacao percentage in the Baker's unsweetened package ?
How long will this be available?
Is the product still within the expiration date?
Is the current blend as healthy as the old bitter formula we all were familiar with ? What changed ? Box says same.
Why is this 160 dollars? Does it include the cooking pan and plates?
Is the expiration date?
Purchase packets of seasoning
where can you buy it?
Is this product processed on shared lines with peanuts or tree nuts?
Sometings not right about labeling. Why does this have only 5gm, &lt;1gm carb, &amp; 14cal/tbsp, but Sunfood &amp; others have 14gm, 5.5gm carbs, &amp; 75cal/tbsp?
Is your rapunzel org cocoa powder gluten free and non gmo ?
My recipe calls for "dutch processded" Do you know if this would work?
Approximately how much caffeine is in one serving (1 Tablespoon)?
Is this non-GMO?
Confused how many individual packets do you get in this order is it 48 or 6?
is there sugar in this
can you eat them raw?
what is the calorie and carb count?
The raisin kind says it contains natural flavor. Is that MSG?
Is there any added oil?
How long will the jerky last?
Does this beef jerky come from grass-fed cows?
The description says 4 ounces, but the picture of the package says 3 ounces - which is it (I'm guessing 3)?
IS this grass fed beef?
How long will the jerky last?
Does this beef jerky come from grass-fed cows?
The description says 4 ounces, but the picture of the package says 3 ounces - which is it (I'm guessing 3)?
IS this grass fed beef?
Are these individually wrapped in plastic (or is the straw itself plastic or just paper?)
Hi, how long is the stick? 12" ?
How much comes in a tube
How much comes in a tube
does this have sugar or salt?
would this taste good sprinkled on popcorn?
Does this seasoning taste sour because of the vinegar?
Is this product Gluten Free?
What ae the health benefits
Is the truffle flavor naturally extracted or artificially produced?
If you wanted to flavor a pasta, how much would you use for each 2 ounces of dry pasta?
How long will they last once opened? Must they be eaten all at once?
For those who ordered recently, what is the expiration date? I am trying to figure out if it is fresh (since I love this brand).
What does "truffle" taste like? People seem to rave - is it a mushroom-type flavor?
What size are the salt granules? Sea salt or kosher salt or table salt?
IS THIS A GLASS BOTTLE?
is this gmo free?
should i refrigerate this?
should be refrigerated?
what size?
Does this tea help you sleep at night?
Does it have St.Johns Wart?
Has anyone ever tried it iced?
are they indiviually wrapped in each box?
Does anyone know if the report on Celestial seasoning contains dangerous levels of pesticides true or not?
Is this closer to white tea or black tea?
changed formula?
Does it make you drowsy? I'm looking for teas to keep me company while I study long nights without making me drowsy.
does this tea have caffine ?
Can I plant the organic barley seed this spring for harvest later?
Can you cook this barley and eat it?
where the seeds comes from
Growing for grain: Can this barley be grown out to produce barley for brewing beer?
so just to be sure, can I juice these and drink it?
I want to grow wheat to make my own bread. Is this what I am looking for, or is this just for wheat grass?
How long do these seeds stay usable? I have over a half bag left from June and winter is coming. The are in a sealed plastic bag in the house. Now I'm reading about these bugs &amp; eggs! What to do? Toss, freeze, plant outside with the spring bulbs? Help!
Can one use a blender thing for juicing them?
What's the difference between hard red and hard white wheatgrass seeds?
Is this product GMO or non-GMO?
After the grass grows one time and i cut it, does the grass grow back and if so how many times?
is it better to sprout by soaking/rinsing before planting? or not really necessary, just plant them and water and keep in dark until they sprout?
Do you suggest a tray with holes or no holes for growing indoors?
How much do you suggest I use for a 10" by 20" tray? 1 lb or 1 cup?
I'm on a clear liquid diet and will have to be a few more times in the future. Are the drops clear or colored?
Sweetleaf Toffee Stevia: It's ok, but how much do you use to get some flavor?
Where is this product from? China?
what is it used for?
does sweetleaf stevia, any of them, have msg in them?
Does it have any cocoa in it?
What are the "natural flavors?"Does it contain soy, gluten, casein, corn, nuts, peanuts, or any other common allergens?Please disclose the ingredients
Is this vegan?
Do you add any oil to the raisins?
What is the difference in these raisins and organic? Doesn't no pesticide imply organic?
Are these GOLDEN raisins?
What is Potassium content?
Are these sweetened?
Are these Organic Raisins?
what is the shelf life of this product?
Looking for flaxseed FLOUR! Is this fine grind, like flour?
what can I use instead of ground flax seeds
where is it produced, the seeds and packaging?
I ve read that several people freeze the unused bags -just wondering if u loose any nutrient potency from freeing it -damaging the nutrients ? -thanks
Is this product cold-milled?
Is whole ground the same as cold milled? What is the percent of Omega-3 ?
I purchased from Amazon the flaxseed meal and it is dark colored. When I bought the same flaxseed meal at my local Costco, it was light colored. Why?
How is this in the blender when added to a smoothie? Has anyone tried adding to a blended smoothie? If so , does it change the taste, or texture?
why does nobody mention mixing it in applesauce? its the only way i use this stuff, makes it a filling snack great tasting with a little cinnamon too
Is this a good price? Should I go ahead and order or if I might be able to find cheaper locally. 4 bucks/lb seems like a lot for beans.
Where are the beans grown?
gluten free?
Organic? or know of any?
what does the 'natural' means? if it is not organic, what does it mean by "natural"?
Are peanuts, tree nuts, soy, wheat, or dairy processed in the same facility as the natural, raw sunflower seeds?
will they sprout?
Can I eat it right out of the package? I noticed it said raw
Are these sunflower seeds organic and where are they grown?
What is the shelf life on these bags - what would be the expiration date on a bag shipped out today?
A pack of 4 20 oz bags costs a total of $12.60? This is the deal?
OK...not salted so great. B4 I buy, I need to read in your repsonse that these are in no way from China or elsewhere outside the good ole U.S. of A .
salted or not?
Is there an expiration date on this item?
Is it genetically modified?
Why does it state 1:2 cup ratio on bag for hot; 1:1 ratio in description for cereal:water amounts? Also, 40 oz bags state 1:1 ratio. Which is it? :)
is it the same ingredients as your 40 oz size bag?
Can someone tell me the nutrit&iuml;on facts?
I believe the ingredients have no sugar added. Is that correct?
Did you prepare your musli with heating in technology process ?
Can someone describe its texture cold, with milk, and only 1-2 minutes soaking? (I prefer Raisin Bran-ish texture; GoLean is too hard/crunchy to eat.)
I've always recieved mixed answers on whether buckwheat (like this item) is gluten free or not? Please let me know which is correct for this item.
Can I grind this myself to make flour? Will it be a light buckwheat flour or dark color? I've never cooked with buckwheat before.
Is this product processed on the same equipment as hazelnuts?
Would it hurt to freeze unopened bags? Should you refrigerate a bag after opening?
Hello - Can you please let me know in what country Bob's Red Mill Raw Organic Buckwheat groats are grown in? Thank you.
Is this product currently Gluten free?
where is the buckwheat grown?
does this help control sugar?
Once the buckweat sprouts, do you eat it raw or cook it?
Am I understanding right - This buckweat is raw, but offered only to Prime members?
What are the recommended leavening agents for this? Baking soda leaves a nasty aftertaste for biscuits. I want to like this flour.
Weight per cup of this flour?
Is the "Sell by:" date right? 06/12/2013?????????? If so cancel my order
Can it have traces of corn or soy in it?
what is the shelf life of an unopened bag
xnathum gum
is this flour paleo acceptable?
Is this product made from GMO free rice?
Can this be used to make a pie crust?
This is raw, correct?
What is expiration date on box Thank you.
Are there lectins in stabalized bran rice?
Rice Bran is said to contain Vitamin E. Why there's no mention of it under Nutrition Facts?
I read that whole flax seed is hard to digest-hard for body to break down -just passes through --compared to milled -crushed seeds.??
can anyone tell me what is the difference between golden and brown flax seeds, not sure which one to choose
What is the shelf life?
I'm a little confused.... for smoothies made in a "performance blender" can I add them whole or should I grind them up first? Thank you for the help
Are these good for sprouting as well?
Can these seeds be toasted before eating
Just need to verify before ordering. For $12.88 do I recieve 4-24oz bags or just 1- 24oz bag?
Where are these grown?
Can this flax seed be placed in a small clothe bag, placed in the freezer and use as a way to soothe headaches?
The price has gone from $13.72 to $16.86 in two months. Is this inflation or seasonal fluctuation?
Can you just swap out "regular" flour with this product when cooking/baking?
Has anyone used it with Tapioca flour instead of wheat flour?
What is the exact expiration date on the 4 pack as of today? I would like to purchase but would like you to give me exact date please, thank you so mu
What is a difference between this almond meal flour with brown label and the one with the yellow label which is more expensive?
Are the almonds irradiated, or treated any another way? Are they raw before grinding?
Is this product almond meal or almond flour?
Does it have a strong nutty flavor? Thank you
Can I just drink it with water or milk?
Is this product organic?
What is the most current expiration date for the 4-pack if purchased today, 10/14/14?
when is the expiration date? thanks!
What is the difference between Golden and regular?
what's the exp date?
is this baked?
How long is it good for in the refrigerator?
Is this four, 32 oz packages?
Is this ground flaxseed? Can't tell from the picture?
Is this ground flaxseed? Can't tell from the picture?
Is this flaxseed meal, cold stone ground? The fat content is lower then the seeds. Could this be the bi-product of flaxseed oil production?
can this be used for baking?
Seeking GF bread CRUMBS - will this do?? Do I have to make it into bread first, toast then crumble; or can it bread chicken fillets as it? Thanks all!
How much flour should be used for a bread-machine recipe?
I purchased this product in bulk-how much do I use and how much yeast do I need?
Can I use a oven instead of a bread machine? Baking the GF dough inside a oven to make bread? Will it work?
After cooking the bread, how should I store it before eating, in frig or room temperature? How long?
Can you use whole eggs
I am also allergic to eggs which this recipe calls for. Can it be made with egg sugstitute?
What bread maker is everyone using? (if you are)
Is cider vinegar or any vinegar necessary? Why? I cannot eat sourdough.
Are there any other ingredients I need to add to this when making bread? and how many loaves will 1 package make?
Is it certified gluten free?
What is the difference between this and buckwheat groats? Are these just groats ground slightly smaller?
Is this product definitely Gluten Free? I hope someone can let me know
Does anyone know if you can add it raw into smoothies or soak it overnight and add it to smoothies?
Do you use non-gmo buckwheat?
Can anyone say how this compares to Pocono Cream of Buckwheat? Taste and texture?
Should Amazon go back to shipping to Alaska and Hawaii??
is this NON-GMO product?
is this product pre-washed?
how long can we keep it both open bag and sealed bag?
is this wheat free
why don't you show allergy warning , product labels ?
Is the chocolate in the these bars actually raw chocolate?
Why are you using agave nectar and making claims for not using sugar? Agave nectar is WORSE than sugar
what % is from dark chocolate?
Why are the ingredients not listed?
I wonder where the spirulina powder is coming from. which country is it originated from?I know that Japan produces a lot of quality ones.
Is the "may contain traces of soy or peanuts" statement on this website more of legal disclaimer, than a likely possibilty?
I do not see the ingredients listed anywhere, Where could I find them?
I purchased this brand once and was surprised to find they were not 1.8 oz as advertised but were only 0.8 oz. Are these 1.8 oz full-sized bars?
How many grams of sugar in the Spirulina Dream?
Nutriton Facts?? Why is Amazon not listing nutrition facts for their products?
organic golden is not mentioned in the title of the item on the amazon listing... is it organic?
What's the difference between the Golden &amp; the 'non-golden' in the white bag?
Is this item "Golden Flaxseed" meal even though the picture doesn't describe as "golden"?
Is this product "COLD MILLED"? The description seems to insinuate it but it doesn't say it is actually cold milled?
What does "whole ground flaxseed" mean? whole means "not ground". Is it grounded?
Is the chocolate in the these bars actually raw chocolate?
Why are you using agave nectar and making claims for not using sugar? Agave nectar is WORSE than sugar
what % is from dark chocolate?
Why are the ingredients not listed?
I wonder where the spirulina powder is coming from. which country is it originated from?I know that Japan produces a lot of quality ones.
Is the "may contain traces of soy or peanuts" statement on this website more of legal disclaimer, than a likely possibilty?
I do not see the ingredients listed anywhere, Where could I find them?
I purchased this brand once and was surprised to find they were not 1.8 oz as advertised but were only 0.8 oz. Are these 1.8 oz full-sized bars?
How many grams of sugar in the Spirulina Dream?
Nutriton Facts?? Why is Amazon not listing nutrition facts for their products?
I need vital wheat gluten. Is this the same thing?
Does this product contain GMO?
Why does this come up in Amazon gluten free listings? Celiacs beware!
Can I add this gluten flour to the all purpose white flour becomes "bread flour" for the bread machine, if yes, what is the amount I need to mix?
I have a recipe that calls for 3/4 cup of gluten flor a one pound loaf of bread. Other ingredients are soy flour and oat bran.
I'm a little concerned about using up 4 packages before they expire - how far ahead is expiry date typically?
I want to make filo dough that does not rip when I make it. Will this work?
Is the chocolate in the these bars actually raw chocolate?
Why are you using agave nectar and making claims for not using sugar? Agave nectar is WORSE than sugar
what % is from dark chocolate?
Why are the ingredients not listed?
I wonder where the spirulina powder is coming from. which country is it originated from?I know that Japan produces a lot of quality ones.
Is the "may contain traces of soy or peanuts" statement on this website more of legal disclaimer, than a likely possibilty?
I do not see the ingredients listed anywhere, Where could I find them?
I purchased this brand once and was surprised to find they were not 1.8 oz as advertised but were only 0.8 oz. Are these 1.8 oz full-sized bars?
How many grams of sugar in the Spirulina Dream?
Nutriton Facts?? Why is Amazon not listing nutrition facts for their products?
Is the chocolate in the these bars actually raw chocolate?
Why are you using agave nectar and making claims for not using sugar? Agave nectar is WORSE than sugar
what % is from dark chocolate?
Why are the ingredients not listed?
I wonder where the spirulina powder is coming from. which country is it originated from?I know that Japan produces a lot of quality ones.
Is the "may contain traces of soy or peanuts" statement on this website more of legal disclaimer, than a likely possibilty?
I do not see the ingredients listed anywhere, Where could I find them?
I purchased this brand once and was surprised to find they were not 1.8 oz as advertised but were only 0.8 oz. Are these 1.8 oz full-sized bars?
How many grams of sugar in the Spirulina Dream?
Nutriton Facts?? Why is Amazon not listing nutrition facts for their products?
can you make brownies or cookie with this baking mix?
Has anyone tried making dumblings with this?
Can this product be frozen?
How many total carbs? NOT net carbs?
How many total carbs? NOT net carbs?
sugar: Package ingredient label reads two different kinds of sugars but nutrition label says zero sugar how is that possible?
What's the shelf life? thanks.
Is it non GMO ?
Is this product 20 ounces or 16 ounces?
Another reviewer said these were 16 ounce packages - not 20 ounces as stated. Please let me know the weight. Many thanks.
I have been ordering arrowroot powder, 4 X 20oz for a few years now. Why did you stop the free shipping?
I know very little about this product. I would like to get the nutrition information, as I am a new diabetic.
Is this organic? Can it be sprouted?
can you eat this raw?
is it gluten free
Can you microwave teff for breakfast cereal?
Do you need to rinse / wash this before cooking, or is it pre-washed?
what do you use to grind into flours?
Do the amount of calories increase once the serving size of 1/4 cup dry is cooked? If so how many calories.
Will these seeds germinate in soil?
Can you use a Vitamix to mill the grains?
Where is the teff grown?
Where was it made
Says tin is there chocolates with it
Are they fresh? as I brought one Tin a while ago &amp; they were so old &amp; stale. I want to buy 2 Tins for Xmas gifts
Please list the product ingredients and expiration date!
what kind of chocolates are in there?
how many pieces of choclate?
Are Crown Prince Alaskan Pink Salmon cans free of nasty bisphenol A (BPA), a chemical used as glue to keep the cans together?
Are there bones in this? If so, are they soft and edible? Or must they be hard and must be picked out?
How many milligrams preserving
Exactly how much sodium is in a can, or how much per serving? If by serving, how many does the label indicate per can?
Says "A product of Canada", however, labeling laws don't always mean anything. Was this product canned in Canada, too?
Where is this product canned?
is ig packed in water?
Is there salt in the ingredients? Is there broth? What is the sodium content per can and per serving, please?
Is this product bone and skin free?
bpa free or not?
Are these sardines WILD caught? I'm interested in wild caught sardines only. Thanks
Is the current stock in cans that are BPA free? an older customer said no. a new customer implied yes
The box states that they are from managed fisheries? Does that mean that they are not wild caught? Thanks
What's the difference between Crown Prince NATURAL in olive oil (white box) and Crown Prince in Olive oil (Blue box)?
I've never cared for fish of any kind, but felt I missed out of the health benefits they provide. Do I need to rinse the oil off before I eat them?
Are they BPA free
Are they BPA free
Which is smaller, crosspacked or 2 layered sardines? Thanks
How can they be wild caught &amp; from managed fisheries? I thought managed fisheries were fish farms? Thanks
What is the difference between crosspacked &amp; 2 layer sardines? Thanks
Are these cans BPA free?The cans do not have BPA free on them.However,some of their other sardines have it on the box in big letters.Why is this?Tha
Are the cans BPA free?
are they from china
What makes the natural ones more expensive than the "unnatural" ones?
Do these come with bones, skin, head, or tail attached?
I understand these are on the small side, but are they soft and mushy, or are they firm? my usual brand, for comparison, is Bela (thank you).
Do the Brisling sardines still have the guts in them
What is the expiration date?
what is the sodium content
Crown Prince offers 2 identical products with a large price difference, of 2-layer brislings in EVOO. Why the large price difference?
How are these different from the "Crown Prince Natural Two Layer Brisling Sardines in Extra Virgin Olive Oil, 3.75-Ounce Cans (Pack of 12)"?
What is that picture ? that is not a crunchie in the picture
Do you still have ones that expire sept 2015 or later? If I order these would I get the longest shelf life or the ones ready to expire?
What is their used by date?
What is their used by date?
It was just reported today that Cadbury can no longer be shipped to the US? Does that affect your abilty to ship?
Does this import from UK or Canada?
Is the picture for this item correct?
Does anyone know the weight of each crunchie?
Which seller did you trust when you ordered the case of 24 Crunchie bars? I ordered from one seller but I never received it after 2 months
Does this contain GMO's?
How best to prepare this? Are directions accurate? Mix in peas/carrots/mushrooms?
We have this at the grocery store so I can try it before I get a case. Is it chewy like most brown? I don't like that.
is royal blend whole grain rice gluten free
Does this sauce contain gluten or MSG?
How much sodium per tsp?
How accurate is the expiration date
"does this need to be refrigerated after opening, how long will it last after opening, thanks"
What country is this from?
Is this good sauce for salmon?
Are the bottles plastic or glass?
what is the sodium content
some products say additive free but contain additive to conduct the free flow of salt any info re this issue
Has anyone made a brine with this for fermentation? Does it work well or does lack of processing introduce concerns?
Is there natural iodine in this sea salt?
Where is it made
Does this salt have any iodine in it?
Does this salt have any iodine in it?
Is this salt sun-dried?
how long will it stay good after opening??
lowest sodium amount
can you use it in a regular shaker, or will it clog up due to moisture (we live in Hawaii)?
how many grams of protein, carbohydrates and fat in each cookie?
I am looking for "vegan" cookies. These are listed as "vegan" but the ingredient list clearly says it has "Egg Whites" in the cookies. So how can they be called "vegan" ?
what is the length, width and height of this pack of 12?
I'm on a clear liquid diet and will have to be a few more times in the future. Are the drops clear or colored?
Sweetleaf Toffee Stevia: It's ok, but how much do you use to get some flavor?
Where is this product from? China?
what is it used for?
does sweetleaf stevia, any of them, have msg in them?
Does it have any cocoa in it?
What are the "natural flavors?"Does it contain soy, gluten, casein, corn, nuts, peanuts, or any other common allergens?Please disclose the ingredients
Is this vegan?
Are these actually hard candy?. I have found Gingins in a health food store but they are chewy, like a soft toffee and quite difficult to open.
Larger than 3oz?
How many chews are in this package?
How many calories?
How many calories?
What is the current expiration date? Thank you.
What is the expiration date for these? Thank you.
can I use the gingerbread cookie mix to make cake?
What is expiration date?
gingerbread houses
How to convert cookie mix into gingerbread
How much sugar does it have?
I am getting conflicting info in the Q &amp; A. Does this product contain any milk?
What are the nutrients and ingredients? Caloric break down?
what is the sugar content
How many servings are in the container?
is this product gluten free? i am looking for a gluten free spiruteen product
Is this vegan?
has anyone lost weight
how fresh are these can versus the ones found in stores?
Why isn't nutritional content, ingredients and number of servings listed for these products?
Hard or Soft? Are these bars hard and crunchy or are they soft and chewy?
What are some thoughts on the ginger snap? And the carrot cake?
What is the expiration date of the items you ship to me?
Are all the flavors of Larabar non-GMO?
what is the "use by" date?
Are Larabars considered a "raw" food?
What is your favorite Larabar flavor? What's your favorite?
IS IT LOW CARB
What does "good source of fiber" mean? Can anyone make thie subjective claim an objective one by providing the actual number of grams of fiber per bar?
Are these "vegan" ? do they have egg? Do they have Dairy products ?
Hard or Soft? Are these bars hard and crunchy or are they soft and chewy?
What are some thoughts on the ginger snap? And the carrot cake?
What is the expiration date of the items you ship to me?
Are all the flavors of Larabar non-GMO?
what is the "use by" date?
Are Larabars considered a "raw" food?
What is your favorite Larabar flavor? What's your favorite?
IS IT LOW CARB
What does "good source of fiber" mean? Can anyone make thie subjective claim an objective one by providing the actual number of grams of fiber per bar?
Are these "vegan" ? do they have egg? Do they have Dairy products ?
Hard or Soft? Are these bars hard and crunchy or are they soft and chewy?
What are some thoughts on the ginger snap? And the carrot cake?
What is the expiration date of the items you ship to me?
Are all the flavors of Larabar non-GMO?
what is the "use by" date?
Are Larabars considered a "raw" food?
What is your favorite Larabar flavor? What's your favorite?
IS IT LOW CARB
What does "good source of fiber" mean? Can anyone make thie subjective claim an objective one by providing the actual number of grams of fiber per bar?
Are these "vegan" ? do they have egg? Do they have Dairy products ?
Hard or Soft? Are these bars hard and crunchy or are they soft and chewy?
What are some thoughts on the ginger snap? And the carrot cake?
What is the expiration date of the items you ship to me?
Are all the flavors of Larabar non-GMO?
what is the "use by" date?
Are Larabars considered a "raw" food?
What is your favorite Larabar flavor? What's your favorite?
IS IT LOW CARB
What does "good source of fiber" mean? Can anyone make thie subjective claim an objective one by providing the actual number of grams of fiber per bar?
Are these "vegan" ? do they have egg? Do they have Dairy products ?
Hard or Soft? Are these bars hard and crunchy or are they soft and chewy?
What are some thoughts on the ginger snap? And the carrot cake?
What is the expiration date of the items you ship to me?
Are all the flavors of Larabar non-GMO?
what is the "use by" date?
Are Larabars considered a "raw" food?
What is your favorite Larabar flavor? What's your favorite?
IS IT LOW CARB
What does "good source of fiber" mean? Can anyone make thie subjective claim an objective one by providing the actual number of grams of fiber per bar?
Are these "vegan" ? do they have egg? Do they have Dairy products ?
I just purchased the yogurt maker and am confused. Why is using the homemade batch as the new starter a no-no?
My batch was watery. Any suggestions for next time? Thanks.
Is there expiration date of the starter?
are there preservatives such as sulfites in the starter?
Is this Kosher?
How many packets do you get in this purchase?
What cultures are present in the yogurt starter- I need a product without bifidus. Thanks!
Can you lease the machine at 110 degress for 24 hours?
Do you know specifically which bacteria strains are in this culture?
Is this product dairy-free
expiration date oncup a soup--cream of chicken
Pack of 12, 4 count. Is that 48 pouches?
Your ingredient label is wrong. the packages i got contain coconut oil not soybean oil. could you please put the correct ingredient list on amazon?
Are any of these gluten free
hi, what is the expiration date on this product??
I do not see on picture of box that it is gluten free, yet it is in the gluten free page
If it doesn't say "BAKED" on the package, should I assume that the chips have been fried?
How large is the box these come in? I'm shipping to a pouch address with size restrictions.
How much sodium per serving and what is the serving size?
What is the expiration date on the chips if you order them now? I would like to get them for hotel wedding favor bags in March 2015.
Is it possible to find out the expiration date?
The picture shows pretzels--I just want to make sure it is indeed Sesame Blues. thanks.
Why do the ingredients say "Chocolate"??!
The description says free shipping but on chekout it is not offered. ??? Is it free or not?
The flavor listed as "Blue, Salted" shows "Red Hot Blues" in the picture... Wanted to verify I will in fact receive Red Hot Blues if I place an order.. Please Advise..
If it doesn't say "BAKED" on the package, should I assume that the chips have been fried?
How large is the box these come in? I'm shipping to a pouch address with size restrictions.
How much sodium per serving and what is the serving size?
What is the expiration date on the chips if you order them now? I would like to get them for hotel wedding favor bags in March 2015.
Is it possible to find out the expiration date?
The picture shows pretzels--I just want to make sure it is indeed Sesame Blues. thanks.
Why do the ingredients say "Chocolate"??!
The description says free shipping but on chekout it is not offered. ??? Is it free or not?
The flavor listed as "Blue, Salted" shows "Red Hot Blues" in the picture... Wanted to verify I will in fact receive Red Hot Blues if I place an order.. Please Advise..
If it doesn't say "BAKED" on the package, should I assume that the chips have been fried?
How large is the box these come in? I'm shipping to a pouch address with size restrictions.
How much sodium per serving and what is the serving size?
What is the expiration date on the chips if you order them now? I would like to get them for hotel wedding favor bags in March 2015.
Is it possible to find out the expiration date?
The picture shows pretzels--I just want to make sure it is indeed Sesame Blues. thanks.
Why do the ingredients say "Chocolate"??!
The description says free shipping but on chekout it is not offered. ??? Is it free or not?
The flavor listed as "Blue, Salted" shows "Red Hot Blues" in the picture... Wanted to verify I will in fact receive Red Hot Blues if I place an order.. Please Advise..
Is the one ounce bag a serving size with 15 carbs?
what is the sodium content?
Are these packaged in their own Terra Chips box or as a bag that gets thrown in with other items?
What is the current expiration date?
How are these chips cooked?
are these gmo free?
Could you please tell me the current expiration date?
If it doesn't say "BAKED" on the package, should I assume that the chips have been fried?
How large is the box these come in? I'm shipping to a pouch address with size restrictions.
How much sodium per serving and what is the serving size?
What is the expiration date on the chips if you order them now? I would like to get them for hotel wedding favor bags in March 2015.
Is it possible to find out the expiration date?
The picture shows pretzels--I just want to make sure it is indeed Sesame Blues. thanks.
Why do the ingredients say "Chocolate"??!
The description says free shipping but on chekout it is not offered. ??? Is it free or not?
The flavor listed as "Blue, Salted" shows "Red Hot Blues" in the picture... Wanted to verify I will in fact receive Red Hot Blues if I place an order.. Please Advise..
Are these chips hard or more like regular chips(Lays, doritos, etc.)?
are these organic?
Are these chips baked or fried?
What is the sodium count?
Do they taste like regular potato chips? or is it something extraordinary because they are blue :-)?
If it doesn't say "BAKED" on the package, should I assume that the chips have been fried?
How large is the box these come in? I'm shipping to a pouch address with size restrictions.
How much sodium per serving and what is the serving size?
What is the expiration date on the chips if you order them now? I would like to get them for hotel wedding favor bags in March 2015.
Is it possible to find out the expiration date?
The picture shows pretzels--I just want to make sure it is indeed Sesame Blues. thanks.
Why do the ingredients say "Chocolate"??!
The description says free shipping but on chekout it is not offered. ??? Is it free or not?
The flavor listed as "Blue, Salted" shows "Red Hot Blues" in the picture... Wanted to verify I will in fact receive Red Hot Blues if I place an order.. Please Advise..
If it doesn't say "BAKED" on the package, should I assume that the chips have been fried?
How large is the box these come in? I'm shipping to a pouch address with size restrictions.
How much sodium per serving and what is the serving size?
What is the expiration date on the chips if you order them now? I would like to get them for hotel wedding favor bags in March 2015.
Is it possible to find out the expiration date?
The picture shows pretzels--I just want to make sure it is indeed Sesame Blues. thanks.
Why do the ingredients say "Chocolate"??!
The description says free shipping but on chekout it is not offered. ??? Is it free or not?
The flavor listed as "Blue, Salted" shows "Red Hot Blues" in the picture... Wanted to verify I will in fact receive Red Hot Blues if I place an order.. Please Advise..
If it doesn't say "BAKED" on the package, should I assume that the chips have been fried?
How large is the box these come in? I'm shipping to a pouch address with size restrictions.
How much sodium per serving and what is the serving size?
What is the expiration date on the chips if you order them now? I would like to get them for hotel wedding favor bags in March 2015.
Is it possible to find out the expiration date?
The picture shows pretzels--I just want to make sure it is indeed Sesame Blues. thanks.
Why do the ingredients say "Chocolate"??!
The description says free shipping but on chekout it is not offered. ??? Is it free or not?
The flavor listed as "Blue, Salted" shows "Red Hot Blues" in the picture... Wanted to verify I will in fact receive Red Hot Blues if I place an order.. Please Advise..
Is this fit for four month old baby?
I want to know expiration date?I want to know the date of manufacture
If I buy it now,What's the Expiration Date?
Does this easily mix with milk or formula?
I bought it in March,buy the best when used by 04APR15. So What's the Expiration Date?
What's the Expiration Date?
There are 2 different picture with the ingredients. which one are you shipping ?
what is the expire date for this product?
This is a section of the Rice noodles? Is for four months after the baby to eat?
I want to know the expiration date before I purchase it.
where is it made /
Will it mix in cold water?
Why is frustration-free packaging more expensive than standard?
what is the shelf life?
what process it goes through in order to make the coffee? is it pure coffee without additives?
I used to drink Roma Kaffree that I purchased many times on Amazon, 3 for 21.99. Now the price is more than doubled. Is cafix close to Roma?
Does it give you energy or any kind of boost?
Is this a Gluten Free Product?
How do you prepare this? Do you need a coffee maker?
How many servings are in a 7.05oz package?
What's the difference between the red label and green label. I see the ingredients are a bit different; how does taste differ between them?
OK, this may be a silly question, but are these plump, as stated? I just received some from another Amazon seller and they look pretty skinny.
Minor question: if you're using the whole bean, do you need to wash it first, or would this remove some of the (desirable) oils?
What grade are the beans? Thanks!
Can I storage the vanilla beans, for how long and where?
I want to make large batches of vanilla, how many beans do you think it would take for a fifth or half gallon of vodka? thanks
How long does it take to receive order?
This says free shipping, but when I add it to my shopping cart, the shipping is NOT free. What's up with that?
how to store them?
Why when I received my order, were the beans extremely wet and tasted pickled?
Hello! Prompt please, send the parcels you to the Russian Federation?
What is the ratio of chocolate to panther?
Bought this and find it superior to others I've tried. Is this dutch process? Read where dutch process reduces amount of healthy flavanoids?
Where can I access an ingredients list for this bar and other products? The producing company does not offer this information on their wesite.
Are these fair trade?
How many squares pieces per bar?
Where is the chocolate really from? Says it's made in the U.S.
How many grams of caffeine are in this bar?
i need to know if the ingredients are organic as soy is gmo...endangered species wolf bites. why not use stevia instead of sugar?
The reviews mention organic but I don't see "organic" on the images of the wrappers shown here.
what is the length, width, and height of this 12pk?
I cannot tolerate SUGARS of any kind. Doesn't ANYONE make a SUGAR-FREE, GLUTEN-FREE breadmix???
yeast free
Has anyone tried both the Glutino bread mix and the King Arthur (GF) bread mix? If so, how do they compare?
Why does this bread keep falling apart on me , how do I fix this recipe to not keep flaking apart on me
Is this product also tree-nut free?
can this product be used for "by hand" baking?
is this organic
When they say "moist and dense" is it wetter than regular store bought sandwich bread like Arnold?
Is this GMO free?
How many loaves does this box make?
This new box, purchased Feb. 2015, has Acacia Gum, NOT Guar Gum. Is this the new replacement for Guar and Xanthan Gums?
What is the shelf life of unopened all-purpose flour past the last date of sale?
Can this be used as subsitute cup by cup for regular flour without adding anything else?
What is this flour made from.
is this organic?
How many quick dinner rolls does the recipe on back of box(all-purpose flour) make?
Some one who bought these please answer: Does the real product say made in turkey on the back? Thanks
Source of Gelatine: So is this Cola candy on Amazon which states Made in Turkey Halal or No ?????
What country are these made in? Can somebody please let me know what country these cola's are made in.
Have aliens tested the bears given the warning on the packet about the gastrointestinal consequences of eating a product not of the earth?
Are these made in Germany or Turkey/Spain?
Is the 5-Pound bag made in Turkey or made in Germany
I was wondering if these are Kosher.... anyone?
Will eating the entire bag in one sitting give you an exorcism?
Are these made in a nut free facility?
Hi, you can't send this to Poland? :(
Is this made in Turkey?
Is the 5-Pound bag made in Turkey or made in Germany
how many gummy bears are in this bag? have you tried from them frozen?!?!?!
Does anyone know where Arrowhead Mills sources their brown rice? I'm concerned with the amounts of arsenic in rice products from certain regions. TY.
Is this soft enough for a 10 month old to eat?
what is the shelf life, please ?
Can you use this cereal in recipes that call for Rice Krispies?
recipes for puffed rice?
are these vegan/vegetarian friendly?
Is this really 12 - 5 pound bags of gummy bears for only - $15.54 ?
Is this made in Germany or Turkey?
sugar free gummy bears
Does the package indicate manufactured in Germany?
What is the difference between harbio gummy candy and gummy bears ?
Mine don't seem to be very dry. Anyone else have this problem?
How many whole chilies does this equal to?
What is the average size of these peppers?
Would someone mind posting all the ingred's in the order they're listed? Trying to find lower-sodium items... Thanks!
Can I get an ingredients list from somone please. Is there any soy, dairy or gluten in this? Thanks!
serving size please and what is the sodium level per serving? Thank You!
Are these trays BPA free?
Is this dishwasher safe?
Does the kit come with a bottom water reservoir? And does it come with a top lid? if not that seems very odd for the price not to be a complete kit.
Are these trays white? On the Sproutpeople (sproutmaster) website they are gray.
How do you rinse the sprouts?
What is the size of the tray? length and width?
Is this the mini sprout master or the larger one?
How many (total) lids/bases/divders come this triple sprouter? Is it a set of each for each tray?
what are the dimensions?
Where are these manufacturered
Does this contain MSG?
Do I need brown sugar to mix with this? Or could you please share your recipes?
is chicken pultry rub kosher
Heard this is the seasoning used at walmart for their rotisserie chickens. Does it taste similar?
Has anyone used this when smoking chicken legs?
Sweet Rice, aka Glutinous Rice, does not traditionally contain gluten and is a gluten free product, does this brand really contain gluten?
The bag I received says Thai Jasmin Rice, but then a seperate label says "New - Thai Sticky Ri", isn't Jasmin and sticky rice 2 different things?
Hey! So I do art/writing on rice and I want to find the WHITEST and least transparent rice there is. Is this rice completely opaque? (Basmati is not)
does the bag have nutrtion label i.e. calories, sugar, carbs, fiber etc
May I ask I ordered some of this rice, but is there a other high glutinous rices that are great for steaming/rolling. As in what breeds/brands.
Has anyone used this rice with a rice mold?
How Fresh is this rice?
Is this the type of rice used for the dessert dish sticky rice with mango ?
Does this rice need to be washed and/or soaked before using. I am planning to form the rice into balls rolled in a pork mixture and then steamed.
How much rice to how much water in a rice cooker. My rice did not come with any instrucrtions at all!
Best crackers for this sauce? Any suggestions on crackers to use - Ritz, water, wheat thins, etc?
How long will unopened jar last
good on meatballs?
Looking for good gumballs that do not get harder as you chew. Any suggestions?
Will these work in a "Classic Dubble Bubble Gumball Coin Bank"?
In what country are these manufactured?
are these kosher?
Do they contain aspartame as a sweetner?
about how many gum balls does this container have?
sugar free?
What size are the gumballs? 1 inch? 1/2 inch?
can it be grind to make a flour ?
Has the coconut oil been removed from this shredded coconut?
I don' see a NON-GMO label anywhere... Very disappointing...
I see reviews that say this isn't "shredded'" What gives?
Is it non-hydrogenated and non-GMO?
How far away is the expiration date?
Can you make coconut milk from this? How? We love coconut milk, but cannot find any at the store that does't have carageenan and guar gum in it.
how does this taste by itself? is it sweet to the taste?
is this made in a facility with wheat or gluten of any kind like bobs red mill?
Is this product labeled for cross contamination during the manufacturing process? Is it processed on equipment that processes peanuts or treenuts?
How many calories in each lollipop?
How many lollipops? How many lollipops do you get in 5 pounds?
Where are these made and do they have HFCS? Thanks
lost my lolly pop person (,charms super blow pops) CHERRY,STRAWBERRY please help me
Are they the same formula and taste as the ones in Spain? specially the strawberry-cream?
is the chupa chups standard size or are these the mini ones?
Under the "product features" it says there are "no artificial flavors." But the third ingredient in the list of ingredients is "artificial flavor." ??
is there sweetner in the tea
So ... which, if any, of the new products taste the same as the old Sweet &amp; Spicy Caffeine-Free they used to sell before Tata?
I can not find any nutrition information on the box. How many calories for tea bag?
Is this tea in the orange and white box?? Other sellers are adverising this one but doing a bait and switch by shipping the purple packaged tea.
I want to purchase Good Earth Sweet and Spicy Tea in rather large amount for a gift for a friend in Winnipeg, Canada, can you send it to her as a gift
What is the "natural flavor" listed on the box?
where can I buy good sweet spicy organic tea ? s.f. ca.
How is the sugar free Peppermint Paddy different from the sugar free Peppermint?
I want this for coffee, I love CoffeeMates Peppermint Mocha creamer. But, since that is a seasonal product I wanted to find something to replace it. My question is, would this be a comparable substitution and since it is green would it make the coffee...
Does it come with a pump or do I need to buy that separately?
Does this product contain Yellow 6?
How much caffeine does it contain?
What are the ingredients on the packaging?
is there any dye in this tea?
Dose it come frozen or chilled or was it frozen then thawed?
11 pounds?? How old is this Lamd? It sounds Like a Leg of Mutton to me (over a year old) I know how to cook that and enjoy it but thats very diffent.
How long was it cooled?
Hello, Do you ship to Brazil?
Do you ship to Hawaii. .??
How many cookies are in each pack?
Is this flour milled about as fine as wheat flour?
Are the plantains used to make flour ripe or unripe/green?
Where are the plantains grown?
Is this true plantain flour or banana flour?
How does this product compare with the Wedo product. Which is the better RS-2 factor?
Is this a resistant starch?
Why is it not part of the free shipping? $7 to ship a $3 item is kind of ridiculous, and my other Barry Farms items qualify for free shipping
is this price ($65.50 for 1 pound) a joke?
What is the ingredient of this product?
Nutritional Info: Why do I never see nutritional information for foods sold on Amazon?
Are these organic or made with GMO grains?
Please post the nutrition info. Thanks
Why are they called digestives? No explanation in any comments so far.
can you tell me how many cookies are in a pack
are these from England?
I just opened a box of Carr's entertainment cracker collection &amp; one has sweet meal digestive cracker stamped on it. Is it the same taste as McVittie'
How do these compare to the Nabisco Milk Lunch Cracker? They seem to have the same ingredients.
what are the ingredients?
What does "Cultured Kimmed Milk" mean? Should that read "Skimmed" ??
how fresh is this? would like to know best used by when
Does the color of unbleached have an effect on baking time or cause burning on bottoms compared to using white parchment?
How many sq feet does this come out to in total, with all the 12 boxes included?
What is the size of this pro-cut paper??
what is the size of a sheet?
are they these olives raw?
If I order a bag or two of these, how long can it last in the refrigerator, opened and unopened?
are they pitted?
what are the ingredients?
Does anyone have any recipes for a single person wanting to make vegetable soup for one with this? I'm a vegetarian preferably vegan recipe
Candida concern re the yeast - isn't the first ingredient the largest amount of all listed ingredients? Isn't this a no-no for Candida people?
why has the sodium content gone from 54 mg to 430 mg? A bad move
Does it contain iodine? I need it for my thyroid and and since it has sodium I'm hoping it's in there.
What are the ingredients in King Leo Soft Peppermint Stick Candy?
how long will a can be good...expiration date?
I want to make chocolate dipped peppermint sticks as Christmas gifts. Will these "soft" peppermint sticks hold up when dipped in melted chocolate?
how long are the stick I want to use them as a stirrer for hot chocolate
Are these the soft sticks that you can stick in a lemon or orange and suck the juice through?
What is the diameter of the sticks?
Can I mix and bake this bread in a regular oven instead of a bread machine?
Will this bread rise on its own or do I need to add yeast?
I like to know how much sugar,total carb and fiber
can i add raisins
is this product 9 grain bread mix gluten free
Does the expiration date of the packages allow you to make these in a reasonable time frame?
Can this be used in a 1-lb bread machine?
What size bread machine do I need? Mini 1 lb loaf? Reg 1 1/2 -2 lb machine?
What size is the finished loaf, 1 lb. or 1.5 lb.?
Is this bread mix also soy free?
does it come with a yeast packet?
What percentage of whole wheat is this ? Anyone know? It is not 100% WW as ingredients say white flour too, so ? Thanks!
what is the shelf life?
Carbs per serving?
is it grainy like bran?
Picture does not have the word "soy", but title has "soy". Does it have soy ?
Do you really get 6 18oz boxes for $10? This seems too good to be true!
are these the lightly salted ones?
Are these crackers organic?
Do these rice cakes freeze well?
What is the best by date on the Rice Thins
Similar cracker -- brown rice only ingredient -- from Shinhwa of Korea 4.9 oz bag claims 28 g. of their product has 36 calories. Low balling?
are there any animal product ? and how many calories?
how many servings per packet ?
What is the sodium content of soups?
If you cook more than one package at a time, do you adjusst the cooking time and by how much.
how many calories?
Are these NO SALT or just LOW SALT? What is the Sodium content of these sardines, please?
are these processed in Portugal or Morocco? thanks!
How does one know before ordering which are processed in Portugal and which are processed in Morocco?
Does anyone know whether the can is lined with BPA, or not?
How many g or mg of omega 3 does this have?
Are these cans bpa free
Are these meant for meal replacements or healthy snacks for dieters?
how do I find the % of protein, carbs, sugar, etc in each bar?
Calories? Yes, it looks good, and is dairy-free, but how many calories does it provide?
how big is the bar? I'm planning to use it for 50 calorie snacks throughout the day.
After opening the package, I noticed the bar has several areas with a white coating. Is it something expected from ingredient or should I be worried?
What is the sugar %
how big are they...I see how much they weigh, but could you eat these in 1 or two bites?
are there any soy products in these bars?
Is there any added sugar?
how much protein per par?
Are these meant for meal replacements or healthy snacks for dieters?
how do I find the % of protein, carbs, sugar, etc in each bar?
Calories? Yes, it looks good, and is dairy-free, but how many calories does it provide?
how big is the bar? I'm planning to use it for 50 calorie snacks throughout the day.
After opening the package, I noticed the bar has several areas with a white coating. Is it something expected from ingredient or should I be worried?
What is the sugar %
how big are they...I see how much they weigh, but could you eat these in 1 or two bites?
are there any soy products in these bars?
Is there any added sugar?
how much protein per par?
If I purchase now, what is the expiration date? I need these for a party in January so I want to make sure they will be good until then.
The 1 oz. bag has a calorie count of 130 so how does the 1/2 oz. have the same calorie count???
What are the dimensions of the individual bags?
If I order these now, what will the expiration date be? I need a box for a party in May...should I wait to order?
Does it have caffeine in it?
What is the total carbohydrate count?
WHAT IS IN THE TEABAG?
Is this model stove safe?
can the teapot be put on a stove or teapot warmer?
Are your gift recipients truthful when they thank you? My mother, to whom I sent this gift, said the "flower" was ugly and the tea "tasteless."
How long does it take for flowers to blossom?
Is the bamboo chest vegan?
Is the tea pot made from lead and chemical free glass? Thanks!
Are the flowering teas caffeine free
is the box reusable?
I am interested in sending this item as business gifts for clients. Can you handle volume orders? I would like to speak to you directly if possible.
do the teas contain caffeine?
Does this contain soy sauce?
What is the sodium content per serving?
Is this product: Produced in a facility that processes dairy or any other animal byproducts?
Does this contain peanuts in any form&gt;
what are the calories?
Why the price for 16 oz has risen too much? almost 100% Unbelievable!
Is this red, black or cream maca? Or is it a mixture?
do you get 2 16oz pouches?
Has anyone seen an increased libido using this?
How does this taste?
Hello, has anyone got rash by using this powder?
Does maca actually increase female curves? How long does it take to see the effects?
Does Navitas inform you of which Maca this is: red, black, or cream maca root, or a mix of the three?
How many 16 ounce packages does this order contain?
why does label state gluten free but the description states it has wheat (which is a gluten grain)?
How many grams of sugar are in this?
I'm confused. Why does it say "gluten free" if it not only contains oats but rye and barley as well? Very misleading
is this certified organic?
What exactly is "NATURAL FLAVORS"? I tend to classify this with MSG.
is this 6 boxes with 8 packets per box
what is the caffiene content?
What's the difference between Swiss Miss Hot Cocoa-no sugar added and Swiss Miss Hot chocolate-no sugar added?
I read the various comments. What IS the sugar count?
How many servings are in one can?
what is the actual mg of sodium per serving?
how much is carb value?
10 calorie cocoa mix: Does anyone know anything about the 10 calorie swiss miss packets.
What is it sweetened with? What is it sweetened with?
is this 6 boxes with 8 packets per box
what is the caffiene content?
What's the difference between Swiss Miss Hot Cocoa-no sugar added and Swiss Miss Hot chocolate-no sugar added?
I read the various comments. What IS the sugar count?
How many servings are in one can?
what is the actual mg of sodium per serving?
how much is carb value?
10 calorie cocoa mix: Does anyone know anything about the 10 calorie swiss miss packets.
What is it sweetened with? What is it sweetened with?
is this 6 boxes with 8 packets per box
what is the caffiene content?
What's the difference between Swiss Miss Hot Cocoa-no sugar added and Swiss Miss Hot chocolate-no sugar added?
I read the various comments. What IS the sugar count?
How many servings are in one can?
what is the actual mg of sodium per serving?
how much is carb value?
10 calorie cocoa mix: Does anyone know anything about the 10 calorie swiss miss packets.
What is it sweetened with? What is it sweetened with?
is this 6 boxes with 8 packets per box
what is the caffiene content?
What's the difference between Swiss Miss Hot Cocoa-no sugar added and Swiss Miss Hot chocolate-no sugar added?
I read the various comments. What IS the sugar count?
How many servings are in one can?
what is the actual mg of sodium per serving?
how much is carb value?
10 calorie cocoa mix: Does anyone know anything about the 10 calorie swiss miss packets.
What is it sweetened with? What is it sweetened with?
what is the shelf life unopened?
Are these NON-GMO?
I'm thinking about leaving my trail stove behind on a backpacking trip. Can I make these with lukewarm to cold water, or do I have to have hot water?
Are these gluten free?
Are these "flip-top" cans, or do you need a can opener? TIA.
The sodium content says 11% per serving. I wonder if that includes the salt in the water or just in the meat?
how long on the expiration of product
how many calories
Is the rice sticky? Like asian rice?
is it kosher
Is the expiration labeled?
So manufacturer didn't add any preservative ingredients? Just wondering how it is possible?
Does this rice have "Yeast" in it?
Is this rice from USA?
Has anyone tried these? Have anyone tried them?
Where is your rice grown?
What is the shelf life? I'll be the only one eating it (probably 2-4 times a week) so I would need it to last at least a month.
Is this suitable for Vegetarians and Vegans?
Does this have to be cooked in a rice cooker, or can it be done on the stove?
Is this made in Japan or in the US ?
how long can one pack last for you?
Where is the expiration date on the sushi rice bag?
is it good for making onigiri?
Is this rice organic?
This product page has the 5 lb bag of Kokuho Rose sushi rice. Are there Amz links to bigger bags? The names aren't the same.
Does the Mini Triple come w/the tray dividers, to grow up to 2 different sprout types in each tray?
Are there instructions included? I am wondering how many seeds should be placed per tray.
What are the dimensions?
Will this work in the deep south of Texas where everything gets Moldy quick if not in the fridge?
What type of plastic is the sprout master made from? #1, #5?
I buy these snap pea crisps at wal mart for 1.34 a bag and that totals 16.08 so why would I order them from you and pay so much more plus shipping?
Hi, would you consider to ship it to UK and if yes, how much would be the cost? Thank you
When will you add newer flavors? Black Pepper and Wasabi.....
Regards to GMOs... your site states " We recently made the decision to source non-GMO..." will the package I order off Amazon be a non-GMO product?
bring them back! Waaah why are they unavailable?
I buy these snap pea crisps at wal mart for 1.34 a bag and that totals 16.08 so why would I order them from you and pay so much more plus shipping?
Hi, would you consider to ship it to UK and if yes, how much would be the cost? Thank you
When will you add newer flavors? Black Pepper and Wasabi.....
Regards to GMOs... your site states " We recently made the decision to source non-GMO..." will the package I order off Amazon be a non-GMO product?
bring them back! Waaah why are they unavailable?
I am looking for 275 bars for an event in two weeks. can you supply that much and ship in that amount of time?
Does the Bars have the MARS lable on them and how long would it take for them to get here?
When is the expiration date?
I bought a Mars Candy Bar from a European Store. Can you please tell me if I order from you, will I be receiving the same candy bar? It was the best.
I understand that a popular thing in England is the deep fried Mars bar. If you've had one of those, is it the same Mars bar sold here?
Will mixing the yellow and blue result in a true green? I am concerned since the picture of the "blue" dye appears to contain a gray/purple hue.
Hi, I wanted to DIY edible paint for my daughter to play with. Would like to know if the color can be easily washed off with water after play?
All I want to do is differentiate between capsules which I fill with a three different semi-liquid supplements of the same color. Will these work?
can you achieve a true red, or does the red color only result in a pink frosting?
Do they change the taste of cake frosting?
Where is the glycerin derived? Corn? Tapioca?
Can these be used to dye Easter Eggs? If so, any tips?
could I use these to dye fabric?
I have bought these in the past but I am not sure how I would achieve the Violet color?
Are the beets non gmo?
Expiration date?
where is the current expiration date 2014?
this bounty comes 24 count stick bars or 12 bars? because each one has two pice in them .
do you get 2 50oz bags and about how many mints are in each bag?
are they individually wrapped mints??
Is the individual wrapping clear?
need to verify you get to 50oz bags for 16.29!
Need to confirm....2 - 50 ounce bags for $16.29??
is it halal? please let me know before i purchse it thru AMAZON
HOW MANY MINTS ARE IN EACH IN EACH BAG
Can I heated in hot water?...
Are the toddler meals containers microwave safe
Can I heated in hot water?...
What's the exp. date for Strawberry &amp; Apple Puffs?
what is the shelf life of the time?
so the price $11.16 is for 6 package (only one flavor)?
What's the expire date for strawberry?
can you tell me the expiration of the food? thanks!
What is the country of origin for this product?
when is expire date each box?
What is the expiration date?
what is the difference between the blue label vs the green label of thee genuine pickles??
Does this have any sugar/sweetners in it?
how does product differ from the 6 unit pack?
Can you use this in herbal tea to add a licorice flavor?
Can this oil be used to flavor water? Thank you.
Is this real Anise Oil or is it Star Anise Oil?
Are you to have more of LorAnn Natural Flavoring Oil, Natural Anise Oil, 1 ounce, before Thanksgiving? Amazon indicates there are 2 but told me 0.
Please tell me how much, what measurement of this oil you would use in one recipe of biscottik. Thankyou so much.
Would this work for making licorice flavored caramels?
The ingredient list contains "natural anise oil." Can anyone tell me what that is exactly? Is it anise essential oil? Is it an infused oil?
Some of the Maldon options on Amazon are for Sea Salt, and others are listed as Sea Salt Flakes. Is there a difference between the two?
can you use salt grinder with this salt
I see this green and white checkered box, but I also see another 2 pck with a different box that is more expensive. What is the difference?
Do you receive 8.7 ounces or 17.4 ounces of salt?
What is the shipping charge?
Will this work in a coffee press or is it ground too fine?
Has anyone tried using this in Keurig reuseable pods ?
how do I prepare the caf&eacute; du monde coffee and chicory? just like regular brewed coffee?
Is this offer actually 2 15oz cans?
Do you have decaf?
today is Feb 22, 2015, what is the experation date on this two can offer NOW, thank you
can you ship to Alberta Canada?
I want to make a big order on the coffee. I just wonder what will the expiration date be?
Is each can in your offer for 2 (two) cans of Cafe Du Monde for $5.50, a 15oz can? What is expiration date? What is total $ for 4,15oz cans?
Is this an instant coffee?
how big are these? I need the size.
how big are these? I need the size.Sophia
What is the minimum time these need to bake
Suitable for Induction? Would you recommend this product for the induction stage, or is it something that would mess up your ketosis?
how many carbs in pancakes made with carbquik?
How many carbs are there in a serving size? How much is a serving size?
Can you use this mix to make pie crusts?
What about dumplings I always used bis quick for these
Why there is no expiration or use befor date on the box.? How can we know? Thank you
Do you just add water?, or do you have to add other thing like milk, eggs, ect....
Has anyone used this mix to make tamales?
Has anyone made coffee cake from this?
Can you use this for frying (chicken, chops, etc) like you would flour but without the carbs?
How many calories per serving?
How many pancakes or waffles does this one package make?
Do you just add water?, or do you have to add other things like milk, eggs?.
What are the ingredients???
Is this product gluten free?
is this organic edamame? Cause most of the soy grown in this country are genetically modified.
From the moment it arrived to you , how close is the expiration date? Can I keep it in my shelf for a couple of months or more? Thank you
Are the edamame roasted in oil? If so what kind?
Are these beans fermented?
what is the sodium content per oz.
What are the different flavors that come?
Is it 24 bags
It seems that a lot of people have been able to get the Ass Blaster hot sauce including the wooden outhouse. How is it that I bought it and just got the sauce (and the shaft as I didn't get the outhouse)? This was supposed to be a Christmas gift for my...
It says 'ask owners' OK I asked once, and only got replys from others,thank-you for that. Does it come w/a wooden box!!?
Lots of reviews,about the outhouse......Just tell the truth...very own wooden outhouse....Does it come with it or not if Not don't adverttise it..I wo
Does the Bottle come with the Outhouse?
Do these taste anything like Zapps Chips?
How many calories in a serving and what is the size of a serving?
What's the ingredients? Is there maltdexion in it? They try to sneak that crap in
The last 2 times I ordered this, it was thin and had a metallic taste (awful). Used to be very good. Anybody had good experience lately?
Can I oreder 2 more borttles and get free shipping?
sugar in the ingredients?
is the bottel plastic or glass?
How much is in the bottle in ml?
Do these really look like they are pictured? The last time I bought dried pears, they were shrunken and a nasty brown color - - UGHHH!
What type of packaging do the dried pears arrive in?
has sugar been added to this product? #the pears or the peaches...
What's the expiration date on the Asiago &amp; Cheddar 4.5 oz box case of 12?
availibility
What is the shelf life of these rice cakes?
From what country to you get rice to make your rice cakes?
Are they dairy, corn, poteto and soy free too?
How many cakes are in a package? Are they processed by equipment used in making other grain products?
Has anyone seen a "keeper" for these crackers -- like the ones for regular sized crackers?
is it kosher
How many Calories per rice cake?
I like wild rice but not brown. I find it too chewy and it tastes a little funny. I don't even like the stuff at Chipotle. Is this any better?
any Zojirushi users try this? if so, did you use gaba,brown, mix or white rice setting?
Is this Organic and Non-GMO?
where does this rice come from?
Is it possible to sprout this rice?
just double checking...this is 6 bags --each bag is 16oz....correct?
What is the average shelf life on this product?
Since it takes more than twice as long as white rice to cook, how much water should I use when I make it in my (cheap) rice cooker?
are the plastic jars BPA &amp; phlalate free? what is the recycle number on plastic jar? Please answer thank you
Okay is it Virgin or EXTRA virgin? There is a difference! It says I've bought this before(same#), but mine says EXTRA. Please help
How to find experation date?
Can this be used as a daily/night moisturizer by itself? What about protection from the sun?
If you bought the 54 ounce jar, how well was it packed? Did it arrive without leakage? Thanks
What is the Lauric Acid percentage &amp; the medium chain fatty acids percentage of this coconut oil please??
can you use this product as a topical body oil
can this oil be used for hair treatment?
Has anyone used this as a sunscreen?
Is this really 54 oz or 29 oz like it shows in the picture?
What is the percentage of alcohol??
Does nielsen massey vanilla arrive in plastic bottle or glass? is the lid of the bottle plastic or metal? why won't amazon show a detailed photo of
Do I get two 4 ounce bottles, or one 8 ounce bottle? The title says that I get an eight ounce bottle but the picture shows me a four ounce bottle.
How long is it recommended to keep once the bottle opened?
does your extract contain coumarin or Tonka bean extract?
Is this product GMO-free?
Can I use this for my homemade lip balm ?
Hi. Do you send to Brazil?
Does the 3 pack of 8 oz Nielsen Massey Vanilla cost $20?
Is this product mostly water and/or alcohol? Is vanilla beans the last ingredient?
Is this product from China or Japan? I'd like to know more about quality control and whereabouts the product is grown. Thanks.
Does this Matcha have sugar added?
How much matcha powder would I need to use to get the caffeine equivalent of a strong, dark cup of coffee? Thanks!
Would this product be a good addition caffeine to breakfast fruit and green smoothies? Thanks!
Is this Matcha from Japan or China? If from Japan, where in Japan?
This will be used once a day in a smoothie. How much should I use? Thank you, John
Can someone tell me is this a good quality product? If not, what do you suggest? I like to buy in bulk 1lb or more. Thank you, John
Is there any reason to believe that this bulk matcha powder isn't the same as matchaDNA's packaged product? Has anyone looked into this or tried both?
I am uncertain of where this tea is from. China orJapan. My concern, is it tested for radiation contamination from the Fukushima meltdown?
Can i use it for baking?
Does ANYBODY know the antioxidant content when brewing one single bag? The Bigelows don't respond on their website, twitter,facebook, etc
6 pack means 6 boxes with 40 tea bags in each?
is this tea decaffinated?
is the raspberry royale a green tea with raspberry flavoring?
What does this TEA help with ?
Is this a powdered matcha green tea?
Do the bags have metal staples?
When does it expire?
Is the (foil) packaging environmentally-friendly?
Where was the tea grown?
Is this tea grown in China? If so, has it been tested for heavy metals and pesticides?
Are the individual bags foil (or other moisture barrior) sealed?
is this certified organic?
Expiration Date?
Bigelow Green Decaffeinated Green Tea 40 Count 6 Boxes. What is the expiration Date?
This may be silly, but the description is confusing. Is this twelve packs of 40 filters each ?
how does it work?
How big are these filters? I have an ancient stove-top copper clad Revere Ware percolator whose basket is five inches across.
Exactly how many filters are you getting when you order one of these? Is it 480 filters?
Do these work for the 12 cup percolator. I read one review user said they used it for a 4-6 percolator? Will this work with larger amounts of coffee
does this have a kosher certification?
Does this contain MSG?
How many carbs per teaspoon?
What is the expiration date?
Does this contain nuts or peanuts?
I just received my jar of Sprinkles.. Is it suppose to be half empty?! It literally goes to just below the word decoratifs
Are these certified Gluten free?
Is there any nut warning on the package? Tree nut? Peanut? Does it say "may contain nuts" or "processed in a facility that also uses _____"
are there any traces of peanuts?
I know it says .62" gum balls or smaller, but most gumballs seem to be sold 1". Any chance 1" will work?
put bacon in it or chocolate
can you put m&amp;m's in it instead of gum balls?
Can you make it only accept quarters, rather than any coin?
Does anyone know how to set the dispenser to release gumballs WITHOUT using coins? (I feel pretty stupid having to buy gum from myself).
The glass broke on my machine. Is there a way to buy a replacement?
gumball included
If I order a large qty of these, can anything be done as far as the shipping? Looking to get at least 10.
does this break when ships?
Does this machine have a port at the base so it can attach to a stand? I already have a stand that will supprt a 12" machine, Thank you
how much sodium
I count calories to maintain my weight. What are the calories per serving and how many chips in a serving?
Are these chips 100% whole grain or whole grain? Are they degermed corn? Nothing on the label says anything about whole grain
what is the expiration date on these item? (I am thinking to order this on 3/25/14)
What is the expiry date on this product?
Expiry date?
what is the recommended age for starting these biscuits
Which were the best "experiments" anyone has tried? Type of yogurt? Flavored yogurt? Additions?
does the mix contain eggs?
Can we use natural applesauce instead of yogurt?
I love the original flavor, made 18 brownies. I found out it is 0 points in weight watchers. Is that correct? Can this be 0 points??
Is there a recipe using this product that includes canned pumpkin? I thought I saw that somewhere.....
Hello! I am looking around for the best price for 170 x 100g milk chocolate Toblerone bars with postage to 3082 in Victoria, Australia? Cheers!
What is the Length, Width, and Height of the box of 12?
Hi! what is the expiration date?
How long will the packets of Butter Flavor Mix last, shelf life??
Does this actually taste like butter? Can I use it in baking?
12 Boxes with 4 packets each? Could somebody please outline exactly what you get with this?
Is this product gluten free?
Does this product come in crystal form for salt mills?
WHY aren't the package-label INGREDIENTS SHOWN FULLY DISCLOSED TO THE PUBLIC????
WHY aren't the package-label INGREDIENTS SHOWN FULLY DISCLOSED TO THE PUBLIC????
WHY aren't the package-label INGREDIENTS SHOWN FULLY DISCLOSED TO THE PUBLIC????
doe's it have iodine in it
Is it safe???? Has anyone else heard or read anything like this?
What is the expiration date on this item, 24 pack of gravy?
What is the expiration date of the gravy?
Where can I find the nutritional information
Is this chili seasoning gluten free?
shelf life?
Does original Williams chili seasoning contain cayenne pepper?
How many teaspoons of seasoning is in a #2 of meat package of seasoning?
Can you cook in slow cooker
how to use Bear Creek broccoli cheese coup as topping for potatoes ?
can I freeze it?
Can you add milk in place of water?
Would this soup work in a bread bowl?
Is it vegetarian
What is the expiration date on the set I bought last March 2013, I only used one can and 3 left, are they good to use?
Why has the price increased in just a few months from about $20 to about $80?
How many cups can you make with one 16 ounce tin?
I bought this from Amazon in June, it cost was $19.00 /4 16oz tins. Now it is $74? Really? Why?
Will this work with a Keurig coffee maker with reusable coffee filter?
powdered milk? Does this hot chocolate require fresh milk?
can you use water instead of milk
My wife loves them we have had some for two years. are they still good?
is it dairy free?
What is the total carbohydrate per tablespoon? Has anyone mixed it with coconut milk?
Are these cranberries grown in the USA?
Are there any additives, such as sugar or preservatives?
Does anyone know if these are gluten free? Thanks!
How much sugar per serving, how big is serving size?
how many cups of cranberries per pack?
Is there any indication on the type of sugar used? Cane or beet?
When were the cranberries harvested?
how long will this last (be safe to eat) if stored correctly?
More of an emergency preparedness question: What would be the shelf life?
Do these dried blueberries contain pesticides?
are these blueberries grown in the USA ?
Per your label - 1/3 cup has 25 grams sugar, so one cup has 75 grams sugar - that's more than coca cola classic! How is this a "touch" of sugar?
Are these processed in the same plant with peanut or peanut products?
sugar content in Traverse ay Fruits Co.'s freeze dried blueberries
How long can these be stored in the freezer/ what is the expiration date?
Do these dried blueberries contain pesticides? I've read that certain dried fruits have high concentrations of pesticides and I'm buying these for my young son and want to know to know if "Traverse Bay Dried Blueberries, 4 lbs" contain pesticides?
How many cups of fresh blueberries is 1 cup of these dried blueberries equivalent to?
What happened?
How big is 4 pounds of cherries? How much room will I need to store them?
Does there seem to be a better time of year (month or season) to but these to insure that they are fresh and not from last year's crop?
Is the sugar from beet sugar (possibly GMO) or cane sugar?
unsweetened are twice the price of sweetened. Why?
Are these cherries non irradiated and unsulfured? Thanks
how long can these be kept?
HOW LARGE ARE THE INDIVIDUAL CHERRIES
Is this organic product or grown with the use of pesticides?
do the producers use pesticides?
is this 6 boxes with 8 packets per box
what is the caffiene content?
What's the difference between Swiss Miss Hot Cocoa-no sugar added and Swiss Miss Hot chocolate-no sugar added?
I read the various comments. What IS the sugar count?
How many servings are in one can?
what is the actual mg of sodium per serving?
how much is carb value?
10 calorie cocoa mix: Does anyone know anything about the 10 calorie swiss miss packets.
What is it sweetened with? What is it sweetened with?
is this 6 boxes with 8 packets per box
what is the caffiene content?
What's the difference between Swiss Miss Hot Cocoa-no sugar added and Swiss Miss Hot chocolate-no sugar added?
I read the various comments. What IS the sugar count?
How many servings are in one can?
what is the actual mg of sodium per serving?
how much is carb value?
10 calorie cocoa mix: Does anyone know anything about the 10 calorie swiss miss packets.
What is it sweetened with? What is it sweetened with?
How many cookies per serving?
does anyone know are the GMO free, and does anyone know what percent the dark chocloate ones are?
IS there any corn products at all in these chips? (i.e. in the chocolate liquor or the cocoa butter?
I don't bake often. So I would like to know the shelf life for this product?
Are they vegan?
Is this sweetened with stevia?
As a migraineur, I cannot have dutch or alkali-processed cocoa. How is the cocoa in this product processed please?
How many calories?
Can you freeze these chocolate chips?
Do these chips have evaporated cane juice or brown sugar as the first ingredient? The photos and the text of the posting are conflicting.
The can is BPA free, but is it also free from bps, phthalates, and other hormone disrupters?
are the ones you ordered from amazon bpa free with the copper colored liners?
Are those BPA free? The pictures do not indicate such.
Wonder how the 45mg of salt gets in them when they say "No salt added" ?
I am purchasing for food storage, what are the exp dates on the cans?
Are these grown and packaged in the US?
How many carbohydrates per serving?
Hi! Any corn products in them?
Do all of these have carrot in them? Are there flavors that do not?
Do they have any xylitol in them?
Do these have red dye 40 in them?
Are these sugar free?
Are the sticks made of paper or plastic?
When do these expire? I heard they have a short shelf life.
how many calories per piece?
are these gummy or hard? I searched for gummy lollipop and gummy sucker and these came up both times, trying to find a sucker that isn't hard
Have these been tested for arsenic? Though we love these treats, we have stopped buying them because they contain brown rice sugar.
Just wondering is the flavors are the same if you buy the bulk drops instead of lollipops.
Isnn't the rice syrup the equivalent of corn sugar? How many tsp of sugar is equivalent to one tsp of rice syrup?
how many calories in a lolliepop?
How many lollipops come in this 5 pound bag?
Hi was wondering how they taste? What is Rice or tapicoa Syrup taste compare to ? Sugar or Stevia?
Do they have an expiration date? Approximately how long will they stay fresh?
Can anyone confirm whether the assorted bag of lollipops are made with rice syrup or tapioca syrup? Photos and description differ. Thank you!
Are these sugar free?
Are these lollipops corn free?
I'm looking for an expiration date and don't see one, when does it expire?? It says refrigerate after opening so mine hasn't been refrigerated...
Are there any other ingredients other than fish eggs and salt? I want to know if this is a gluten and filler free product.
Is this shipped on ice? Does it need to be kept refrigerated?
How long does it last?
When is the expiration date?
Has anybody tried the Krogers brand of Red Wine Dressing and is it really the same taste. I am very upset Draft has discontinued this wonderful dress
why is this dressing not available !!!!! i have been waiting to purchase it in bulk for over a year now!! you don't even sell it in the stores!!
Any news from kraft when this will this brought back?
why was I just sent a message that it was available online, at a hefty price.when I click it says unavailable...not fair and not funny
Are thay still selling Seven Sea dressing if so where can I order it..
where can i get it
Why is this product not able to be purchased ?
What is the 'Best if used by" date on these?
Is there mayonnaise in this dressing?
Yellow 5 and Blue 1 - is it really necessary?
Does it have MSG in it
the nutrition page lists a serving size as .25 cups. How many servings are in a can?
Experienced Users: How do I open the can w/o splattering mackerel juice all over?
what is the sodium/salt content in one can please?
Are the cans BPA free?
what kind of makerel
What country do these come from? Wild that's good, but in what part of the world are they caught and packed?
Does it have a pull tab to open or do you need a can opener?
Can the tahini be stored in the pantry once it's opened?
Is this made from raw or roasted sesame seeds?
Can the tahini be stored in the pantry once it's opened?
Serving size is TBS? How many grams in weight does the container say?
why doesn't it have an expiration date printed/stamped anywhere on the product
Does anybody know the exact amount of iodine per pack?
the front wrote 100% DV iodine but the back has nothing about iodine as nutrition contained are these really genuine
what is the expiration date on these? thank you
How many pieces are in each bag?
How many carbs per serving?
Am I crazy to worry about the effects of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster on this product? From where exactly is it sourced?
What fortunes are inside?
Do these have a variety of fortunes? Are they funny/ serious/ ironic?
How long do the cookies stay fresh for?
I am confused about if these say they are kosher. The description online says "kosher certified" but in the questions section, it says they arent.
are these kosher? If yes is there a kosher label on each individual cookie wrapper? If yes what kosher symbol is it
What are the fortunes inside about?
Want to hand them out to walkers for a breast cancer walk. Are the fortunes appropriate for that?
What is the shelf life or expiration date for these? I need them for an event the end of May - not sure how soon to order, yet avoid staleness.
Are there 350 or 400. Both numbers are listed?
Are these cookies peanut &amp; nut free
What fortunes are inside?
Do these have a variety of fortunes? Are they funny/ serious/ ironic?
How long do the cookies stay fresh for?
I am confused about if these say they are kosher. The description online says "kosher certified" but in the questions section, it says they arent.
are these kosher? If yes is there a kosher label on each individual cookie wrapper? If yes what kosher symbol is it
What are the fortunes inside about?
Want to hand them out to walkers for a breast cancer walk. Are the fortunes appropriate for that?
What is the shelf life or expiration date for these? I need them for an event the end of May - not sure how soon to order, yet avoid staleness.
Are there 350 or 400. Both numbers are listed?
Are these cookies peanut &amp; nut free
What are the ingredients?
how many are in the pack?
Is this a product of USA? or China?
i am looking for a low salt version, how much sodium per serving is there in this version?
Does it really have no MSG?
How much sodium per serving?
Why did they use maltodextrin and caramel color? That doesn't seem very "natural".
Is this a vegetarian product? If you do not know, what are the ingredients?
What is sodium content?
what is the sugar content per serving? I found most available ones with sugar content over 3 grams/serving.
seems like an odd question, but can anyone tell me how high this can is?
How are the Berries sweetened? With sugar, or something else?
total ounces of blueberries in each can
Are the blueberries small like in the cans you get with boxed blueberry muffins or closer to the size of fresh blueberries at the store?
Exactly what Polish cherry was the Oregon tart cherry substitute? I loved them and hope to find more. More tart than Montmorency.
Red Tart Cherries, water pack, Are these cherries from Oregon, some reviews state they are from Poland. Thanks
Are the cherries I would order now in 2015 from Oregon or Poland?
Why are some cans of cherries plump and lilght in color, while others have darker and somewhat shriveled?
Are these cherries really tart? I don't want sweet. Please advise.
What is the expiration date for the oregon tart cherries?
Anyone have any recipes to share? I have done a cherry pie w/ these and it was AMAZING but looking to try something different...
I am concerned about BPA in the lining of food cans--can you assure customers that these do not contain BPA?
Do you have a recipe for cherried spare ribs?
seems like an odd question, but can anyone tell me how high this can is?
whole purple plum pie
what kind of sugar is used to make the syrup? is it 100% cane?
Regular vinegar is not gluten free. What type of vinegar is used in the manufacture?
is this sugar free - what is used to sweeten?
Can anyone tell me the sodium content per tablespoon for the Wok Mei Hoisin please?
are the soybeans used in this gmo?
Regular vinegar is not gluten gr
If it is Gluten Free, is the soy sauce ingredient Gluten Free? Does it claim to be 100% gluten free on the label?
Is this Kosher? Vegetarian?
is this product sugar free
how can it be gluten free if it has soy sauce in it??
is the sauce the same as the syrup that is sold in the 750ml bottles
Can you write the exact ingredients list? Thank you.
what are the entire ingredients?
Source of carbs and how many per serving?
how many carbs?
were do the coins go after you insert them?
Is the base metal
Can the amount of beans that are dispensed or is it 3 or so each time?
Can this also dispense M&amp;M's?
does this machine have the option of turning on and off the coins operation
How do I set it to not need coins?
Can kids easily open the coin door.
Does anyone have instructions to put together this machine?
Can you put in other candy like M&amp;M?
How do you clean it?
Is this product organic? It came up in my search for "organic popcorn" but I don't see that noted anywhere.
Can you use this popcorn in a air popper machine?
Is the popcorn a true purple. I'm using it for a party with purple and white color theme.
Is this non-GMO? I looked on their web site and didn't see any mention of it being non-GMO...?
How is it shipped in. Warm climates ?
How old is the candy bar?
How are they shipped to prevent melting?
where can i buy the 5 pound bar, which stores carry it
is it as big as binder surface
Hi, do you offer international shipping?
What is the expiration date? What's the earliest I cN order for Christmas?
Is it gluten free?
how thick is the bar?
Could you freeze the bar completely the rap it up in ice packs before sending it?
What is the size (WxLxH) of an individually wrapped piece?
Are these scored for breaking into pieces exactly like standard Hershey bars?
Are these considered as "regular-candy-bar size" like purchased single size reg candy bars originally? Thanks!!!! Sincerely, debanne/themojavecat &#x1F431;
What is the Expiration Date of the candy?
where are they shipped from?
I don't see the ingredients for this in Amazon's description. What is the sweetener for this drink?
does it mix in cold water
gluten free?
Is this instant cappucino no suger or artifacial sweet added?
Is this decaf ?
Is this oil thick or light?
Can I use it for hair? Thank you
Hi, one of the reviewers stated that it had to be finished up quickly, is this true? Is there a limited shelf life? Also, is this oil 'cold pressed'
Is this oil cold pressed?
Is this unrefined oil?
CAN YOU BUY THIS VACUUM PACKED?
where is the roast date
is this bag whole bean or ground?
Do you sell the Farmer Bros Ultra Caffeine Coffee that we get at local truckstop? Can I order it here?
Do you have k cups with your coffee in it?
Is this GMO free?
i dont understand why this is labeled as vegan?
Are these Kosher?
this shows up in the Vegan category... doesn' it contain cheese?
Why are you marketing something that contains cheese as vegan? Vegan means NO ANIMAL PRODUCTS. Please correct your listing.
where to buy in atlanta ga
Are these crackers absolutely wheat-free?
what is the expire date for the original (in your stock )
what is use by date on crackers that I would be ordering now?
how many carbs?
sprouting qualiy...? if i soak these will they germinate and will sprouting occure..?
It's not spicy, right?
Will I be able to crush almonds with my 400-watts blender?
How many cups are in this bag?
Where is the nutritional information?
Can I consider the Spicy World Almonds Whole 4 pound gluteen free (no wheat)? Thanks!
Pasteurization process: Does anyone know how these almonds are pasteurized...the method?
I also would like to know about the pasteurization process. Are these steam pasteurized or do you use PPO? Thanks!
Are these almonds treated with PPO (propylene oxide)?
Where do the almonds come from?
I grow herbs. Are these viable seeds for planting as well as cooking?
Can you just add these to a protein shake raw in a blender without cooking or soaking them...?
Are the seeds roasted or raw?
I want to know what interests to use swad seeds and fenugreek seeds
i want to know what is its origin,please?
What other recipes do you use this for other than the nanaimo bars
what did I do wrong? My custard did not thicken :-( I followed the preparation directions exactly, then cooked it on the stove (hob?) over medium heat. I used a reconstituted non-fat dry milk, thinking that would be equivalent to skim milk. The mixture...
Can I use this product to make egg custard tarts?
what are the ingredients?
What are the ingredients in this custard? I am looking for the variety that does not have sugar as the first ingredient. Thanks.
What are the ingredients? My grandson is allergic to lactose, milk protein and eggs
How do custard powder work for cream pies?
What are the ingredients?
is it gluten free
Anyone know if the corn flour in this is non-GMO? Thank you.
how many ounces/pounds do you get for this item?
HI! How fresh the cloves are?
how much do they weight?
is this coconut more like shredded coconut which is dry and desiccated? i need it to coat a cake i have dipped in icing. or is it a fine powder sugar
Will this coconut powder dissolve in a protein drink?
Can this be used in making smoothies?
Is this the type of coconut powder used in South Indian Cooking?
can you use it to make Lattes?
does this product contain the actual MEAT, water AND OIL from real coconuts? does it tast sweet NATURALLY? is it chemical free?
Will a COA (Certificate of Analysis) come with my order?
what is the nutritional information? # of calories and what size is the serving? fiber etc?
Is this raw coconut powder and where does it come from
Can I use this to make Coconut milk? I have recently been told I need to take all dairy out of my diet. I'm trying to be cost effective.
Are they organic with no pasturization?
are they really raw or have they been pasteurized?
Will I be able to crush almonds with my 400-watts blender?
Is this product organic?
Where are the almonds from? Have they been pasteurized?
What is the measurement of 7 oz of this product? I want to try making toilet bombs, and the recipe asks for 1/2 cup?
Is this citric acid extracted from fruit or made from mold and genetically modified corn?
Is this liquid or powder?
Is this pure citric acid or are there other ingredients?
Flakes of what? Corn, rice, what?
If I get the Flakes shipped from England, are they made to the original Cadbury recipe or are they made to the inferior Hershey, USA recipe?
Are these the 32 gram bars?
These candy bars will ship to where I live (USA) all the way from England without expiring a huge shipping fee?
Where they're made? My label states the following.... If you look to where the seam of the foil wrapper meets/glued-- it clearly states: "Made by Cadbury Ireland For Cadbury Trebor Bassett, P.O. Box 7008, Bournville, Birmingham, B30 2PT, UK*" (*United...
what kind of sugar in these candy?
I am confused about how a 6.6 oz. product ends up weighing 8 lbs. shipping weight. Can you enlighten me?
how much carbs in each of these? Thank you,
Are these minis or full size?
are these going to be stale
kosher
Are they naturally or artificially flavored?
What was the mixture like? Mostly one color or was it an even mixture?
What favors come in it
Are these going to be stale
What is the size of the individual bars? Is it .55oz each?
Can anyone guess about how many Gummy bears are in this pack?
Are these Black Forest gummis the old kind, or the new kind with the "real fruit juice" flavors?
How is the resealable bag opened? I tried to figure it out but eventually had to cut the bag open.
How long does it take for the gummies to expire?
are they full of sugar ?
Are these sugar-free ?
Are these gummy bears Gluten Free?
Is the gelatin to make these made from pork?
Does "Red 40, Yellow 5, and Blue 1" appear on the ingredient list? That's what I'm looking for; last time I ordered I got the newer version w/o dyes.
Are these bears authentic? because the last seller who sold me gummy bears weren't the eatable ones.
ice cream size short? or long ones?
Does anyone know if these are made in the U.K.?
How long does it typically take to receive this item?
Does anyone know if there are any import taxes or duties, fees, etc. when having these shipped to the USA?
I am living in Hawaii and want some of these for my wife, but I am worried about them melting en-route. Do you use insulating packaging?
Some people are saying they get buy 4 get 2 free, some are saying they do not. I want to make sure that when I order them, will I get some free?
on the package I got last week it said buy 4 get 2 free (from RM Cosmetics) but I din't get the extra 12 .anyone else had this issue?
I'm putting together a 20 or so item order, so please excuse the same question on several items. What is the freshest date you have instock? Thanks
I'm putting together a 20 or so item order, so please excuse the same question on several items. What is the freshest date you have instock? Thanks
Are they produced in the UK?
Are these made by Hershey's in the US or are they made in the UK or Canada? The US version uses corn syrup. UK or Canada use pure cane sugar.C
Is there Soy Lecithin in this? The Cadbury bars my sister brought home from Britain didn't vs. here in the US where Cadbury does. Thank you
What does 12 count mean please? Does that mean 12 bars?
What is the weight of each bar?
What is the size of the chocolate bar in centimeters or inches?
Will the chocolate bars be packaged so they won't melt?
What is the expiration on the bars? I want to order them prior to summer time, but don't need them until a wedding in September. Thank you!
Are these solid chocolate or filled center? Also are there nuts in these bars?
Is this reconstituted?
Does this have water added to it or is it pure juice? In the ad it does not say anything about apple added. It says "alovera and grape" Thank-you .
Is this made from any concentrates?
There are no cooking instructions on the bag, what are the cooking directions?
are these whole lentils? So often red lentils are bits and pieces and cook to mush.
Are these lentils processed in a gluten-free facility? I have Celiac disease and become ill if I eat anything that has come into contact with gluten.
How many mg of sodium in each chip, or a quantity of chips?
what are the ingredients of the multigrain pita chips?
How far ahead is the expiration date on orders that are placed?
Are these packaged in their own Pita Chips box or as a bag that gets thrown in with other items?
I ordered this them 3rd of March, and I still didn't get them! The status of the tracking number is the same - in transit...since!!
I really like the Simply Naked, but why when I buy them at the grocery store are the chips always in small pieces.
Are these individual size serving bags? I'm looking for an appropriate size to pack in my child's lunch box.
Are these really hard to chew? Could someone with no teeth get through a bag? Thank-you
How long last open
what is the size for each bottle?
Can product be shipped to Ohio when temperatures are below freezing?
If I have unopened bottles in the box how long are they good for
Do the bottles need to be refrigerated?
Why did the price go up? I paid $114.00 on 10/5/2013
Are these in plastic or glass containers with the 10/2014 date??
I would like to know the expiration date on these Xango bottles?
what size is the bottle
what is the difference between Red Mill coconut flour and Red Mill shredded coconut? If diff, how do I turn my shredded into flour?
Thank you for your help. How many net carbs are there? Does anyone know?
How many pounds come in an order?
There is no indication of expiration for this product. Was it fresh upon arrival?
Where is this flour made?
does this flour have sulfites?
Can you fry with coconut flour ?
is this really a pack of four or the price for one package?
Anyone have any good recipes using this mix? Thanks!
How long cooking does it require without additions?
How much does it make???
Shelf life ?
I am trying to purchase it. Can I take it as it is without boiling or cooking, just like snack?
Is this the soup mix that has alphabet-shaped pasta? My toddlers are infatuated with ABCs and I think they would eat this if so.
shelf life?
Bob's Red Mill Soup Mix, Veggie, 28-Ounce Units is this 100% vegan? dairy egg and meat free?? please send me the list of ingredients thanks!
HOW TO MAKE BANANA BREAD?
is there any "gums" in this product?
Do you ship your products to Greece if we were to purchase on a regular basis?
Can I use this product to make homemade pasta and if so is it used as though it were regular all purpose flour?
Is this product also tree-nut free?
this contains wheat!! is this information here accurate ???
How do I use guten free all purpose flour to thicken a soup or stew?
How many T or tsps. are used for an 8 oz. serving?
How many grams of carbohydrates are in a serving? Are any of those from fiber?
Does this have another type sweetner like corn syrup or other in it?
Is white chocolate the same as French vanilla?
How much stephens cocoa mix to a gallon of hot water
Is there caffeine in stephens hot chocolate?
This is only about the Chocolate Mint Truffle flavor! Would anyone be able to compare the cost and flavor to Starbucks Hot Cocoa Peppermint?
What is the sell by date or expiration date on these cans?
How many calories per serving in the Sugar Free version?
How many T or tsps. are used for an 8 oz. serving?
How many grams of carbohydrates are in a serving? Are any of those from fiber?
Does this have another type sweetner like corn syrup or other in it?
Is white chocolate the same as French vanilla?
How much stephens cocoa mix to a gallon of hot water
Is there caffeine in stephens hot chocolate?
This is only about the Chocolate Mint Truffle flavor! Would anyone be able to compare the cost and flavor to Starbucks Hot Cocoa Peppermint?
What is the sell by date or expiration date on these cans?
How many calories per serving in the Sugar Free version?
How many T or tsps. are used for an 8 oz. serving?
How many grams of carbohydrates are in a serving? Are any of those from fiber?
Does this have another type sweetner like corn syrup or other in it?
Is white chocolate the same as French vanilla?
How much stephens cocoa mix to a gallon of hot water
Is there caffeine in stephens hot chocolate?
This is only about the Chocolate Mint Truffle flavor! Would anyone be able to compare the cost and flavor to Starbucks Hot Cocoa Peppermint?
What is the sell by date or expiration date on these cans?
How many calories per serving in the Sugar Free version?
How many T or tsps. are used for an 8 oz. serving?
How many grams of carbohydrates are in a serving? Are any of those from fiber?
Does this have another type sweetner like corn syrup or other in it?
Is white chocolate the same as French vanilla?
How much stephens cocoa mix to a gallon of hot water
Is there caffeine in stephens hot chocolate?
This is only about the Chocolate Mint Truffle flavor! Would anyone be able to compare the cost and flavor to Starbucks Hot Cocoa Peppermint?
What is the sell by date or expiration date on these cans?
How many calories per serving in the Sugar Free version?
How many T or tsps. are used for an 8 oz. serving?
How many grams of carbohydrates are in a serving? Are any of those from fiber?
Does this have another type sweetner like corn syrup or other in it?
Is white chocolate the same as French vanilla?
How much stephens cocoa mix to a gallon of hot water
Is there caffeine in stephens hot chocolate?
This is only about the Chocolate Mint Truffle flavor! Would anyone be able to compare the cost and flavor to Starbucks Hot Cocoa Peppermint?
What is the sell by date or expiration date on these cans?
How many calories per serving in the Sugar Free version?
How many T or tsps. are used for an 8 oz. serving?
How many grams of carbohydrates are in a serving? Are any of those from fiber?
Does this have another type sweetner like corn syrup or other in it?
Is white chocolate the same as French vanilla?
How much stephens cocoa mix to a gallon of hot water
Is there caffeine in stephens hot chocolate?
This is only about the Chocolate Mint Truffle flavor! Would anyone be able to compare the cost and flavor to Starbucks Hot Cocoa Peppermint?
What is the sell by date or expiration date on these cans?
How many calories per serving in the Sugar Free version?
How many T or tsps. are used for an 8 oz. serving?
How many grams of carbohydrates are in a serving? Are any of those from fiber?
Does this have another type sweetner like corn syrup or other in it?
Is white chocolate the same as French vanilla?
How much stephens cocoa mix to a gallon of hot water
Is there caffeine in stephens hot chocolate?
This is only about the Chocolate Mint Truffle flavor! Would anyone be able to compare the cost and flavor to Starbucks Hot Cocoa Peppermint?
What is the sell by date or expiration date on these cans?
How many calories per serving in the Sugar Free version?
How many T or tsps. are used for an 8 oz. serving?
How many grams of carbohydrates are in a serving? Are any of those from fiber?
Does this have another type sweetner like corn syrup or other in it?
Is white chocolate the same as French vanilla?
How much stephens cocoa mix to a gallon of hot water
Is there caffeine in stephens hot chocolate?
This is only about the Chocolate Mint Truffle flavor! Would anyone be able to compare the cost and flavor to Starbucks Hot Cocoa Peppermint?
What is the sell by date or expiration date on these cans?
How many calories per serving in the Sugar Free version?
How many mg of sodium in each chip, or a quantity of chips?
what are the ingredients of the multigrain pita chips?
How far ahead is the expiration date on orders that are placed?
Are these packaged in their own Pita Chips box or as a bag that gets thrown in with other items?
I ordered this them 3rd of March, and I still didn't get them! The status of the tracking number is the same - in transit...since!!
I really like the Simply Naked, but why when I buy them at the grocery store are the chips always in small pieces.
Are these individual size serving bags? I'm looking for an appropriate size to pack in my child's lunch box.
Are these really hard to chew? Could someone with no teeth get through a bag? Thank-you
How many mg of sodium in each chip, or a quantity of chips?
what are the ingredients of the multigrain pita chips?
How far ahead is the expiration date on orders that are placed?
Are these packaged in their own Pita Chips box or as a bag that gets thrown in with other items?
I ordered this them 3rd of March, and I still didn't get them! The status of the tracking number is the same - in transit...since!!
I really like the Simply Naked, but why when I buy them at the grocery store are the chips always in small pieces.
Are these individual size serving bags? I'm looking for an appropriate size to pack in my child's lunch box.
Are these really hard to chew? Could someone with no teeth get through a bag? Thank-you
How many mg of sodium in each chip, or a quantity of chips?
what are the ingredients of the multigrain pita chips?
How far ahead is the expiration date on orders that are placed?
Are these packaged in their own Pita Chips box or as a bag that gets thrown in with other items?
I ordered this them 3rd of March, and I still didn't get them! The status of the tracking number is the same - in transit...since!!
I really like the Simply Naked, but why when I buy them at the grocery store are the chips always in small pieces.
Are these individual size serving bags? I'm looking for an appropriate size to pack in my child's lunch box.
Are these really hard to chew? Could someone with no teeth get through a bag? Thank-you
How many mg of sodium in each chip, or a quantity of chips?
what are the ingredients of the multigrain pita chips?
How far ahead is the expiration date on orders that are placed?
Are these packaged in their own Pita Chips box or as a bag that gets thrown in with other items?
I ordered this them 3rd of March, and I still didn't get them! The status of the tracking number is the same - in transit...since!!
I really like the Simply Naked, but why when I buy them at the grocery store are the chips always in small pieces.
Are these individual size serving bags? I'm looking for an appropriate size to pack in my child's lunch box.
Are these really hard to chew? Could someone with no teeth get through a bag? Thank-you
How many mg of sodium in each chip, or a quantity of chips?
what are the ingredients of the multigrain pita chips?
How far ahead is the expiration date on orders that are placed?
Are these packaged in their own Pita Chips box or as a bag that gets thrown in with other items?
I ordered this them 3rd of March, and I still didn't get them! The status of the tracking number is the same - in transit...since!!
I really like the Simply Naked, but why when I buy them at the grocery store are the chips always in small pieces.
Are these individual size serving bags? I'm looking for an appropriate size to pack in my child's lunch box.
Are these really hard to chew? Could someone with no teeth get through a bag? Thank-you
How tall are these bottles?
How many would you have to take to get intoxicated, or drunk?
I gedients
What about shipping to warm climates? I think these might melt?
What are all of the ingredients in the liquor fill chocolate cordial bottles
Is this the regular one in gold wrapping or chocolate one? The picture is confusing.
What is the expiration date?
I NEED 400 MASTER CASES OF THIS ITEM
can I keep these in the refrigerator or freezer without them spoiling
Is this container hard plastic?
Whats the shipment procedures when shipping chocolate? In order to prevent melting?????
What is the expiry date for this product's batch if ordered this month?
Where is this being shipped from?
how come ur chocolates cost $12.49 on Nov.4th, but today they cost 16.99 ??
Is this a good valentine gift?
Buy the Raffaello only?
Kosher Certification?
ferrero choc: what is the largest box of the gold foiled ferrero choc?
I've always wanted to try lemon curd and this product received excellent reviews. But tell me, what do I do with it?
How many curds are in this listing 1 or 6? The listing information says 6. Thanks
Ingredients? (Is the list short enough that someone could share what's in this?)
The description says "Pack of 6"...is that true?
Is there nutrition information available for this? Mainly interested in serving size, calories/serving, fat breakdown, and sugar content. Thank you!
Do they have an expiration date?
will it stick to dentures?
will it stick to dentures?
How can this be raw cacao from Peru? What vendor in Peru is processing truly verified raw cacao? Beans or Nibs maybe but not powder.
How much total fat &amp; %mdr in one serving?
Is it really from Peru, and is it actually from Wilderness family naturals? Is it organic and certified, or not?
how much cocoa powder do you get?
is dark chocolate or milk chocolate?
Are these orange or raspberry?
can these be frozen ?
what supermarket sell these chocolate covered jelly rings in new jersey
Are these dark or milk chocolate?
Is this Kosher for Passover?
WHAT IS THE WEIGHT OF THE PRODUCT ??
Is Barrys gold blend tea organic?
Is it 6 boxes for 80 bags in total? Or Each box has 80 bags?
Barry's Tea Wrapped???? Is Barry's Tea individually wrapped?
does it contain caffine
How much do you get?
is this 100% passion flower or a mixture of ther things that contains assion flower? If other things, please supply percentages.
How much tea do I get? It does not say anywhere.
I'm sorry, maybe I missed it, but what is the weight (ie quantity) of tea am I purchasing re the passion flower loose tea?
Is there info on the can that states the amount of caffeine it contains? And, what is the amount?
Does this still contain High Fructose Corn Syrup as listed here? I ordered a pack recently and don't recall that in the ingredients.
Did the ingredients change when the can did? Energy in the new can does not taste the same.
Why are there photos of two different cans with different ingredients? One doesn't say it has Ginkgo, and the other lists Ginkgo AND Maltodextrin.
Can anyone give me an estimate of the shelf life for these if they are kept in a cool and dark place?
Is there a way interpret the 'best by' date on the can?
Which country do these pumpkin seeds originate?
where are they grown?
Sodium content of the dry roasted pumpkin seeds?
what about gluten? any tests done?
Has the recipe for the linguine changed recently? I purchased a case about a month ago and I'm finding it sticks more than before and is more yellow.
Would you answer the question regarding whether the formula has recently changed on this product. In addition, what is the % of Quinoa to corn flour? Maybe it should be named Corn pasta.
Is the quinoa grown in the Andes Mountains
Why the added sugar? Why does this milk have sugar added?
Is this milk pasteurized or ultra pasteurized?
The description says "refrigerate after opening" in one place and "refrigerate before opening" in another. Which is it?
What is the expiration date of this product if purchased today?
Can you fly with this product?
Expiration Date? If I buy a couple of cases from Amazon, how long might I expect to have to use it?
Does this contain guar gum?
Is the consistency smooth and creamy or thick / chunky? If thick and chunky, will it mix up well when shaken?
is this organic? it came up when i searched "organic coconut milk" but i don't see that it says organic anywhere
I know this same brand makes an organic version for a little more money, does anyone know if this coconut milk is GMO free?
Why is this called coconut extract and not coconut milk?
So can this can be healed or used for making hot cup of coffee ?
I was just going to reorder but noticed item is under review, anybody know why? My last shipment was fine.
Is this actually coconut MILK? Some reviewers are saying it's made from coconut extract.
No guar gum on ingrediant list. Will it then be good to make a nice creamy yogurt?
Is this grown the same as the organic version-but lacks the organic paperwork and cost to label it organic?
Can you use your kefir to make more kefir?
What is the temperature range for the culture to work? For example, is 65 F degrees too cold? Thank you!
This product should be kept refrigerated?
how many starter packets are in this kit?
I really like the Quaker Multi Grain Hot Cereal? Is this as good? Thank you
Is the 6 pack a total of 18 ounces per pack which would equal 108 oz on a 6 pack order?
Is this a pack of 6 or a pack of 12? The title says 6 but the product description says 12.
How is a case of Organic Valley Asceptic 1% Low Fat Milk delivered to my house during winter?
What is the shelf life? Good for disaster prep?
What is the shelf life? Good for disaster prep?
Anyone know if this product contains eggs?
Why am i getting bubbles in my crust while cooking?
Why is this product no longer shipping to APO addresses?
How many carbs?
Why have you stopped shipping this item to Hawaii? I had this on a subscribe and save and now I can't get it any more. I always shop with you and thi
Do Muir Glenn tomato cans contain BPA?
Can Amazon comfirm that the cans being shipped are BPA free? A review says they are BPA free but I'd like the actualy product desc to reflect that.
SO, the 3 grams of sugar per serving is from the tomato itself and not something added?
Sulphate free? Sulphate free?
ANY HIGH FRUTOSE CORN SYRUP IN THIS?
Is this product kosher?
Does it contain citric acid?
how much salt?
Would you please let me know the carbohydrate count per slice. Thanks
What tastes better, the Fitness bread or the 3 grain? The 3 grain has flax seed but they look very similar
Does it taste the same after being frozen/unfrozen?
Is Fitness bread raw?
How many slices of bread are in a pack?
how long does this tofu usually last?
Can this tofu be eaten right out of the package, or what prep needs to be done?
What is the 'best used by' date on the package?
What would happen if you put this tofu in a press? Is it too soft?
soys harvested from china??
is this tofu organic?
If you bought this item in the last week (June 20-27, 2014), what was the use by date?
Is this Tofu fermented?
what is the calories and fat content?
How can you CALL this Buckwheat which is NOT wheat at all but your main ingredient is WHEAT?
Is this a product if China?
how many carbs?
Is this product nuts free?
ingredients list?!? soba is supposed to be buckwheat, either 100% or 80-20 (buckwheat - wheat)... so how can these be 70% wheat flour?
one review says they are not bpa free, one says they are, what is the truth?
Are there seeds &amp; skin?
What is the salt content on the nutrional facts label of the can?
Why are you against the Washington State GMO Labeling Initiative?
I would like to know that when it says 20 count boxes pack of 6 is that equivalent to up 120 packs?
What stores carry Triple Leaf Tea?
Do you know if this expires or how long is the shel life of this product
Does this tea contain any kinds of nuts? I am highly allergic.
Can this tea be used by pregnant woman?
is this 100% coconut h20?
Hi, after opening the coconut water how long can it be refrigerated before I have to discard it?
Love your product. Have tried most other brands. Appreciate lower price! Please, is any sugar added to this product from any source? Thank you!
Is there any pulp in the water or is it all liquid? Thanks.
Is it a raw product or pasteurized? I am not allowed to have any raw fruits and vegetables for a year due to possible contamination and bacteria?
where do the coconuts that make this water come from?
This coconut water is not Raw, is it? Unheated?
It say in description " occasionally mixed with all-natural fruit puree". What kind of fruit puree? It has 11g of sugar while other brands have 8g?
is this brand organic? it doesn't say it is.
Does this product contain electrolytes? Believe it or not - I want to give it to my cat who gets dehydrated when I travel with her by plane.
Still waiting for an answer! How many packages are in this offer? Title says 12, description says only 6!!!!!!
How long does the ketchup last in the fridge once its made or opened?Plz help I cacan find info anywhere. Ty
Can you give us the old Mrs. Wages Ketchup recipe?
can you just strain the tomatoes instead of coring, peeling, seeding and smashing? Will it still think up?
DOES IT REALLY KILL THE CANCER CELLS?
Hi, I just ordered the Soursop leaves tea. Are these Guyabano leaves from the state of Hawaii?
Can you mail this to me rush shipment? I live in California. When I tried to place my order, the only choice was for Standard Shipping.
which is best for you the jice or the tea
What is orange blossom water made of?
Is the product organic?
What are the ingredients?
when is the expiry date?
Does this orange blossom water contain alcohol or glycol propylene? Is there an expiration date on the bottle?
Is there allergen information available? Is it gluten free?
Does this need to be refrigerated once opened?
Strange Q: when I was in Fez, boys sold bottles of orange blossom water and we used it after bathing to cool off. Anyone done that with Cortas?
is this a good option for cosmetic use? how does it compare to orange blossom hydrosol for that?
dose this product kosher ?
There are 2 sticks in each pack. How many packs come in a case?
what's the expiration date?
What is the estimated delivery date? thanks
what's the expiration date ?
Can this be ship right away?
is halal
How are these shipped, do they have any type of cooling pack?
Where were these made? The Polish made Bueno is absolutely horrendous, I am hoping this one is made in Germany.
Is 6 bars means individual bars or 6 pack of two ?
what is the expiration date? thanks
can i use it on my face?
Does it have to be refrigerated after opening?
Does this product have a pleasant fragrance, similar to the fragrance of the rose flower, (like red roses, as shown on bottle's label)?
does this come in a glass bottle?
is this concentrated
How long does it take to ship?
Is it food grade? Can we use this for cooking?
If stored properly, how long would this last?
If stored properly, how long would this last?
does it contain glycerin
What size jars are these... I am thinking the 13 oz ones?
What is the expiry date?
What is the expiry date?
Picture shows non-noodle ingredients. Are any dehydrated vegetables or seafood ingredients included?
Is this the Udon Type noodle or the raymun type...one of the reviewers wrote this is not Udon. The picture says Udon, title says raymun.
How can this product say No added MSG when monosodium glutamate is clearly listed in the ingredients?
Are these safe to eat?
How does this compare to the excellent Nongshim Shin Ramyun Spicy?
ramen
What kind of seafood flavor is it? Is it fishy or shrimpy or what?
Microwaveable or not? The product features say that you can microwave them, but the safety information section says not to - so which is it?
How fresh are the described "fresh vegetables"?
where can i find the ingredient of the noodle cup?
I noticed other product of yours had MSG on ingredients list. Does this one have MSG also?
are there any of these noodles that are of wheat, grain, etc rI ather than white flour mixture? note the very high sodium count.
is it really 12$ for 12 pack right now? really?
How spicy are these noodles?
does this have a beef based broth or a chicken based broth?
"can you make sure you include disposable wooden chopsticks? lots of them thank you"
Please advise company, which produced this kinder chocolate
How many boxes come in this order? What quantity or bars are total?
Are these full sized bars?
Do these have the Whipped center?
what is the expiration date???
What is the expiration date of this chocolate?
Is this going to be shipped with a cool pack?
My niece likes these are there different flavors to choose from or are they all the same. I would like to surprise her with them.
I'm confusing, so is it 8 or 10 boxes?
What is the expiration date of the chocolate?
is this vegetarian or do these come in a vegetarian version?
What kind of shelf life do these have? For example, what is the best by or use by date and when did you order them?
Does this have mushrooms in it? Because I don't eat mushrooms
Are these noodles gluten free?
How is this compared to the spicy seafood?
In the ingredients it says this has monosodium glutamate or MSG, but above in the picture it says no MSG. I'm confused. Can someone help?
are these air dried or fried?
What is the difference between Frustration Free Packaging or Standard Packaging?
The listing says no MSG, but there's monosodium glutamate in the ingredients?
I'm surprised to see this available online. Is it okay to have it shipped without refrigeration?
Does it need to be refrigerated if unopened?
Does this Keifir have live, perpetuated, kefir grain cultures? or is it from a powder?
Does this contain preservatives?
is this pasteurized
Is this the same as Kefir Probiotic Evolve? Do you also carry and send that one?
How long does this last after opening?
Are cultures from powder form?
Is this a fresh yeast?
Did the packaging change? Or is this a different product? One page has picture of white pakage with red stripe near top. This page has blue on side
What would the date on the yeast be if I were to order this? Thank you.
How long can the unopened packages be stored before going bad?
i would like to know the ingredients of this yeast. Thank you
yeast for bread machines: Does instant yeast also work in bread machines?
Can this yeast be used for bread machine?
My induction stovetop requires a minimum of 5 inches in base diameter for the magnetic sensors to work. What is the dimension of the base?
what material is it made of, under the enamel coating?
how many ounces of liquid does this pot hold?
Does this pot work on an induction stovetop? It must have a magnetic bottom to work with induction.
My induction stovetop requires a minimum of 5 inches in base diameter for the magnetic sensors to work. What is the dimension of the base?
In the product description is says "Color in stock may be different than shown"what color do you have currently?
Is there any way to request a red one?
How many ounces does this hold?
if i ship it by boat, to south korea, do you think it will arrive in an edible condition?
Can someone list the ingredients?
does it have corn syrup
Are there a lot of pistachios INSIDE as it should have, or just on the surface? or maybe worse and just on the top surface?
Is this Pistachio Halva soft and paste-like and easy to cut into pieces? Or is it like a brick? How do you serve it?
You need to list the full ingredients of this product - there's no way I would consider buying this.
You need to list the full ingredients of this product - there's no way I would consider buying this.
What are all of the ingredients in this product?
where is it made?
Would you please list the ingredient of this product?
Why do you double your shipping on 2 llbs. That's outrageous!!!
does it have kosher certification?
Does this product have eggs or any kind of animal ingredients such as enzymes?
What other ingredients are in it?
Is this brown rice (whole grain)? The description just says, "rice."
is this rice gm?
Royal basmati rice 10 pound bag kept in the fridge for 19 months .Is it still good?
Is this white jasmine rice?
How much pesticides were used on the process? Wondering what the chemical smelling from the rice is from.
Was this fish dried?
Can I order it now and freeze it to use at Christmas?
can it be fried?
How long did it take to receive?
What is origin of this cod?
What is the country of origin?
Is this feta cheese made of cow milk? I prefer "cow" feta.
Is 4 lbs the net weight of the cheese or does it include the weight of the brine as well? Thank you!
Does anyone know if this cheese is made with animal rennet? What are the listed ingredients? Thanks.
Is the feta cheese like a wedge, rather than crumbles?
Is it cows milk or sheep milk feta?
Hiya, I'm in Afghanistan and I wonder if the cheese is in brine so it doesn't have to stay cold? I would love to order some for xmas dinner, thx!
Are Thomy mayonaises made with Pasteurized eggs?
Is this Thomy mayonaise product kosher.
what are the ingredients?
How much sodium is there in this product?
What spices are in the product?
what are the ingredients?
How many in case 800ml
Does it need refrigeration?
How do you open the top of this bottle?!
Is this product Kosher ?
Where is it made? Germany or China?
Is this product gluten-free??
Is this product Kosher ?
Do you ship to APO AP?
Are you offering free shipping for this product?
dont see expireration date are thay dated good will be sending to marine base
are these bars Warped sparely?
Does blueberry flavor come in this assortment?
Are these bars totally nut free and not processed with other products containing nuts?
nutrtional info please/caloric,protien, fiber,carbs, etc....thanx
are there 96 individual packs? or 96 bars?
I would like to know exactly how many pouches there are in the box. Is it 96 pouches or 48?
Do you sell Nature Valley Trail Mix fruit and nut granola bars
do you have cranberry snacks?
Are there peanuts?
how do you know there is gluten in them? I don't know which whole grain oats are in there
do these have gluten in them?
are the bars 1.2 oz each?
pointsplus
Is this product made in Turkey or Germany?
are these mini or regular size bears?
how many come in a pack?
Are there the ones from Germany as pictured? I am not interested in the ones from Turkey...
Are these made in Germany or Turkey?
Why does this product have dextrose in it? I didn't expect to be adding sugar with my salt. I might return it.
What are the ingredients listed?
Does anybody know if it contains GMOs? I am wondering about the dextrose in particular as it is corn based.
Recipes: Also, when is the best time to take this -- first thing in the morning or last thing before going to bed?
Is this from grass fed cows? Is it organic? Thanks
From what country is the beef grown in this product?
Is this from grassfed cows?
When cake recipe calls for 1.5 cups sugar, how much of the Pure Stevia Extract does one use ... does the cake turn out with the lower Stevia bulk
Is this 100% stevia?
Does this powder have an after taste?
how long is the shelf life?
Where is it made?
Does it come with a measuring spoon or other measuring device? I want to buy the 1 lb. size of this product. I've never bough it in bulk before,
The description says it is $7.70 for a 1 oz jar but then says the per oz price is $3.70. Are there two jars in the order?
powder vs liquid?
can you cook and bake wit it ?
I see on the label for the 4oz that it's non GMO, however I do not see that on the 1oz. Is the 1oz also non GMO?
Maybe it's not as sweet (I always buy Kal) because it's USDA Certified Organic and maybe less processed with chemicals, healthier? Kal from China?
How does this compare to Teavana's German Rock Sugar?
Is this product processed from GMO beets?
what is GMO?
does it raise your blood sugar
Is the beet sugar organic or non-GMO certified?
Is this a form of rock sugar?
Does this take #6 filters?
Does the coffee come out strong and robust enough? I read reviews complaining that the coffee was very weak.
Did it come with any filters?
Can you use regular coffee filters with this? Or does it have to be the Melitta kinds
How many ounces does this carafe Hold?
Hello, Can this coffee maker be used on a woodcook stove and stay there for warm overs without hurting the maker?
Is it possible to remove the handle and use it as a carafe? I want to store cold brew coffee in the fridge with it.
can you reheat the coffee in the carafe?
Very weak coffee. Using Dunkin Donuts fine grind regular at recommended 1 1/2 TBS per 6oz. What am I doing wrong?
does this work on an electic stove
Obviously it's better to mix this with hot milk, but does this also taste good with hot water? I'm thinking of taking this with me when going camping.
Can you please post ingredient list on this site? Also, I hate to assume, so I will ask...is this in powder form?
Does this taste anything like the dairy milk bars?
What is the expiration date on this?
Is this any good mixed with cold milk? I know it says to mix with hot milk, but I'm curious if it mixes with cold milk (like Ovaltine or Nesquik).
The can of this I have says "Nutrition Facts: (for 1 T serving) is calories - 602; Total fat - 2 g; and SUGARS - 116 g; Protein-7 how can that be?
How many cups drinking chocolate does a 9oz. 250gram tub make/
does it the product come with flower pot?
Are the flowers Fragrant ?
do they like shade or sun
What zones can this plant live in?
This plant grow from seed or from the plant mother ?
HOW DO YOU PLANT CLIVIA?
have any plants bloomed yet from this purchase? Good Hope Clivia Plant - RARE - 4" pot - NEW
How is this product packed? How many per case? Would like to order by the case
Is it gluten free?
The last 3 bags of milk i bought had expiry date within 2months of my buying the product. How long is the expiry date for this milk from July 2014?
how many gallons does it make?
Is this milk powder form or granules?
whats the expire date if i order now?i need ship this out oversea..
how long is the expiration on this product?
what is the expiration date from Nov 2014?
How much sodium?
is there palm oil in it?
what vegetables are used in this?
Is it non-GMO?
Does it have any MSG
Is this also gluten free?
Is this just one 8-oz jar, or is it a 3-pack? Amazon used to sell a 3-pack of this product but I can't find it anywhere.
Is this price for 1 jar?
Aren't Hydrolyzed Soy Protein and/or autolyzed yeast both fancy names for MSG?
Is it fit for children under the age of 8 years
Is this a glass or plastic jar?
I need a rating of 10 or above, does this fit the rating?
Can you tell me the batch number which is on the side of the bottle?
$150 for one 500g jar?
is it a bpa free plastic jar?
Show the label info with the strength on it - like 16+, 20+ What does the label say?
Is this recommended for diabetics?
why is amazon not selling this product any longer, the other offers are more expensive and rip off shipping?
Updates on the Benecol soft chews: Is the product still effective in lowering cholesterol and is anyone experiencing any bad or side effects.
Is it suitable for Vegetarians/Kosher?
Has anyone with dentures tried Benecol Smart Chews? If so, was it easy to chew?
How do Benecol Smart Chews affect your bone density? Have any users had bone density tests before and then after taking the Chews for 2-3 years?
Do you ship the UK and if so how much? Thanks
Are these a soft chew, or harder?
Is this product gluten and corn free?
calcium?
Is this suitable for a birthday gift? I don't want just a cutting or seeds, I want it to be pretty when it arrives.
what is the difference in this one or the one on lava rock. the lava looks bigger is that the difference.
will it ship to a cold climate well?
how do you compare this jasmine tea to the Twinings jasmine tea
does it contain the actual jasmine flower or it's just an artificial flavor? thanks!
has anyone received a tin that was past expiration?
What size are the leaves? Could I use a silicone tea infuser or should I stick with stainless steel mesh?
The "product details" section shows 1 lb but the illustration shows 8 oz/227 g. What is the actual weight?
is this green or white tea?? I want WHITE jasmine tea. Darn Rishi for changing packaging!
Does this contains leaves and twigs? good quality jasmine tea only contains flowers
Were the leaves pan fried, steamed, or roasted?
Does anyone know the difference between this and the Royal Wedding Tea?
Is this a decaffeinated tea?
What do the 11 tins that you have look like? There are two pictures presented. One is all silver and the other is a pink and copper design.
are the sachets individually wrapped
is this the same flavor gum that came in the 5 cent wax pack of baseball cards
How many carbs in bubble gum?
Does it have the ridges in the gum or is it smooth
I want to know the weight of the product inside the tub, not how many pieces.
Does this gum have any artificial sweetners in it?
Are these the smaller size wrapped gum. I see a tub on amazon for $16 with 340 so wasn't sure if there was a size difference.
Is this kosher?
Does this come with comics?? Does Bazooka still have comics? Long story but it's for classroom and I need bubble gum comics!
Does this gum loose it's flavor?
Is this gum made in Canada?
are candies individually wrapped in 190 bag?
Are the candies individually wrapped?
How many ounces?
what kind of box this candy is coming?
Because the pic you have is computerized and not of the actual product I just want to make sure that the wrapping is colored silver and not clear
These are the ferrero that say ferrero garden? with a silver and white stripped wrapping right?
Does it have inulin in it
What are the expiration dates on the bags? Can these be frozen?
Its now jan 2015, are the bags going to have a different expiration date than Jan 31, 2015?
the new bags of flour do not have the recipe for the Pumpkin loaf. Can someone post it?
Is this mix supposed to have a lot of brownish/black specks in it? It really bothers me and my family and I don't know if it should be this way.
Is this product non-GMO?
What is the current expiration date?
is Pamelas baking &amp; pancake mix a 4lb. bag or 3 bags equaling 4 lbs
Does this mix 1 for 1 in recipes that are not Gluten free? Like 1 T reg flour to 1 T Pamela's should be used?
Would like to order this. Need to what the expiration date would be on these bags? Thanks,
what are the ingredients?
Since this is a black tea, does it take milk well?
What is the difference between this tea (Hot Cinnamon Sunset) and the "Hot Cinnamon Spice" by Harney and Sons?
What are the artificial flavors in this tea?
Does this tea have any caffeine?
Can I buy this tea without the can? I absolutely love this tea but don't need any more cans!
Does this have the sealed shrink wrapping around it?
what are the ingredients?
What is the difference between Hot Cinnamon Sunset and Hot Cinnamon Spice tea?
Your description of the tea says 20 sachets, but when I add tea to cart, description says tea bags. Want to confirm that tea is in sachets.
Is there anyone out there with extra cans of Neocate Infant that they are no longer using?
I want three boxes &#xFF0C;I need to know the expired day of them&#xFF1F;
EXPIRATION DATE??
Could you tell me what is the expiry date please.
this neonate is from LIVERPPOOL OR MEXICO?
What expiration date is?
EXPIRATION DATE??
Can this be planted and grown from these kernels?
Has anyone grown these seeds successfully?
How do you use or cook this
Hi, is your Purple Corn organic?
Can this be used for popping?
Can the whole purple corn seed be sent to australia
Country of origin is ?
Does the black color come off while cooking?
Does the black color come off while cooking?
Does the black color come off while cooking?
are these ring pops kosher?
are these kosher?
Are these ring pops gluten free?
Are there grape flavored rings in this pack?
what flavors are in the container?
Do you need to microwave these or can you just add hot water?
it is already sweet?
Is it 4 packs of what flavors???
What is the expiration date?
where is the product data page located
how MANY CALORIES IN EACH PACK
does this honey taste flowery? I have another honey with strong flower taste.
How many ounces is this
does this honey come in a glass jar and is it organic?
This is my first time using this type of honey. I didn't expect it to be so hard! I have to dig it out with a spoon. How can I make it more malleable?
What is the shelf life of this product? Thanks.
is this a glass jar?
1) Is this Raw, unprocessed honey? 2) Is this certified Organic Honey? 3) What flower(s) is this honey made from? Thank you,
Unsweetened or not? I was wondering if this product is sweetened, or if it is simply blueberries on their own?
Unsweetened or not? Hello, I was wondering the ingredients in these blueberries...are there any added sweeteners or oils?
Where were these blueberries grown?
Does this come out like the distinctly green tea that sushi restaurants sell?
Does the package say where the tea was grown?
What's the expiry date on the bag?
Folks, I bought this Green Tea before. Apparently Maeda-en has two kinds of Sencha Green Tea; one with a smoky flavor and one without. Which is this?
is this certified ORGANIC?
What is the exact list of ALL ingredients?
Can you mix with water?
what is the weight of one package of this mix?
Can I please see a picture of the powder itself?
Does the Organic version of this honey taste better than the Non- Organic version?
The jar pictured and the title of this item do not say "Raw", like the 2 lb. and 1/2 lb. versions that are also available. Is this actually raw?
Can you melt this honey and use in Salad Dressing?
Can you use this honey for baking?
Is the honey in a glass or plastic jar?
Are the sachets individually wrapped?
Are Sachets for individual cups or for a pot of tea?
What are the dimensions of the tin container ?
What are the dimensions of the tin container? I'd like to make candles with them. Thanks
The add on item option disappears when I click on the item. I WOULD pay $8.62 with free shipping as advertised. I will NOT pay $7.99 + $7.25 shipping.
What is the source for this, corn or birch? Where was this manufactured?
can you use this kind in homemade toothpaste?
Can I use this to make CoolAid for my kids?
On the package itself under ingredients what is listed?
Does this have a pop top? Or do you have to use a can opener?
How hot are these?
Is this product gluten-free?
Can you tell me the sell buy and/or use by date since I have to order so many cans for one person?
Could anyone please tell me the grams of fat per serving? My thanks, Therin
can you tell me the "best if used by date"
Is the Hormel -Tamales hot &amp; spicy to theTaste
Any chance to get more than 4 oz? This is the only brand I like to use, and I am hoping to get larger quantify without buying multiple packages
does this contain salt? if so, how much? thank you.
it it kosher?
How does one store this?
Does this come with the pottery container pictured? Does anyone know if this comes with the pottery container that is pictured?
Is this mix low sodium?
Could someone PLEASE clearly spell out the phonetic pronounciation of this mysterious and ESOTERIC spice? I do not buy what I cannot pronounce and I want to buy this as a (new momma) gift for a friend who is due to deliver a child at any moment. Thanks...
Does it really have aluminum, hydrogenated oil, and corn syrup in it as the reviews say?
How is this considered a 'health' product with sugar and aluminium in it?
how mani cup have the box
how much water do you use and do you use hot or cold water
Is it accepted by the drug and food administration?
If it's not healthy then why are there seminars on this product and people selling to thier friends and family's?
how many ounces is the bottle?
how does the strength compare to super strength oregano oil?
are you kidding? how much oregano?
What are the ingredients stated on the box ?
How much Ganoderma Lucidum extract (in mcg) is there in one satchel of the Classic coffee (black, no sugar/milk)?
Is this a caffeinated drink?
The inside flap on my box says USA + CANADA. It was purchased from a USA Gano Excel distributor. If yours say Malaysia what is the difference?
Is this the Ganocafe Classic w/no added sugar &amp; creamer or does it contain those things as your description of ingredients listing says?
Hello - I am interested in purchasing 12-15 boxes of the Ganocafe Classic. Please supply the actual calendar expiration date.
What are the expiration dates? Am looking to buy a years supply...
How much caffeine?
How do I know I'm getting fresh gano cafe and not expired as has been the case in the past?
The ingredients listed are coffee, sugar, non-dairy creamer, &amp; ganoderma lucidum. Seems incorrect. Sugar and creamer? Not when I've had it before.
why can't i add 3 of them to my basket like i choose. i ordered dark already, now i want to order 3 milk choc &amp; there's nothing that comes up to orde
Is this gluten free?
Peanut warnings on this product?
Solid or hollow little (lindt) bunny? Any help very appreciated! Thanks!
How could I use this on my cloudy glass shower doors since it is in powder form?
How much Spicy World Citric Acid for each dishwasher load?
food grade? can this product be used to make fizzy drinks?
is this food grade
can this be used to make bathbombs?
How much would you use to spice up a 12oz drink?
Im trying to find meat marinade recipes using this product?
Just got my bag. The granulars are quite a bit larger than the grains in other citric acid I've purchased. Does that matter?
Can I use this for descaile my coffee machine? How much I should use?
Can this Spicy World Citric Acid be used to clean hot water boilers like a Zojirushi?
what are the benefits of the coffee
Is this product vegan?
Don't you have the Lingzhi Black coffee 2in 1? Iwould like to place the same order that I place the last time I ordered the two boxes from you.
What's the coffee/ genoderma ratio? And how much caffeine ?
this product has alluminium and its organic
is this coffee has a caffeine in it? how much its caffeine?
is this product organic
How much gandoderma is in each packet? I am trying to compare brands.
What ingredients that are part of that mix?
How much Gandoderma is in each packet?
Do you not combine shipping? Each bag is $3 shipping
How big is this bag of gummies?
I tried to buy 20 of these, but the shipping ended up being $60 because PowerforApple doesnt combine shipping. Can you change this?
Hello the shipping isn't stacked, I want to buy a lot of bags, but don't want to pay $2.99 shipping on each bag. can you please fix it? Thank you
Is this product manufactured in a facility containing Tree Nuts or Peanuts?
does this render black colour to cakes,when baking with it
Does this cocoa contain dairy? What are the ingredients?
One reviewer said that it contains milk and soy. You said it was cocoa powder and KC03. Which is it?
is this raw or has it been heat treated above the accept temperature to remain raw
Does it have DHA (omega 3 fatty acid)
Is this product processed on machinery that processes nuts?
Is there any soy or gluten in this product?
what is the difference between Cocoa and Cocoa Powder?
Is your chocolate Dutch process?
i would like to see the ingredient list and sugar and carb content
I'm buying the West Bend 82306X Stir Crazy 6-Quart Popcorn Popper by West Bend. Will this popcorn and oil combo work? What size packets should I get?
The oil in the pouches I received isn't pourable and has solidified . Is something wrong with it or is it old?
HI, WOULD LIKE TO KNW THE DIMENSIONS OF THE HOLE BOX WERE THE 24 UNITS OF "Great Northern Popcorn, Portion Packs 6oz" COME IN. THANKS
How many cups of popped corn do you get with 8 oz pkg?
Are the kernels that come with the package yellow seeds or white?
How many bags of pop
can you use the popcorn packs to cook popcorn in a pot on the stove or, do you need a popper?
What's the shelf life and storage requirements for these packs. Probably only use 1-2 a month. So, some could be 12-18 months old by the time we use.
How many cups does a 6oz. pack pop up?
What's the best size portion pack for the eight quart Whirley-Pop, 4 or 6 ounce?
I just received my package and the oil is a solid. Is this normal or should the oil be a liquid upon arrival?
How many calories in a serving or pack? It would be helpful if this information was posted in Product Details of food items on Amazon.
i bought the 4oz great northern popper but i bought the 8 oz packs by mistake can i still use them in the machine?
are there gmo's in this product?
Can you use this popcorn in a microwave safe popcorn bowl maker?
can you use this in a big pot on the stove
Can you use this in a air popper
Does this work with industrial popcorn machines (like the ones in the movie theatre)? Sorry if it was already answered!
Is it nut free
I normally use the 8 oz. packages for our machine but we end up with a lot of leftover popcorn. Can I use these smaller packs in a big machine?
Why does my popcorn come out dry, tough, chewy, and husky. I've never had such bad popcorn. The taste is ok, but so dry... So disappointed!!!
I have a Nordiware microwave popcorn popper. Will this work with Nordicware?
My popper calls for 1 tablespoon oil and 1/4 cup popcorn. What size package would be right for this popper?
Do these kernels have GMO's? I know a lot of popcorn on the market does.
If I have a 4 oz popper do I have to use the 4 oz packs?
I have a Waring WPM40 popcorn popper and when I use the 4oz package I get a lot of unpopped kernels, probably about 30%. Am I doing something wrong?
is this product gluten-free?
The packets don't have an expiration date on them. Other brands I have purchased do......is this old popcorn? How long will it be fresh?
Is this popcorn pesticide free?
Is the product clear wrapped or with the name of the product on each piece?
where are they made?
Are they kosher?
why are mine so dry to eat???
16.63/oz or 16.63 the whole box?
are these packs the same size as typically served on an airplane flight?
Would these be good to give out to the homeless? I want something they can take back to their "camp" and eat later.
The picture shows all the packs are peanuts, but the product description says variety pack. Which is it? All peanuts?
What is the size is each individual bag? I know its a weird question, but i wanted them for party favor boxes for a travel themed party.
what is the expiration date
how many calories?
How similar in taste is this to Good Earth Original Sweet &amp; Spicy tea?
Is it just one tea bag or do I get a container of tea?
Is a "pack" = 50 tea bags ---- so&hellip;3 packs is 150 tea bags ??
Is this Kosher for Passover?
Is there sugar in this tea? It's so sweet I wonder if it's been artificially sweetened.
Do you know if any of the ingredients come from China?
If I were to make iced tea with this, how many bags would I use? The internet says a bag per cup of water but 8 bags for 2 quarts seems like a lot.
Are all of the bags individually wrapped?
Are all of the bags individually wrapped?
How similar is this to Hartley &amp; Sons Hot Cinnamon Sunset tea?
what is the difference between Korean Panax Ginseng and Korean Lingzhi Ginseng Tea?
Is the lactose in this tea from milk or from a non-dairy source, or doesn't it say? Thanks in advance for your help and time.
How many milligrams of Ginseng does each tea bag contain? Anyone know?
Is this tea regular or Red Ginseng Tea? Does this brand offer Red Ginseng Tea?
how big is the flower of this crown of thorn plant
Was the plant in bloom when you received it? I ordered one on line that is growing but never blooms. I don't need another that also won't bloom.
Do the dwarf crown of thorns spread, or do I need to make cuttings and root them?
how long were the stems and how many?
Can it be sent to Mich now without freezing?
are they the small jawbreakers at 5 lb. bags
Hi there, what is the package size? and for a major order like 30 or 50 package what will be the box size and how many packages are in there?
Hi there, what is the package size? and for a major order like 30 or 50 package what will be the box size and how many packages are in there?
are the flavors/colors assorted pretty equally? have you found an excessive amount of one flavor or another?
I can't find an actual size. How big are these Jawbreakers? 1" or maybe just 3/4", or 1 3/4"??
Any idea how many are in a 5lb bag?
I read in the comments below, that these were not ALL Ferrara Pan brand. Is this true?
Question: How do you store the bags of cocoa? Refrigerator? Or on cabinet shelf? Just wondered if extra fat left in product would require refrigeration. Thanks.
Is this the same as Williams Sonoma USED to sell? It never had vanilla in the Cacao powder.
Define "lightly dutched"; do I treat this as natural or dutched for baking?
Can I use this product in a chili recipe that calls for "unsweetened cocoa powder"?
What are the shipping costs when this is purchased from ChefShop? Are they really nearly $12?
What is your favorite hot cocoa recipe for this product?
Are these Haribo Rasberries or a different brand? Thanks.
how different are these from the ones haribo sells?
the haribo red/black raspberries, are they the smaller ones or larger ones? which size berry? u also have 2 prices,
Will these fit in my new Hamilton Beach One-Cup Brewer? it came with 18 senseo pods, but what do i do when those run out?
Does this work in Melitta's own one:one system? Does this one fit into the one:one?
will the milita pads work in a sl 7810 machine
Senseo SL 7810: Are there any Refillable coffee pods that work in the Senseo SL 7810?
Does it contain MSG?
is this product vegan? (No animal products)
If it's the "Tom Yum" Flavor, why is there a picture of the Minced pork flavor on display? Because of this we ordered the wrong one.
is this organic?
Are these curry pastes vegetarian? Can anyone who has purchased these, or is selling them, tell me what the ingredients are?
How much do you use per-serving? Would you use up a whole can? Can you store leftovers in air-tight containers (in the fridge, I presume)?
Are these gluten free?
Do these contain peanuts or sesame?
Can you freeze these cans of curry if you plan on eating them slowly?
wHAT IS THE EXPIRY DATE ON THIS PRODUCT?
what is the sodium content in these?
How many cans of each type do you get? Is it 2 cans each of yellow, red and green?
Is this curry paste spicy? I have a low tolerance for spicy foods.
Are these vegetarian? I can't read the labels anywhere..
Can this machine connect to the stand?
can i use m&amp;m's?
Can use this to dispense Jelly Beans?
What are the dimensions?
Can this be personalized?
Will it accept M &amp;M peanut candy? And Can the coin part be turned off?
Does this come with gumballs, or do I need to purchase them separate?
How secure is the money that is stored in it? How do you collect the money?
can I get it in blue
how many lbs does it hold?
$ 81.95 for a 15 ounce . Under product description states organic unsulfered 15 ounce. No where does it state package size other than weight 26 lbs.
I got this brand of molasses, but it doesn't have any copper in it, its 0% copper,so it will help with grey hairs or not?
Are there pestisides or chemicals used to make this or the cane which it came from? I don't care if its certified organic, only that it is organic.
Does this come in a plastic or glass bottle?
Why does some Plantation unsulphured molassses have a blue label and some yellow. Also does it matter if the "barbados" is on the front label?
hello, can you please let me know if this has copper in it? i'm looking to get rid of grey hair and it says copper is key
Where is there a pic of the back label? I want to verify if it has Copper in it.
What is the country of origin? I'm looking for INDIA.
does it help with reversing grey hair growth
Is there MSG in Mrs. Dash?
Does it give a 'salty' taste, or just kind of like herbs and spices?
Is this product kosher?
does the pot keep coffee hot
Is the pot microwave safe?
Where is this product made?
How wide is the opening?
Is this coffee potand cone made in Germany?
Can you use one of the Medelco #4 Cone Permanent Coffee Filters with it?
How many ounces does the pitcher part hold?
how big is the hole that the finished coffee comes out of?
does this set include a lid?
How many holes in spout (it is the dripless system) ?
how long can you keep flying fish roe in the refrigerator?
Is this 1 oz of each of the colors or just 4 oz of the orange? How is it shipped (dry ice)?
Is this just roe or it have other products in ingredients list?
How long is the roe good for?
Why is this $11.49 when a box at the store costs ~$3.99?
does it kill ants&gt;
mold
What is borax ? Is it a chemical, an element, a brand of cleaner? Is it TSP?
what are the ingredients?
Is borax an effective washing machine cleaner?
Can this be used in high efficiency washing machines?
Is this product compatible for he washing machines?
Can this be used in a dishwasher as a water softener?
I have hard water. Will this be a good item for me? Should I use it as a detergent or as a booster? I currently use the cheapo store brand detergent.
Mixing instructions: Following the suggested mixing instructions on the package, how many gallons (litres?
Does this 2500g container make 5.49 gallons of milk? Once opened, how soon would I need to use it up?
We drink skim milk. Can we mix this with more water and it still be good?
Could this be used to make yogurt ?
How long will it store for.
What is th eshelf life of this product?
How many gallons does this make?
I tried to use Carnation dry milk over the years. Twice...both times, I threw it out after a TIny sip. How does this compare to carnation?
What are the ingredients? Why would you NOT have an ingredient list on a food supplement? I do not use anything with gelatin which is frequently used.
i`m confused, how many caps comes in the bottle, on the amazon description it says 120 caps other then the description on the bottle that says 90 caps
Does this contain soy?
Are these already peeled? From the questions above one said they are not peeled 3 said they are? The description on the bag is not helpful..
Are the beans dried or still in the pods?
Are they peeled?
Will these beans sprout?
are these mac nuts exposed to gluten in processing
Are these whole nuts, or halves/pieces?
Are these raw or roasted and salted?
is the 5 lb bag shelled
Is this item gluten-free? Is it manufactured on equipment that processes wheat, barley, rye etc?
Is this organic?
What tempter do you steep these? What is the duration?
Were pestasides used while growing this plant?
I have been looking for the candied dried hibiscus flowers. Ohnuts.com use to sell them but have been out of stock for months. Are these candied?
Whole flowers or just the leaves?
Does anyone actually rinse off the dried Hibiscus prior to use? Says in the directions however I'm curious if anyone actually does it.
where was it harvested
Are these the chewy (like gummi) flowers--not so dessicated only useful for tea? TJs discontinued those I seek.
Are the flowers fresh or dehydrated?
What is the shelf life for this product once the bag has been opened?
will this sprout or is it sterlized?
do you offer ups of fedex?
is this organic?
Do these dates contain any addivies, such as calcium stearate. 100% natural dates confirmation please. Thank you!
I would like to use these in a copycat Lara bar recipe, do you think these would work since the bars aren't cooked but eaten raw?
As far as size goes, how do these compare to medjools?
I figure the grains are whole but I need to know for sure if their are any amount of broken or cracked grains in the box and if so how much is broken?
Are these all Whole Grains or will their be any amount of broken or cracked grains?
Is this rye non GMO?
Where are these mushrooms shipped from, and how long did it take to arrive?
How can I be sure this is not chemically contaminated like recently found in the Shiitake-Ya brand
Are these grown and harvested in usa?
The price is good but... How necessary is it to rinse and "toast" this quinoa? And, if so, HOW do you do it?? Thanks! :)
is it organic?
Is it as good for you as regular quinoa
are these from china also?
Are these pepitas raw or roasted? Description does not say. Thanks.
are these gluten free, ie prepared on equipment, use utensils that are free of gluten contamination? Thank you.
Good Seasons Cheese Garlic Salad Dressing mix: Maybe they are just changing the name, like they did with the Asian dressing?
Is good seasons cheese garlic dressing discontinued? It is the only salad dressing that my husband likes and I've been buying it forever. If Kraft owns the Good Seasons brand they need to rethink getting rid of it because I know quite a few other...
Basil Good Seasons What is it like?
what is the quantity.. where is that stated? Any freshness dating?
How much does this package of chestnut flour weigh? (e.g., 8oz, 16oz)
how much does it weigh?? how much am I getting??
Do they have to be refrigerated once they've been opened or can you leave them in the caddy on a counter or pantry?
Is this a packet of 6 or 7. One place says six, another one says seven. Image shows seven
how many ounces are each bottle?
Product title:"Tabasco Chrome Caddy with 7 Family Flavors". Seller info:"Pack of six, 5 fluid ounces each (total of 30 ounces)". Which one?
do u ship to germany ?
Are these Gluten &amp; Wheat Free?
This says 24 count, yet $2.83 per unit. Is it that there are 2 bars per package (unit)?
What is the shelf life of the bars?
What is the nutritional info for each bar?
Non-soy vegan protein bars? Does anyone know of a good non-soy vegan protein bar?
What would you say is the top 3 best flavors to buy?
What flavor bars are included and how many bars are in the box
how long is the shelf life on this bread. is it as long as the rye?
Is there a trick to toasting this bread? I have not been able to get it crispy, even with a longer time
how many calories and carbs per slice?
Are all the teas caffeine-free? I'd like to purchase for a friend who cannot have caffeine.
Does the box say "made in the USA"? Am thinking to get these as gifts to bring to China.
Is the tea in bags with a string that hangs over the side of the cup or is it loose tea?
I need to restock the box. Are the tea bags in the separate boxes of tea individually wrapped?
In the picture the tea seems to lean back, do the tea bags fit in the box standing straight up with lid closed? What is the height of the bottom half?
What is the ninth flavor? I see 8-flavors described but a 9th is neither mentioned nor described. Thank you.
are teas caffeine free? i am thinking of giving to my MIL and she cannot have caffeine.
What's the difference between Nutiva's Hempseed and Hemp Protein? Initially, I was sold on Hemp Protein. Is Hempseed a better protein value?
I usually buy hemp powder to make protein shakes. Will the seeds blend as well as the powder when making smoothies?
This may sound odd but will this product show up on an urinalysis as THC?
WHY HAS THE PRICE DOUBLED? I can no longer afford to purchase this each month! What is going on?
I have been ordering this for quite some time....last time only in June for $34.19.....now $10 more sure is a big jump in price....is this correct?
Are these seeds sproutable ? I plan to make hemp milk by sprouting overnight ?
why is the 3 pound bag more $ than the 1 pound or 5 pound
do you know if these are irradiated? This question came from one of my customers.
Have you ever sended this hemp product to Venezuela? I don't know if is it possible here. Thank you
Is this product irradiated when it crosses the border from Canada?
I'm on a clear liquid diet and will have to be a few more times in the future. Are the drops clear or colored?
Sweetleaf Toffee Stevia: It's ok, but how much do you use to get some flavor?
Where is this product from? China?
what is it used for?
does sweetleaf stevia, any of them, have msg in them?
Does it have any cocoa in it?
What are the "natural flavors?"Does it contain soy, gluten, casein, corn, nuts, peanuts, or any other common allergens?Please disclose the ingredients
Is this vegan?
Hello! Where is this tea sourced from? China? Ceylon/Sri Lanka? Thank you!:)
This tea arrived and has a pronounced scent of cinnamon or chia. This is my first time ordering this tea, so I'm not sure...is this normal?
Just wondering. I've always drank Lipton Black Tea - but now wanting to buy an Organic black tea. Does anyone know the differences in taste.
Where does the Ceylon tea come from? Does it come from Sri Lanka or some where else?
How many gallons of tea will this make?
Is this toasted Kukicha or the un toasted kind?
What's the best way to store this tea? Will it prolong its freshness to store in the refrigerator?
is this the brown, alkanizing twig tea which is stabilizing and not with caffeine?
Is this tea made up of all twigs or is it twigs and leaves combined? Thank you!
Are these full leaves, or are they ground down so that you have to use a strainer/filter?
Is this a green tea that can be eaten or just brewed? Thank you
How to prepare green tea with this bag?
how many servings would be in this bag?
Do you wash the green tea leaves under cold water before use?
Is this Japanese or Chinese green tea? If it is Chinese, do you test for lead content?
What is the country of origin of this tea?
Has anyone used this tea to brew kombucha?
Does anyone know how long this tea will be fresh (assuming proper storage)? I'm assuming 16 oz of tea would make about 225 cups of tea.
Does anyone know what country this is grown in? Thanks!
Has anyone tried to make this as iced tea, and if so, does it handle being chilled well?
Hi, what country does this tea come from?
Has anyone else had problems with this tea getting super cloudy? It's pretty much undrinkable. I can't figure out how to contact Davidson's.
How does this tea compare in flavor to Yorkshire red and PG Tips? Does it taste similar, or is it maltier, brisker, brighter, stronger?
what is a good thing to store the chamomile tea in after the bag is opened that is not the bag
Odd question, but what is the color like? I've had chamomile that was brown when I bought it and also a very fresh, yellow chamomile flower.
just had this tea delivered. I opened the large bag, and the smell is Auful!!!! almost rancid . Has antbody experienced this??? is this what it is s
Does anyone know where the country of origin is for the flowers?
is it roman, german or what type of chamomile?
What is the shelf life for chamomile flowers?
Are these whole flowers or just for tea?
How much of the loose tea do you use for a large (12+ oz) cup of tea?
I would like to try this tea to improve my sleep. Any suggestions?
Is this product German or Roman chamomile?
How strong is the bergamot in Davidson's? I've tried Mountain Rose EGT and love it...is this close?
Given that 16 ounces is quite a lot of tea, how long does it take for this tea to go stale, given good, dry storage conditions?
The bergamot in this tea is way too strong for me. Which black tea is best to mix it with half-and-half?
Which side of the world is Earl grey from?
What is the leaf grade?
How does the flavor compare to Twinnings? Similar?
Does this Earl Grey taste anything like Tea Forte's Earl Grey?
Have you tried brewing it in a Kuerig Coffee maker?
How do I brew this tea without getting the little flakes in my mouth? Also, where can I buy bulk tea that isn't finely ground?
What is the shelf life of this tea? How long can it keep sealed without going stale?
Can you reuse the leaves for a second or third brew?
Does your product still contain fluoride as previously mentioned here?
Some of your teas list "natural flavor" as an ingredient. Would you kindly elaborate?
What is NET weight of tea in your pouch? Picture / Title states 1Lb (16Oz). Product Detail states Shipping weight is 14.4Oz (incl pouch).
About how many servings are in this bag?
What's the best way to prepare this tea,how many tsp,per 1 cup of boiling water?How to you store this tea,to keep it staying fresh?
How does this compare to Davidson's Honeybush? That was our favorite, but, it is no longer available. Thanks for any advice.
What is the iu for this item?
Will this help to keep raccoons away from your property?
how hot
Hi, I would like to know how hot is this Cayenne Pepper ? How much for the HU?
how many Scoville heat units is this
What is the origin? Thanks.
WHAT IS A GOOD TEA FOR CALMING AND RELAXATION?
is this the blossom or the calyx?
Are these the RED flowers or mixed? I want this to make mead but I need the red flowered variety?
is davidson's hibiscus sabdariffa hibiscus?
How long does it stay fresh opened or sealed?
are the hibiscus flowers whole or shredded?
How many servings are in this bag?
How does Lavazza compare to Illy beans
Would this coffee be good to use in a regular drip coffeemaker, or is an espresso maker required? Thank you!
Struggling. I have tried Rossa, Black &amp; Oro and love them all with milk. But I wanna buy for a friend who only does black. Which would you recommend?
the bean are large and well roasted?
Can I use the preground version in a Freiling French press? If not, does anyone know of a preground coffee that will work?
When ordering this coffee how is one able to find out when this particular batch was roasted? How fresh? Read reviews of stale beans.
What is the difference going from Super Crema to Gran Crema?
are these beans "oily"? thanks
Is it caramelized?
which pod maker can I use?
Can these work in the Illy machines?
Are they ESE compatible? Do they work with a delonghi Kmix coffee maker?
will these pods work with DeLonghi EC155 15 BAR Pump Espresso and Cappuccino Maker
Will these work with illy Mitaca 21036 Pod 1? Are they ESE?
Will the Lavazza Gran Crema Espresso ESE pods work with a Cuisinart EM-100 Espresso Maker
I have a handpresso.com machine, will these pods work?
Will these work in my Senseo machine?
I have an old espresso machine. Lavazza Gourmet coffee caf&eacute;. Will these pods work with this machine?
What happens if you use these in a non compatible machine, will they fall apart or just make bad/weak coffee?
Does this product come in Organic and GMO free?
where can I get a free sample of dandy blend instant grain coffee beverage?
Does this taste JUSt like coffee or that awful taste one gets when drinking dandelion tea? I would vomit if it had a taste like that.
Does it stain your teeth like coffee?
Is it truly gluten free
Can you brew in your drip coffeemaker (alone, or mixed with coffee)?
Does it give the same energy boosts and alertness as caffeine in coffee?
Is this really gluten free since it contains rye and barley.
How long does a 2 pound bag last approximately
Can it be blended into raw chocolate or must it be dissolved in hot water to be edible?
is this 6 boxes with 8 packets per box
what is the caffiene content?
What's the difference between Swiss Miss Hot Cocoa-no sugar added and Swiss Miss Hot chocolate-no sugar added?
I read the various comments. What IS the sugar count?
How many servings are in one can?
what is the actual mg of sodium per serving?
how much is carb value?
10 calorie cocoa mix: Does anyone know anything about the 10 calorie swiss miss packets.
What is it sweetened with? What is it sweetened with?
when will this popcorn become available again?
Where can I find this to buy? Need more of this type?
Is this for 12 boxes of 4 ct bags or a total of 12 bags?
is this 6 boxes with 8 packets per box
what is the caffiene content?
What's the difference between Swiss Miss Hot Cocoa-no sugar added and Swiss Miss Hot chocolate-no sugar added?
I read the various comments. What IS the sugar count?
How many servings are in one can?
what is the actual mg of sodium per serving?
how much is carb value?
10 calorie cocoa mix: Does anyone know anything about the 10 calorie swiss miss packets.
What is it sweetened with? What is it sweetened with?
Approximately how long is it before expiration? Trying to decide if quantity is too much?
What is the "fiber" content of this ceral?
The box indicates "distributed by" but does not indicate the country origin. Is this product still made in the United States or is it imported?
Is this an unrefined sea salt?
This salt is too wet to use in my grinder, it just get stuck. Probably too coarse to use in a shaker too. What is the best way to apply it?
Still between Celtic and Himalayan--mostly for health reasons and healing digestion. Any suggestions between these?
No Iodide? Does that mean I should look for another Celtic Brand with Iodide?
can you tell me if it has IODO? thanks
How does the flavor of this Celtic sea salt compare to Kirkland Signature sea salt sold in Costco?
is the same minerals in the white and gray salt
What is the actual weight of this salt? The product header says 1 lb., but according to the description it is somewhat less than that.
does the manufacturer grind this salt by stone or metal? The description only says "coarse ground"
it's it kosher certified?
what is the carb count?
Does it have an aftertaste?
Is it 1 liter or 750 ml?
Title says 1 liter bottle. Description says 750ml. Which is it?
What is the equivalent ratio, liquid ozs.,= TBL of sugar?
Is Manuka Honey only found in New Zealand? Manuka means Tea Tree...is New Zealand Tea Tree superior to Australian Tea Tree (honey)?
the honey is in glass bottle or in plastic bottle?
Should I be fearful that it is a knockoff and not the real thing?
hello~what's the different between UMF5+ and UMF15+?
It doesn't say that it's suitable for vegetarian ot kosher certified. Can someone please clarify. Thanks!
Quality guarantee period ?
is this umf 15+ raw honey ?
So is it glass or plastic bottle
Can I use this on a dogs wound and if so will it burn or sting her?
anyone has the batch number by any chance? Amazon couldn't locate it for me.
Does this salt contain iodine
Is it doctor recommended
Could you put the coarse salt in a vitamin or food processor to make a fine texture?
Does this work for the water cure? Water cure is mixing water with a small amount of salt for health benefits.
Does anyone know where to find the technical Data Sheet on Celtic Salt
technical data sheet (about the minerals) where can I find it?
Is the 5 pound bag of Celtic sea salt course ground or fine ground?
Im confused. 5lbs of this salt costs $20. But 10lb costs just under $90. Why would double the amount, cost 4 times the price?
How much sodium and potassium does it contain? Obviously, I'd need that information per tsp or tbsp or ounce, or per whatever measurement you provide
How should the salt be stored? Ziploc bags? Glass Containers? Wood Containers?
Is this the medium blend?
My Caribou Blend fr Amazon has a large yellow circle in the middle; no orange or green band; say W, C150 on cups; any idea of exp date??
What is the expiration date on the 96 count?
this if $28 for ONE bottle? not 6?
This is $11.97, for how many bottles??
What are the ingredients in it?
is the shipping free
Do these ones have a smooth cream filling, or is it closer to a chunkier, jam-like filling?
Do these have actual strawberries in them or just the strawberry jam?
I dislike the mochi ones. How different are these?
How big are the cakes?
Do you ship the mochi ice cream to Ireland?
What is the nutritional facts/information on this product?
Is it a generic form for gerber soy
Is Gerber good start soy formula gluten free?
Gerber Good Start Soy generic brands? Hi, I was wondering if anyone can tell me if there are any generic formulas that compare to Gerber Good Start Soy?
Is it organic?
What country does this honey come from?
Is it pasturized?
does it say where it is made? i know it says usa, but anything more specific?
Why onlabel doesnot say organic. The selling title is very misleading.
Can this use be applied on the face for softer and acne free skin?
IF this ISN'T ORGANIC why don't you correct all the misleading information on here?
Is your honey filtered? Does it contain pollen?
Is the bottle plastic?
How many ounces (net) is this?
Someone said it tastes like licorice and I hate licorice. I was looking for something with a taste like syrup
I'm looking for molasses from sugar beets. is this it?
Is the container BPH free?
Is the container plastic or a glass jar?
Are these the fluffy airy kind or the crispy harder kind?
These tasted like that has some sort of seasoning on them and it wasn't salt.. Would that happen if they were popped enough
not having any luck microwaving in my 1100 watt microwave oven. Has anyone tried baking them?
Do these need to be refrigerated before they are cooked?
Are they gluten free?
I am not familiar with this product. Does it cook in the microwave or is that for warming them only?
I tried these a couple of years ago. I liked the flavor, and getting them hot from the oven. But man, I just couldn't eat some of 'em, they were SO salty. I don't normally mind eating salty stuff, but this was over the top for me. Anyone else having...
Can someone tell me the ingredients - do they have msg. Thank you
What months are the cookies delivered in the 6 month order and what kinds or cookies are delivered?
Approximately how many cookies per month? Wondering if this would be enough for the office staff.
Is the $6 shipping per month or total for the six months?
Does the delivery begin with the selection of the month in which you place your order, or with the first of the next month?
Do the cookies come as raw dough or are the delivered baked?
How many people does it serve?
How many people does it serve?
Hi i would like to order this for my sons birthday, its on 12th June, hes in Lowell USA.. when should i order it by so that it arrives in time, thanks
If I order a cake NOW can it get to Athens Ohio before Sunday April 26?
I want a cake delivered to Avon Park, Fl 33825 by Feb. 2, 2015. When should I place the order? Thanks!
I want book a cake for my bf's birthday and it's on Oct 8,he is in NJ,zip code 07029,so when should I place my order so he can recieve it ?
If I would like the cake to be delivered on 19th of this month to Houston,Texas, when should I place the order? Thank you.
I would like the cake delivered 15th this month. When should i place a order? For my husband's birthday. Thank you
I would like the cake delivered 9/5/14. When should I order it? We are going to Illinois for our Grand daughter's birthday
I ordered my cake today ,can it be delivered by 8/28?
Does that mean 24 packs x 100gr = 2.4kg for the price 32.32$.
What is the expiration date?
expiration date. can anyone tell me if there is an expiration date on the package?
Should I be concerned that these are from China?
what is the sodium contect?
what is the sodium content?
ingredients?
Is this a product of USA?
Is this what I should use for making purple pickled eggs? - Or is there something better for that purpose?
Could you make capsules out of this?
WHAT IS THIS GOOD FOR?
Is this gluten free
what is the serving size and how many mg of natural nitrates are in each serving?
what is the serving size and how many mg of natural nitrates are in each serving?
I want to use the beet powder to color my lip balm - would you suggest this product. Does it mix well or does it separate?
does it come from China
What is the difference between this quinoa and organic quinoa?
Preserving/Expiration: Can the bag be opened then just bag-clipped shut, ect?
What is the size the bag? Wide, tall and thick.
is this quinua non gmo and organic
What is the shelf life of this stuff after opening?
What is the sodium content? Cats (like humans) don't need added salt in their food.
Are the flakes on the xtra large side? My older cat likes the 1"x 3"
Does it have to be refrigerated?
How many cups would this contain?
Does this have msg?
I hope these folks are testing their tuna for radiation and disease before processing them? I am not finding anything on the labels..
Are the cans laced with BPA?
Roland Cconut Milk: How long does this product last?
What are the ingredients? I'm looking for an organic full fat coconut milk w/o any additives such as guar gum, etc.
Can I eat this product to help me detox
does this product lighten hyper pigmentation
What is needed to mix this clay into a facial mask? And how long do I need to leave it on my to dry?
Does this item contain sulfa?
can i add this to my powder foundation? Thank you!
Is this product organic?
Is this green clay right? it does not contain any chemicals
How many cups of powder are in the bag?
which is better, French green clay or bentonite
I just got the clay, which I intended to take internally; seems there is a smell to the clay, are they using eucalyptus or something?
Is this food grade bentonite clay? Can I take it internally?
Is this clay better than Redmond clay for making a teeth remineralizing toothpaste?Also,are there any differences in quality.This one is cheaper.
does the metallic bag interfere with the ion field of the clay?
Is this product calcium bentonite or sodium bentonite? I'm looking for the kind you should ingest to help detoxification process.
Yeah how much do you use?? it comes with no directions
What strength is this powder?
Does this powder include shells and seeds with the active ingredient GOPO galactolipid?
how many servings are in a 16 oz bag?
How many grams of fat and carbohydrates per serving please! Thanks so much!
Another answerer mentioned icing. Can anyone verify that this is powdered enough to make maple icing? Thanks!
Do you mix this with say filtered water....and it makes syrup?
Is this granulated or powdered?
What is in this? How is it made?
Does it contain anti-caking ingredients or is it 100% pure sugar?
how long can you store it before use?
Can you give me an idea how much syrup this would make if reconstituted?
Is this unmodified potato starch?
Is this product the same as potato flour? Can I make potato bread with it?
is it certified gluten free?
Is this raw potato starch? I notice the label does not specifically say "raw."
Can it be frozen or put in the fridge for freshness?
what is the country of origin of this product? where are the potatoes grown, and where processed? thanks.
can I use this to make tortillas with?
how do you use this item?
Is potato starch the same as potato flour?
Is it raw? (unmodified)
Is the consistency of this wheat grass very fine like powdered sugar?
The product said certified organic, but the bar code start with number 8. It means GMO organic.. Please confirm.
Where is this product sourced? Country of origin?
Does it actually say it is a product of USA? Please do not say it is grown in Norway Iowa USA; that's the corp. addr.
Could someone tell me how many tsp or tbsp to use for a 1 ounce shot? Thanks!
Does it actually say "product of USA"? Can't find it on the front label. thx.
what is the recomened serving size?
does this powder come from the juice of the plant or the plant?
Do you microwave this stuff? Is this stuff supposed to be served at room temperture?
What is this made of?
How long after opening the container does the buttery topping expire?
What does it say for cholestoerol on this product?
Does anyone know where they catch these sardines?
Batch I just received contained over-cooked, salty product. Anyone know why?
what is the mg number of the sodium jn the sardines
Is the nutritional info on the label (calories and fat, etc) with the butter or without? It's not clear.
How spicy is this? Mild, Medium or Hot?
The instructions say to mix the chicken pieces with the other ingredients. I know this will sound dumb, but is that precooked chicken or raw?
Has anyone done this in a slow cooker (aka crock pot) before? Would it be good as a set-at-bedtime, wake-up-to-curry kind of dish?
does anyone know for sure if this is gluten free? appears to be from label ingredients.
You just get 6 packs of sauce for this price of $19.99? That seems rather expensive, am I missing something?
what do you need to add? would like to see the directions from the box
This may sound funny but I have no idea what this tastes like....is it anything like Thai food? Thanks!
Does it have MSG?
are the chicken fed organic feed, free range and free of anti biotics and hormones and other additivites
does the package need to be refrigerated?
What is the shelf life of these chicken pouches?
Is the packaging bpa free?
Does this mix produce those extremely dark brown almost black heavenly tasting buckwheat pancakes ?
There are only two of us. Does this mix last a long time on the shelf? And can it be used as a replacement for flour in fried foods?
buckwheat % wheat%
I would like to make blueberry muffins with buckwheat. Can I use this for muffins?
Why is wheat gluten listed as an ingredient? What purpose does it serve?
How do i use this product to make pancakes? Where is the recipe?
Can one use water in place of milk? Can one use buttermilk in place of regular milk? Can olive oil be substituted for vegetable oil?
Is this product vegan?
I am new to making waffles, I have an electric iron, can I just add sugar to the mix ?
what will the expiration date be on the product?
What is thecarbohydtare and fiber content per serving?
Would you recommend this mix for muffins?
Can you find out or read the expiry date before the purchase?
Is this different than cake flour?Will I be able to use this as cake flour?
Is this a COMPLETE pk mix or do I need to add eggs and whatever?
Where are the nutrition facts for these? WHy doesn't Amazon.com post them for food products?
What are the ingredients in the Traditional Wild Garden Hummus?
what is the shelf life
please, what are the spices~ I my have a food alergy and i need to know&acirc;&#128;&brvbar;thank you!
Do these need to be refridgerated?
How many are in the box?
Does the price includes "3" bottles of 32 oz each, for a total of "96oz"? Please confirm before I place an order. Thanks EVB
How many windows can this 32 oz bottle cover, before all the liquid runs out? I notice the package doesn't say whether it'll clean 2-3 windows or 100.
What is the dilution ratio of the sprayer bottle?
HOW FAR WILL THE SPRAY GO, SECOND FLOOR WINDOWS?
What am I doing wrong - windows look horrible - used with windex long handle pad cleaner - please help!
does it connect to a 1/2" gardena type hose ?
Would this product remove spider drop off stains from vinyl siding?
How high can this reach with a regular garden hose?
Is this good for face?
My shipment arrived frozen (bitterly cold in the Midwest). Will this affect the taste / quality of the EVOO?
How many bottles of Columela Ollive Oil come in a Case ans could I save on shipping abd handling?. Please help Thank You Very much
does the bottle contain an "HARVESTED ON or "BORN ON" date? Also, is there a slight "throat burn" while swallowing this oil?
when was this oil harvested?
What is the smoke point for this EVOO?
Approx. how many cups is a 1 lb. bag?
How long do the packages stay fresh?
Is this dried comfrey a nice, vibrant green or is it brown? And, does it have a smell?
Would comfrey tea benefit a small rotator cuff tear?
Is this product irradiated?
To make a tea can it be boiled in a pot of water and strained out into a cup to drink? Should I use honey, sugar or nothing at all?
What is the dry volume of a 1 lb bag? 1 cup? 2 cups?
Which comfrey is used for poultices, comfrey leaf or comfrey root? I am using it for an inguinal hernia.
Has anyone used this to increase milk production?
There is a warning label on my big bag of Organic Comfrey Leaf: Safety Guideline-For External Use Only. Why is everyone talking about making tea?
I know this question was asked a couple of months ago, but currently, does this formula contain the OptiGRO?
where can you get the nipple
Once opened, how long can the milk in these bottles be used? 1 hour, 2 hours, 48 hours how many? Does refrigerating helps or is required?
I would like to ask if this product could be shipped to China?
Do the regular baby nipples fit on these 8 ounce bottles like the 2 ounce bottles?
Is it Early Shield or OptiGRO? Product description says early shield whereas product images show OptiGRO and Early Shield. What is this in reality?
How long can it store open it opens?
similac 8 oz read to feed: does it come with nipple?
What is the expiration date on the product? I trust Amazon makes sure it's not expired...?
What are the dimensions of this item?
The 20 and 30 count have different tins. Are they the same?
The description is for Hot Cinnamon Spice but the photo shows Hot Cinnamon Sunset. Which is it? I want the Spice.
This is second order and it tastes nothing like first???? Has qualty gone down? This has a terrible smell to the bags?
I assume with the artificial flavors that there is gluten in this?
Does anyone have any experience with Manuka Honey and Rosacea?
Are there instructions for use
How long does this keep after opening?
Is the jar made of plastic or glass? I have to check them in at the airport, need to make sure they are not easy to break
is this honey an approved umf rating??
Where is the UMF label on the front of the jar? Only the UMF label are legit.
What is the grade of this manuka honey? I have heard it needs to be over 12 plus.
I have a jar of manuka honey that is about 3 yrs old that I use for Sinus infections, is the honey still potent or does this loose its strength ?
So is this 16+ on UMF scale? How many mg.kg is that? thanks!
is manuka honey good for acne
The honey I just received is not clear, but has a cloudy appearance, and has a consistency that looks like that of a very well-pureed pear. Is this normal?
Is the Wedderspoon Raw Manuka Honey Active 16+ ORGANIC ? The bottle doesn't say Organic.
is the jar a bpa free container
Does this work on cold sores?
The picture shows a 2-ounce bottle. Is this really a 4-ounce bottle?
Is organic alcohol, alcohol?
I need to know if the product is derived from a nut or alternative. Is the product considered an allergen?
Does this have alcohol in it?
Is the extract clear?
I bought the 4 oz bottle. How do you avoid the drips on side of the bottle when you want only a few drops?
What kosher certification do you have on your almond extract? Do you have other kosher extracts? Can I have them shipped?
Glycerin is a byproduct of the bio-diesel production industry, can you please give sources for where you obtain yours?
what are the ingredients?
I would like to confirm whether the Bob's red mill baking soda that I would like to order stated "All Natural " are Aluminum free
Why word it aluminum free when only baking powder contains it, baking soda never did?
"*Bob's Red Mill Baking Soda Gluten Free (4x16 OZ)" Is that a misprint? Are there 4 packages of 16oz bags?
I would like to confirm whether the Bob's red mill baking soda that I would like to order stated "All Natural " are Aluminum free
I need to how much sodium in the chips
Where is the milk in the BBQ flavor? It says contains milk yet I do not see milk in the ingredients. How strange.
R any Popchips gluten free?
Are these packed well? I want to order but don't want to get a bunch of crushed chips
how many carbs per bag
How many chips per serving for the 15 carbs?
how many servings and calories per 3 oz bag?
If these are not fried or baked how are they 'popped'? A guess would be force hot air...this would still be a form of baking.
How many carbs are in a serving?
I've been buying original flavor Pop Chips for as long as they've been available, but my last order with the expiration date 07/14 tasted stale?
I need to how much sodium in the chips
Where is the milk in the BBQ flavor? It says contains milk yet I do not see milk in the ingredients. How strange.
R any Popchips gluten free?
Are these packed well? I want to order but don't want to get a bunch of crushed chips
how many carbs per bag
How many chips per serving for the 15 carbs?
how many servings and calories per 3 oz bag?
If these are not fried or baked how are they 'popped'? A guess would be force hot air...this would still be a form of baking.
How many carbs are in a serving?
I've been buying original flavor Pop Chips for as long as they've been available, but my last order with the expiration date 07/14 tasted stale?
Where is this product extracted from?
Could someone please list the ingredients, in the order they appear on the bottle's ingredient listing? Thank you.
glass bottle or plastic???
Is this product gluten free?
shipping rate for one bottle?
Would like to see supplement facts on back of bottle mg of ingredients
Why are you advertising this produt as Organic when the product I recieved is not Certified Organic?
Is this vegetarian? (Are there any ingredients listed in the back that are from beef/chicken/shrimp?)
I would like to know if this soup contains any chicken stock, beef stock or pork stock. Thank you
expiration
Are these noodles an option for vegeterian?? Are these noodles an option for vegeterian as in do they have eggs or any kind of meat??
From where do these mushrooms come?
Are these mushrooms organic?
Are these fresh or dried?
how many calories per packet
Do you know if this is the Nescafe CLASSIC coffee?
Does this product contain any skim milk or whey?
What is the difference between the Nescafe 3 in 1 Original and the Regular? Thanks!
How many sticks in the bag ?
Can someone please give me the ingredients on the back?
Is it ideal for making chocolate bars?
I'm wanting to dip different treats in this and have the chocolate harden. Will this work for that?
Can this also be melted in a crock pot?
Is this Kosher?
is this milk or dark chocolate?
can you reuse the chocolate or do you need a new bag each time???
I don't have a fountain, but I do have a couple bags of this chocolate. Can I use this to make chocolate covered strawberries for my party? thx,
Is this chocolate gluten free?
Opening tea bag? What exactly does this mean?
Is this tea decafinated
I am interested in its weight loss properties. Has anyone noticed any weight loss after using this tea? Dr. Oz recommended this product on his show.
Is this tea made in China?
What material is the tea bag made of? If other than paper is it toxic?
is kirkland green tea better than lipton green tea
Anyone has info where in Japan it is grown and produced? There're reports that japanese tea has elevated amount of radiation. Start to worry a bit.
does tea have caffeine
does Kirkland signature ito en contain caffeine
What is the "best by" date or expiration date?
approximately how many cups of chai-tea does it make?
How many calories in a tablespoon
any sweetners added
do they use any sulfites in the process
Is this thick like molasses or thin like regular vinegar?
what about Gluten?
Is this vinegar lead-free? Or at least better than other balsamic vinegars?
how many recess are in each 3 ounce bag
net carbs per serving
Do Reese's sugar free chocolate peanut butter cups contain trans fats!
what if I eat just a bit of the reese cup?
ingredients?
Does the packaging include info re; produced in a facility with peanuts or tree nuts?
are these chips considered mini like the size of mini chocolate chips?
Why is it that Simply Organic products cannot be shipped to Hawaii?
what is in it ?
Is this salt free?
is it gluten free
What is the reason you won't ship to Hawaii?? We're not a third world country!
What's the expiration date/shelf life?
Is this white or green stevia?
How fine is this grind? I'm considering steeping it. Would a tea ball suffice? Could I filter it with a coffee filter?
Is this product Kosher?
Where is this Stevia Grown??
Are there any fillers in this or is it 100% stevia?
I'm planning on using this to make my own liquid stevia. Approximately how many cups of loose leaves do you think this would be for recipe purposes?
Is this cinnamon - organic ceylon cinnamon?
I am looking for a organic pure cinnamon,with nothing added,can you help me.thank you.
well this disolve perfectly in water ? cuz the current cinnomen i have wont disolve that much at all
is this celan pue cinnamon?
Is this non-irradiated cinnamon?
Is this cinnamon ceylon cinnamon?
Given that this is not True Cinnamon, does it still have similar health benefits, or is it just for flavor?
Any idea how many teaspoons are in one 2.45oz jar?
does it have a shaker top?
Is this Saigon/vietnamese or Chinese or Korintje cinnamon?
do you need to refrig after opening? What is the shelve life after opening?
Can this be used for drinks? Or is this only for cooking?
I have been growing Ginger all my life, but didn't know proper name? Now I do, how can I tell if it is the kind that can be sold? Edible?
Would it be safe to melt the powder into water and apply to hair? I guess my question is that is there any other ingredients in the powder? I wanna ma
Is this Gluten fee since sometimes flour is added to spices to prevent clumping.Thank you
Can you tell me where the ginger was grown?
Simply Organic Organic Ginger: Is it plastic or glass bottle?
Does this carry the same health benefits as fresh ginger or did it lose its medicinal properties in this form and used just for taste?
origin of this brand ginger?
Is it USDA citified as organic?
is this marijuana?
Is this legal?
can u mix it with regular weed to make it taste better??
its great?
When will Amazon start selling weed? Will it be delivered by drone?
is this legal? smokeable?
it says shipping weight is 0.8 oz but it says 2 oz of cut?
is this weed?
Can this be used in the snoop dogg G herbal vaporizer
can this be used with a dry herb vape pen?
I plan to use these seeds in a smoothie. Do I have to grind them first?
Are they Non-GMO ?
You get 2lbs for this price?
I have a vitamix and make smoothies with it. I do add some minerals and hemp protein to it and do so at the end on low speed, is it okay to blend this
can you eat these straight out of the bag without grinding them?
where is the origin?
Where is the origin?
so is it a total of 32 oz?
How much soluble fiber ? insoluble fiber ?
Is there an expiration date stamped on the package? In the pic I see a code but not a date.
i have and eat coconut oil in a jar. is it the same as coconut butter?
What is the shelve life?
Since there's no info or image mentioning 'ingredients', I'd like to know if this has any added sweetener before purchase. Cheers!
is this the product that you use to make body butter?
Does this need to be refridgerated after opening?
Is it true that if I add water to this product that I can make coconut milk?
I know this is different than coconut oil, but what about coconut cream? I've seen canned cocnut cream at Trader Joe's.
I bought this butter but after opening has become hard. How do I warm it up before each use? I would not want to loose the nutritional value. Thanks
I understand this is a spread but what does it taste good on? Any recommendations? I guess I am asking for personal opinions.
I always find coconut butter too gritty. I imagined it much smoother and creamier. Is this different? does it help to put it through a blender?
Does this have sugar added. I am looking for almond butter without added sugar of any type.
Does this need to be refrigerated after opening?
Is the butter made from almonds with or without the shell?
Is this butter from domestic almonds.
100% almonds or is oil added?
got no salt?
does this product have an ou
Is it chunky or relatively smooth?
Is this in a glass jar? or plastic?
Is this the same as the artisana with the dark green label? This one looks to have a ton of oil on top whereas the dark green does not.
can i use this as frosting for cupcakes and how does it taste. and is it thick?
Has anyone added flavoring to it?
Is the icing supposed to be refrigerated after opening?
Does it taste good
What are the ingredients? And why can I not find them anywhere online? THis is a food product and needs disclosure for the ingredients.
is it thick or loose . and can i use them for cupcakes and does it take good .
How many sugar cookies would this decorate?
How do I determine how many buckets I need for a wedding cake?
is it kosher?
Whaat is it sweetened with
Is the vanilla flavor strong? Can you smell it?
what is the sugar content per one cup serving?
Ingredients!
I bought this, and the reviews were right...it tastes awful! Did anyone figure out a way to make this palatable?
What are the ingredients?
hi, is the lactic acid used is drived from alcohol ? Dose it contain any alcohol ?
Has anyone tried mixing this with PB2 to enhance the taste?
send to germany
Can you buy items in stores if so where
what I want to know is this peanut butter fat free
It looks strange to have a "Shipping Weight" of 2.9 lbs. for "3 lbs." of nuts?
Are these walnuts RAW?
Are these salted? I don't see where it says either way? Can someone help? Thank you!
Are these from the usa or imported?
Where are the nuts grown and do they contain any pesticide residues?
Where are these grown? No need to answer if not sure.
can these walnuts be frozen, and for how long?
Are these walnuts organic?
Why there are so expensive here? I love them I used to buy them at costco till i dont have costco around me anymore. and yes they cost around $16.00 plus minus $1
do they have salt on them?
Yorkshire tea vs Yorkshire Gold
Yorkshire Gold Tea: Are the tea bags individually packaged?
How does this compare in flavor to Irish or English breakfast tea? Also are the leaves like powder &amp; dustings or more of a whole leave? Thank you
Please tell me you're not going to hold my money for a month before shipping the product. Please, oh please say you'll actually ship it right away.
How does this tea compare to Lyon's Original Blend tea?
Got my new box of Yorkshire Gold, but the packaging is quite different from my last box. I tried it &amp; sadly, it's NOT the same tea. Is it a new blend?
I was served Yorkshire Peppermint Tea in bag form -- will Amazon be carrying this version?
Are these round bags without the strings or are they with strings?
1-click order for Yorkshire tea @ 13.99 - Unable to place 1-clickk order.
Have others found inconsistencies? Last box didn't smell right, more like plastic, bags were different, taste not the same. Disappointing!
Is this a solid form or a liquid form
Is this a product of China?
Is this in glass or plastic? If plastic is it BPA free?
Is this coconut oil unrefined oil?
Does it work with Starbucks bottles
How much syrup is dispensed for each pump? Is it about an ounce, 1.5 oz, .75 oz?
I just received one and am having problems getting it to fit the 1 liter plastic bottle. Can you give me an idea of what I am doing wrong?
Is the black stopper that came with my purchase available as a separate item?
Will this work with the plastic bottles as well?
Does this tree need natural light. Or is indoors ok?
will it be ok in the house year-round in low to moderate light?
How often and how much water does it need?
is the tree from seed or by air layering?
Are the rocks "super glued" in place or loose?
Is it possible to specify which color pot we can receive? If so, do you have any white ones?
drip tray: is the pot in the picture the same one that comes with the tree?
What is the difference between this Chinese Elm Bonsai and the 9GreenBox both sold by 9GreenBox?
Is there a specific food needed for this tree or does any bonsai food/fertilizer work?? Thanks :)
Does it come with the pot?
Is it an in door tree?
should the plant be misted?
The instructions say "soak" for 20 mins, so do I submerge the whole plant in water for 20 mins? I read online that bonsai needs to be soak in a pot?
do you have a combined shipping rate for ordering multiple items at one time?
Will this tree survive shipping to Minnesota in winter? Also, will this survive indoor in an office environment, not being watered on weekends?
how old is tree?
can i just set this on my desk or does it need care?
how big is the pot and is that a plastic pot or ceramic ?
is this in a glass jar?
Where is the honey from?
Does it comes in glass jar or plastic jar? some reviewers said they received plastic jars
Is the honey made in New York? I need to buy the local honey to cure allergy...........Thanks
Is it supposed to be factory sealed? I received a 1 lb jar with no seal and only about 90% of product present.
Is there a way to order just a jar of the toppings?
how is Amazon showing a $0.70 / ounce price for a 1lb item that costs over $16 ??
Should I stir it?
why does it say "pesticide" next to the product????
How much caffeine is in one Ferrero Pocket Coffee chocolate?
how do you prepare it?
What is the expiration date of your current stock?
What is the expiration date of your current stock?
Is this product made and shipped from Italy?
What is the Expiration date of your current stock?
What is the Expiration date of your current stock?
Can this be sent as a gift with a personal message?
Does this contain walnuts?
Please provide ingridients
How many calories in a regular recipe fruit cake
Please provide ingridients
I'm. Going to add apple and nutmeg. And cinnm is it ok
what are the actual ingredients?
does it have real roast beef in it?
Is it good as a topping for vanilla ice cream?
Does this product have high fructose corn syrup in it? We prefer to buy items with real cane sugar.
What are the fruits in the fruit cake. ( especially the green )?
Where can I find a list of the ingredients?
is there any alchol in thi fruit cake
What is the shelf life of these fruitcakes (unopened)? Wondering if I can order them weeks or a month in advance of when I need them.
How much does it weigh? I could not find the information on how it comes.
How does this fruitcake compare to Hostess? I'm buying for my grandpa and he likes Hostess, but apparently Hostess isn't making them any more sooooo..
does this contain Cinnamon?
does this contain pineapple
is there rum in this fruitcake
would this be a bad gift for a recovered alcoholic
What is the approximate size of each bottle (ie. 1" high, 2" high)?
What is the Dark Chocolate % in the product?
Do these chocolates contain dairy or eggs?
Hi, I have never seen chocolate liquors. Do they have alcohol in them? Or just the flavor of certain alcohol brands? Thanks.
Is there an expiration date on each box and is that date some months in the future?
Do you ship to England?
Is this fresh stock or old leaky candy?
How many flavors are repeated?
When is the expiration date?
What is the difference between unsulphured and sulphured molasses? Thanks to everyone who answered this question... I got some GREAT answers... I now know the answer to my question... Replies are no longer needed... again... THANK YOU ALL who took time...
Does it contain copper in it?
Is this item in plastic or a glass jar?
why is magnesium not listed on the label?
Is there a difference between the 32 oz and the 16 oz Golden Barrel as one person suggested?
Does it taste good?
Where is this made? I've read "Product of USA", but cannot find where the sugar cane is actually grown and processed.
What is the calcium and iron in one tablespoon?
hello , do you know if this is good to prevent gray hair? i'm reading about it and want to make sure this is the stuff i'm looking for?
How many carbs in a serving?
what is the shelf life of it?
I know this honey is organic, but is it RAW? Does it have all the health benefits of raw, natural honey?
Is this a plastic or glass container?
glass or plastic?
Is the plastic bottle BPA-free?
Is the origin of the product listed anywhere?
what country does it come from
how long are the expiry dates on these?
How many mg of DHA are in each serving of oatmeal?
What is the date of production
Would this be a good first food to introduce in lieu of the brown rice cereal?
How do you store this product after opening? How long is the shelf life after opened?
Nutrition Facts percentages on continer differs from listed ingredient percentages.Example: Iron on container says 80% vs 60% in description?
is that means there have 6 jars in one order?
I want to purchase now, when do they expire?
may i buy six cans with different flavors?
Hi, may I ask the expired date for the Pack of 6
Are the products used to manufacture this product all from the U.S.?
I want mix happy baby cereal with hot water, but with what temperature?
What's expiration date for Organic Baby Cereal with DHA, Choline &amp; Probiotics, Brown Rice, 7-Ounce Canisters if I buy it on March 21 2015?
I saw in one of the comments that you do test your cereal for arsenic levels. Would you be willing to share your average inorganic arsenic levels?
How long do babies eat this type of cereal? My son will be a year in August. Thanks!
are the vitamins sourced from natural foods or synthetic?
Is not B. lactis a milk related product? Also, how is calcium introduced in this product?
what's expiration date for brown rice&#xFF0C;oatmeal and multigrain&#xFF1F;
For brown rice cereal, what is the expiration date?
What age of babies does this kind of food fit?
Is the bottle glass or plastic?
does it smell like vanilla and and can it be used for baking
Is it sugar free ?If not how is it sweetened?
How far out are the 'best by' dates typically from when you receive the product?
are you selling 130oz total for this price?
does each bottle come with a pump
Is this $28 for 2 bottles or is this the price for each bottle?
does it have to be refrigerated
what is the best buy date?
it says pack of 6 - just exactly how much is it - 6 boxes of ?? tea bags? how many tea bags are in a box?
Hi. Does anyone know if this tea contains glutten?
why does this product not carry the USDA organic symbol since you claim its organic?
Storing Raw Organic Honey: Any info/suggestions on that issue?
Just received my jar. Is the honey supposed to be rock hard? It was sealed but the lid felt loose.
Why is it white in color? I have bought honey directly from a Bee farm and I have never seen it this color.
How have the beauty properties of this product been? e,g. for hair, skin ...
buckwheat
does anyone know the nutritional facts? such as calorie count
What is the difference between this honey and the other one advertised (Organic Raw Honey from the same company?
Does this honey come from free-range bees?
Do bees have access to growing corn or are they fed corn syrup?
Are these Turkish or American grown?
what is the weight
How many pounds of product in triple crate?
I'd like to know this is original one or fake.. Because I saw " guarantee tag" by other site.. but there wasn't tag. just jar...with out box..
what's the valid date of honey?
can you send to iraq ?
Why has the price jumped from $47.00 when I bought it in May 2014 to $78.00 ?
What's the expiry date on the stocks available now?
Are you shipping this product to China&#xFF1F;
Are you shipping this product to Europe e.g England or Poland?
does it need to be refridgerated after opening?
Is this MGO 400+ or MGO 550+? The pictures are from a MGO 400+ jar and in description is MGO 550+.
Is it raw.
how long before taking test should i drink it
How long does it stay in your body do you have to keep doing it or does the one last forever
Hi , could you please tell me what the expiration date is ? It is stamped onto the bottom of the 32 oz bottle.
will it work with absolutely No clean time for meth?
Does it only cleanse you for a short time? If I use it and stay clean could i still test positive a few days later?
What is the success rate for a light to moderate smoker who is 63 and female? Test is Monday and product will be here Thursday.
Does this cleanse for nicotine?
Would 1 bag be enough to make about 25 3" pieces for a class of 3rd graders?
Can you color this with food coloring or something to make a variety of colors?
Is this certified kosher?
When the tea leaf comes from China, it gives one pause: Why should I believe the government there is closely monitoring the organic certification?
How much caffiene does this tea have per bag?
How save is the oolong compared to organic?
is it organic
Does this tea smell like marijuana to you???
Is it free from fluoride???
My batch does not have an amazing sweet fresh cut grass aroma, did I get a stale box of tea?
Is this tea and the tea bags gluten free?
Can this ne shipped to the UK?
Is this tea good for weight loss?
Ground VS powder does it blend well if it ground?
Isn't this Cassia cinnamon, and doesn't cassia have high levels of Coumarin?
Is this the Ceylon cinnamon?
What is the shelf life (before and after opening)?
what is the oil content of this particular cinnamon?
What is the expire date since "Best By Jan 2014" is shown on the label?
Has this been tested for lead or other heavy metals? This has been an issue for some imported spices.
What are the ingredients in the tea?
Can I mix the tea with lemon/baking soda water?
Is this the best brand? I got Mountain Rose Herbs Essiac blend cheaper, but its more "muddy". What brand is best?
How do you make the tea
How many packets of tea in each box. Does each packet make 34 oz. What is the recommended daily amount? Thanks
What are the ingredients? I read the original tea had only four.How many does this have?
Does this have red clover in it?
how much does this box make flora essence
Ingredients
maybe I read incorrectly.. according to package each packet out of the three. makes a quart then it adds... "dilute with equal amount" so does that mean it really makes 2 quarts? and my other question is...if that's the case... why not brew 2 quarts...
What's the expiration date? How are they shipped so that it doesn't melt and get crushed? Where is it being shipped from?
Where are they shipped from and when can delivery be expected from order date
The BIGGEST concern: what's the expiration date? Today is 2014/07/28.
what's the expiration date? it's Feb 20, 2015 today. thanks!
Are these 30 packs or 30 bars? Since each pack has 2 bars in it, it is confusing how many packs for sale.
What is the date on these boxes?
Is this a new "no knead" formula? Is it much different from the original?
can i add pepperoni to the italian mix
do you have a book with tips on preparing these mixes like how to get you water at 80degrees i the micro
Is this bread mix for bread machines only? Can it be baked in a standard oven?
Does this contain wheat gluten?
How much stock does it actually make? For example--some bases you use 1 tsp. for 1 cup of water....
is there a date on it?
how much salt is in it.
what size is the package?
are these nuts raw or roasted?
Are they salted?
How long does it take to feel the benefits?
I have read elsewhere to keep this product in the refrigerator. Is this truly recommended to preserve potency?
Are these capsules easy to swallow, even though large? And just how large are they? Any comparison in general to Garden of Life Perfect capsules?
how much vitamin A in one capsule?
are there any tomatoes or peppers in this product ?
What's the difference between the Original and the ORAC?
The description says it has "FOS a pre biotic from chicory root", but I don't see it in the ingredient list. Is that an error in the description?
I'm a little confused. The bottle says 150 Capsules, but the reviews mention it being a powder. Which is it?
Can anyone tell me the TOTAL amount of iodine that is in a serving? Is the label including the amount of iodine contained in all ingredients?
Does it come in a smaller quantity bottle
For recipes that call for GF flour, should I use 3/4c per 1c, or use the exact amount in the recipe?
Are the flours used in this blend the Superfine rice flours?
Is there a flour out there with out cornstarch when arrowroot would be better? Does this flour have non-GMO cornstarch?
Are six 3-pound bags in this sale? I'm not sure what the 6 count is?
Does this purchase include one or six bags of the flour?
Does this work well with sourdough starter?
is this flour nut free/
Has many made tortilla with this?
Can I use this product on yeast recipes if I add the Dough Conditioner to the mix
This states "6 count" &amp; shows a 3 pound package, so 18 pounds total?
I'm thinking about trying the chocolate Green Superfood powder in my morning protein shake. Anyone tried it that way?
Is this version really any different than the one they have specifically for kids?
Does anyone know how many scoops are in a container? I am considering ordering the 8 1/2 ounce size. This is my first time trying. Thank you.
How much caffeine does it have per serving? I started drinking it every morning, but it gives me the jitters
Gluten free? It says it's gluten free, but I see that barley and wheat grass are listed as ingredients. Any celiacs drink this without reacting?
does this contain any sugar?
Is there carrageenan in this? I see reviews that say it is but the list of ingredients does not state that?
How much probiotic does it have ? 1 billion, 10 billion etc
Does this mix okay in hot water? I make oatmeal with protein powder &amp; am thinking about adding this.
I currently drink Amazing Meal every morning for breakfast and now I am confused. What is the difference between this and Amazing Meal?
This product looks amazing but it doesn't say what it does specifically...What does this product DO? Aaaand, can i mix it in with my protein shakes?TY
Does this product contain any caffeine...added or naturally occurring? Just wondering if I should avoid taking this in the evening.
Will this help me lose weight?
is it good for the skin and hair
Is this product Soy Free? Thank you!
gluten free?
Hi, what does users mix the fruit flavors such as lemongrass, lemon-lime, and tangerine with to drink?
Does this contain any man made/refined ingredients or is it all natural?
Can somebody recommend other ways I can mix this powder? I find it does not taste all that great when mixed with water. Can you post your recipes?
i already take MSM flakes plus other supplements, would adding this be too much?
is this produch Non GMO?
I recently read that Wheat Grass can reverse/slow the grey hair process, has anyone noticed this?
Hello- is this pure organic wheat grass powder -- or are there any other ingredients?
Do I have to refrigerate the canister once it is opened?
Is the chlorophyll in this product pure chlorophYLL or chlorophLLIN?
Does anyone know if the powder is juice powder or plant powder?
Anyone know anything about the company who makes the product? Wondering if GMO plays in this. Appreciate any knowledge shared
Is there any sugar in this tea? Which natural flavor is in it?
Does the box on the organic version list "Natural Flavors" as an ingredient?
Just had the last teabag from an old box, not the organic version, that says Gluten Free on the side. Is the organic Sweet&amp;Spicy GF?
how many packages
is there expiration dates? How long does it last?
how does this compare to nutiva coconut manna? esp wondering about texture, consistency. thanks for the answers! I thought the smaller quantity aseptic(?) packaging is also a plus.
Do you think this would taste good used as a coffee creamer?
is it a good replacement for heavy cream in baking?
Is this the same as Cream of Coconut or the two items completely different?
how much carbs per serving
Mine arrived lst week &amp; they are hard as a brick - exp 2016, room temp. Can it be revived through heating, or should consider them toast?
Once opened, how long does it last? Thanks
Please, How Many calories in One Package? Am I right to assume its 190 per serving which would make one 7 oz package 1330 calories in total?
How many ounces per packet? I have a 6.6 lb box, and my recipe calls for 1 packet.
Is this non GMO wheat as well?
is this product winter wheat?
what is the difference between red and not red
Is the 5 gallon bucket air tight? What is the shelf life of the wheat? Is the lid resealable?
How you open it?
Does this contain "the mother"?
Can this product be used as a facial toner?
Can this unpasturized vinegar be used for canning? What is the acidity of this vinegar?
is this in glass or plastic?
Why does this stuff have a few calories per tbsp, but Bragg's has none?
Is this the same diamond crystal kosher that is sold in the cylinders? I can't find it anymore here. Thanks.
Does this salt contain ANY other ingredient ... like anti-caking agents? Thank you.
Is this salt large enough to go in a grinder or are they flakes?
Is this salt ionized or not?
how to store? refrigerator or room temp?
Do the syrups expire, what do you think the shelf life is for the syrups? Thank you.
could i use this syrup to flavor my alcohol drinks at my bar or would it not work?
Are the bottles plastic or glass -- we would like to use at the co picnic
what are the ingredients ?
Are these flavors ready to use or do they have to be mixed?
do the top come with the syrup that you poor on to the syrup.
How Many sno cones does each bottle make?
What are the ingredients. Do they have corn syrup or sugar?
what are the flavors?
Looking at the photos of labels they have only 7 grams of sugar but 22 grams of carbs. How is this even possible?
How much liquid will one container of Thick-it 36 Oz thicken?
What is the nutritional and caloric values of this product?
Can this be put into a drink--say a whole bottle of juice and allowed to sit in the refrigerator without continuing to thicken too much.
Is there an ingredient list on the back of the bottle?
WILL IT CAUSE HARD STOOLS?
how many calories in one serving?
IS it STARCH OR A GEL?
Is this product the square 36 oz. with the yellow lid? The picture looks different until you go to purchase. Thank you
How many cookies is that total?
I believe that these cookies are dairy-free. Is that correct? (lactose intolerant)
Are Bisoff cookies kosher?
Do the cookies contain any nuts at all?
What is the sugar count on these cookies?
Are all 5 packs the same type of Biscoff cookie or are they different varieties?
Is this product tested for radiation and pesticide residue?
Since Emerald Cove no longer sells 50 sheet packages of Nori, I was wondering what the expiration dates are on these? Thank you!
I'm confused, it's a 4 pack... so is that a total of 200 sheets? or are they 4 packs that total 50 sheets? Are they full size sheets?
What kind of oil is used in processing?
What is the expiration date on these?
How much caffeine is there in each serving or each 1-2 gallon pot you make from a bag?
The picture shows a cranberry hibiscus tea but the description is the paradise tea. I want to make sure it's the regular paradise tea before ordering
Is this the original Paradise tea, im so confused with this packaging. I was told it's the loose tea but this doesn't look like it at all? Help!
Is there an expiration date on this product?
Would any one know if paradise tea still makes the passion fruit tea?
when you drink this tea at Cheesecake factory it says 90 calories and also several grams of sugar. Why is this?
How do you brew this tea?
I ordered the large decaf tropical tea sent from Smuckers; this is the second box. It does not taste the same as previously ordered. Has it changed?
How long does this pack of 25 last? I Use a tea infuser spoon to make my tea.
Is this tea packaged in tea bags or just loose tea? Thanks
Is this the same tea It's a Grind uses as well? Or is it a different one.
How many total ounces of tea are offered in this "3-Ounce (Pack of 25)" advertisement?
i used to get this tea at Trader Joe's. And loved it, but they discontinued it. I'm wanting decalf though. Are the decalf paradise teas offered here at amazon by the same manufacturer and company. With the same great flavor? I don't recognize the...
I want to know the expiration date for the tea I just received. Has an odd smell. Batch number 65410464
how many tbs of tea for l gal of ice tea. also can tea be made as sun tea?
Are the decaf bags marked with the logo or just the words Decaffeinated? I got some that was just marked Decaffeinated although the box had the logo.
How much does one tea bag make?
What flavor is it?
Does the Decaf taste the same as the regular version of paradise tea?
Why has the price of the decaf version of the Paradise tea risen to such a ridiculous price----i have bought it for years, starting at Trader Joes for around $2---then at Amazon at a reasonable price
Did anyone buy it recently? Does it still contain Titanium Dioxide?
What is titanium dioxide? is it harmful? impressed this is made with xylitol, NO aspartame or sucose
what is the weight in grams of each piece?
After the bottle is opened, what is the shelf life of the product?
other sizes of same don't contain Titanium Dioxide. Do these still have it?
What are the dimensions?
Are these candles refillable?
Is it 50 hours of burning per candle? So 36 candles would be 1800 hours?
How many in a case?
size
are ths flowers like chamomile flowers or not?
Country of origin?
How many cups of tea will I get from this package?
What ingredients are in with the hibiscus flowers, IE sugar, preservatives, etc
i hope it unsweetened. I bought it assuming that it was. am i correct?
Is this a fine powder? Or the parts of the hemp that don't break down so well? Does it blend completely into smoothies?
What is the difference between the hemp protein and shelled hemp seeds?
it says the ingredient is 100 hemp but then in the description, says there is fiber added? does anyone know which is true?
The label claims 12g of dietary fiber, and yet also states it is "Not a significant source of dietary fiber.." Is this a labeling error?
From where does this come? In what state is it grown, packaged?
Although this is a powder, has this product been irradiated to destroy its reproductive abilities?
Does this come from (processed) in China?
Why did you remove the free shipping on this product?
Hi, I just ordered this , how do you store it to keep it fresh? Refrigerate ? Thanks
Has anyone found a method that will bind the hemp powder so it's not gritty, since it doesn't dissolve. I've tried adding fats etc but not working.
are these markers American made?
could these be used on objects made out of sugar?
Hello. Is it a set of ten? There are eight on the photographs. Thank you.
Would this work on a Baskin Robbins Ice Cream Cake?
I would like to use the yellow pen on black fondant for making jerseys on cupcakes. Will the yellow pen be bright enough on black fondant?
What are the ingredients listed for these?
Can these be used to write on edible paper?
are these markers Kosher?
Would these work to color on a sugar cookie with no icing? I am looking for a simple project at my sons birthday party for 2-5 yr olds.
do you ship them internationally?
Can you clarify the number? In the title it says 12 pack, but in the description it says 6. Thanks!
BPA: Does Muir Glen use BPA in the lining of it's cans???
Are the can linings white or orange/gold? Muir Glen did convert to BPA free, didn't take the cans with BPA (white) out of circulation.
are this peeled tomatoes, I don't like having tomato skins floating in my sauce
I need the pink yellow and blue, is that possible? I don't want the red
you show 3 colors pink, pepper mint blue and yellow. is that all the colors?
I need two packs of 12 each and in red blue and yellow or green colors, just no pink? Can the seller please confirm...
Are these bubble gums? Are those safe for kids?
Is the Double Bubble mark permanent or can it come off? Thank you for any immediate help - need some quickly! :-)
are the colors blue pink red and yellow?
what colors do these come in?
What is the size of this gum ball machine?
most oils need no refridgeration after opening. does red palm oil need refridgeration?
How does it compare with competing brands?
Is the oil in a plastic or glass container? I have bought this twice and I got different bottles/
is this RSPO Trademark?
Hi I would like to know if this product can be used for hair. I am searching for the red oil that is used to nourish hair and is 100% natural.
What organization certifies that it is kosher?
what country does it come from and why doesn't it have organic on the label
Is it Organic? Why isn't it on the label? (I have seen Okonatur RPO labeled organic, but this one is not). Thanks.
Is this product raw and do you pasterize/heat up in anyway?
Does this product come from a sustainable source?
what temperature best suites the 3 money tree plant.
If I order several bonsai plants, can I have a break in shipping?
This plant comes with a piece of red twine at the top. Should that be removed or not, and will removing affect how the plant grows? Thanks.
Is it considered hard to grow?
Does the plant come with a pot?
When is it appropriate to replant these plants? I've had mine since February?
How tall does this get and do you have to continually braid it during growth or is that as tall as it gets?
will I have to keep braiding it, or will it grow like that from the trunk??
Does this come with something that explains this as a money tree?
My plant leaves are WITHERING and DYING! What do I do? I have other kind of plants, not purchased really from your company that are not dying.
I bought a year ago. The tree is now about 2' tall. Another little banana tree has popped up next to this one. Can I remove/replant the little one?
Does anybody know how many fruits this can produce?
I re-potted my plant into a 8" diameter pot and watered it enough but the edges of the leaves are turning dark. Please help!
Does this come with the fertilizer?
Bought 2 in December. Currently have them in a 11" pot. There are now 12 leaves on each plant. What pot size and how many pot transplants at maturity?
does it produce fruit
After recieving this plant, how long will it take to bear bananas?
Did anyone plant it in the ground? If so, how did it do?
Will it grow near a window that has bright, but indirect light?
Is it organic or does it contain gmos?
Can this go in an industrial popcorn popper with the oil and corn?
Have both Stir Crazy elec &amp; Whirley Pop for stove...does caramel stick &amp; make difficult cleanup?
Can this be applied as a seasoning after popping?
Can you use this if you are just popping pop corn in a regular pot?
can u use air popper
I have a Presto "Orville Redenbacher's" stirring popper. Will it work in this and how?
How would I apply this to glazed cookies? Approximately how much would I need for 120 cookies
Will this dust provide a sparkle/luster if mixed into frosting before being piped onto cupcakes? Or will it look better sprinkled on?
Can I mix this in Buttercream frosting to pipe silver on? I think it would be too messy trying to get it "only" where I need it to go.
Is it vegan and is it gluten free?
Can you taste it or is it flavorless?
Would this work if I put it in a liquid? I am wanting to add it to lemonade for a little girls tea party...
can I mix it with my transparent car finish?
How would i use this on chocolate coverd strawberries
Would this work on macaroons?
Is this made from actual platium? I would like a list of the ingredients, please.
how do you clean it in order to use for cold foods
Is this salt block a full 2 inches thick and was the packaging adequate to prevent damage during shipment ?
what is it and what do you do with it?
what are the benefits of hymalayan salt - eat or cook?
It says $7.50 per item...does that mean this is for 2 bulk packages of 15 oz EACH or 30 oz total, making 5 gallons?
It says the price is $15.99 for 15 oz Package. ($8.00 per item) So is this listing for #2 15 oz Packages? Or $15.99 per 1 15 oz package?
How many packets of Spatini come in one $19.99 order?
Do you pack 6 in one? I am also concern about that there is a review stated that the lobster is not fresh and tough, what do you say about this?
some customer stated that the lobster was tough. So Is it fresh or what?
I would like to send it to my friend, who is very picky with seafood, so I was wondering do you think will like it? Can you also pack 6 in one package?
How long will an opened container stay good in the refrigerator? (I am the only person who likes coffee in my household.)
When they say 32 cups, what size cup do they mean? And, can you just use ice water to mix with it - do you need to use milk? (I like black coffee)
When they say 32 cups, what size cup do they mean? And, can you just use ice water to mix with it - do you need to use milk? (I like black coffee)
Does it dissolve easily?
Is the product indeed manufactured/prepared in Netherlands? (I've been stuck with badly advertised nido before)
I try to order this item to be shipped to canada, but it wont let me. any idea whats the problem?
Do you ship to canada?
The product was not made by holland?
I want to know the product made in which country?
Hi, if have you tried both Nido and Peak milk powder..which one tasted/felt closer to real milk?
What is listed under ingredients?
How many carbs does this have?
How many grams of powder does it take to make one liter of whole milk?
What is the shelf-life of the powder if kept in airtight container? (under refrigeration; freezing?)
How much buttermilk powder and water do I mix to get one cup of buttermilk?
what is the fat content?
Is it as healthy as real buttermilk, as regards the gut probiotics, do you know?
how much reconstituted buttermilk does the package make?
What is the sodium count in this product?
I heard that Bob's Red Mill xanthum gum was gluten free and corn free. Is it corn free?
I can a tomato chutney every few years, and it always has too much liquid in it. Would something like this work when canning and would it last?
I have heard that Bob's Red Mill Xanthan Gum was made using wheat. Is it?
How long does this last? It seems like a lot and am wondering if there's an expiration date.
Is this granulated or a powder?
Can you use Xanthan gum for homemade toothpaste?
can this be a substitue for potato flour
Is this true? My receipt for this warns "these products contain a chemical that is known to the State of CA to cause cancer"...etc
Is this product raw?
whats the differnces between potoato starch flour &amp; potato starch?
Inulin, which you can buy on Amazon, tastes like stevia and is supposed to be more convenient to use than this flour. Has anyone used Inulin?
Exactly what is unmodified mean? Does it mean the product is free of sulfites which have been used to maintain the whites color of starch? Please hel
Is this product non-GMO?
Is it a resistant potatoe Starch
whats the differnces between potoato starch flour &amp; potato starch?
can you sub with something else can`t find it
Is the diet cream soda really good tasting?
Does the tonic water use real sugar or an artificial sweetner?
Is the tonic water colorless?
Why does Soda Stream use Acesulfame artificial sweetener in their regular formula? Funny people don't know this or they would know why it tastes funy
Quinine
what is the source material? My sister-in-law can only have xylitol derived from birch.
I saw the word "Powder" and thought it would be a good substitute for Powdered sugar. It's not, any suggestions?
Is this powdered enough to sub for powdered sugar? Like in frostings?
Where is this xylitol made? Thanks.
Are there any other ingredients besides the strawberries, do they contain fruit juice, sugar, oils, etc?
Is there any additives or sugar added?
Are these 100% strawberries? Or is there added ingredients like sugar?
What are the ingredients?
Is this a single bottle or 12-pack? It says something about a 12-pack in the description.
Is there a difference between key lime juice and Key West lime juice?
does your Oolong have caffeine in it
what other ingredients are in this tea
is this black oolong tea ?
Could I brew this as a cold brew? I like plain tea and have been using the cold brew tea bags. Could i simply add this into my existing tea?
what country is this oolong tea from
What is the expiration date on these?
Should I drink oolong tea before or after meals?
How does this work for weight loss?
is this tea FDA approve
How long does will it stay tasting fresh if I don't open the package?
Do you know if any of the Cherry string Licorice's are kosher?
How long is each string? Need to make edible jewelry.
I need these for a craft item kids will be making. I need the spaghetti noodle size ropes, not thick ones. Do you have those?
Is this product only the flowers or is it a tea mixture? I need just the flowers to make some salve and lotions and wanted to double check.
Are these cultivated without chemicals/pesticides?
can i infuse this with oil to use as a herbal remedy?
Hey that's a lot of tea!! May take me a whole year to use all of it. How do I store it? Refrigerate?
Does marigold (calendula) tea stain the teeth?
HOW MUCH is shipping to UK zipcode HP26PF? please reply asap
Are these flowers edible for making a seasoning blend, I love cooking with flowers
has anyone ever used this as a mouthwash?
Is this product organic?
How much do you use to make tea?
Does this product contain soy?
Does it work with gluten free bread recipes?
Should it be refrigerated, kept in the freezer, or what?
This roduct arrived today and made my whole house smell like fabric softener. Is this anyone else's experience? thinking of sending back.
Can you make omelettes with it?
Have you egg replacer. Need to whip egg whites for a lava cake. Any sujestion for something that would make the lava cake lighter like whipped egg w
Has anyone tried this to replace egg yolks in an ice cream recipe?
Can this be used to make meringue?
How long does this product last?
Is this product processed in a facility where they use milk or peanuts?
Are these super big pills? Bigger than say an advil soft gel?
What's the difference between Magnesium and Magnesium Citrate??
I'm on my second bottle, and this time around the tablets have a strong smell/taste- kind of like rubbing alcohol or something. Is this normal?
Is there sodium in this, as in the magnesium citrate solution? If so, how much? I need something w/out sodium.
can someone confirm that the item weight is correct?
Will it help with constipation...
Is this enteric coated?
Has anyone tried the Softgel version? Are they larger than fish oil pills?
Has anyone found this product to have a very strong, offensive smell, right from the bottle? And is this normal?
Where is this magnesium sourced from?
Is this cold pressed? I heard the US allows you to go up to 400 degrees with cold press.... so just wondering how high this went? Thanks
Does this have to be refridgerated?
Does this oil come in a glasss bottle?
why is your organic macadamia nut oil almost $73 for 16oz when the others are around $12 for the same size?
Is it bottled in glass?
Will this oil emulsify easily? I'd like to try to make mayonnaise with it.
what are the exact ingredients. percentage of pure macadamia nut oil?
What are the expiration dates of the NOW Products Macadamia nut oils that are being sent out now?
Is the 16oz product in a glass or plastic bottle, glass I hope?
Why so expensive?
What is the expiration date on the bottom of the cans?
is it 4 six packs for 9.98
Is product soy and dairy free?
what is the expiration date?
Does this product contain GMO ingredients?
This product is priced wrong on Amazon. Tried to order at $499 and it shows as $888
what is the exp date?
what growth medium is used in the making of this brand? (what is it fermented on?)
serving size per bag
What volume (1/4 cup?) is 1 oz?
are these the dried crunchy kind or soft chewy?
What is the country of origin?
Are they organic?
Do they have added sugar, or it all natural from the mulberries themselves?
How many bags are included in the order?
Is this product unrefined?
can you or do you use this for cooking ? thanks let me know if you use if for cooking i am looking for coconut cooking oil
Does this oil come in a GLASS jar/ container?
Are these the regular size or smaller size.Like the ones they give away for Halloween?
expiration date per box
are these individually packaged?
Is this Ceylon c. Or cassia c.?
I have heard that a lot of cinnamon is actually ground wood soaked with cinnamon oil. How do I know what I am purchasing?
What is the country of origin for this product? (i.e. where does the cinnamon come from, and where is it packaged?)
Is there papaya in the tenderizer?
does "no msg and unseasoned" mean no salt? thank you
Is there papain in it?
How long does this product keep? It's a rather large size but a really good buy.
Should meat be tenderized at room temperature ? I use Adolph's Meat Tenderizer but my wife insists on putting the tenderized meat back in the refrigerator until it is time to cook it. She is hesitant to leave meat at room temperature even for 30 minutes.
Does this have salt in it?
Is the papain what tenderizes the meat?
Do these candies contain hfcs?
Is the center in a clear liquid?
can these be frozen
Does this product contain MSG?
Is the dark chocolate vegan (no dairy ingredients)?
what is the expiration date for this item?
What is the difference in taste and benefits between organic and regular green tea? Need to know before I buy.
Is the bag non chlorine bleached?
Is this one box or a case of 4 boxes 160 bags each?
Is doesn't say gluten free. Is it?
Is it herbal green tea
can this be used for hair?
This appears to be in a plastic container. If so, what type of plastic is the container? (#2, 4, 5, etc)
Is amazon the seller? Who is the seller?
Do I need to keep it cold?
Does this come with plastic conteriner or glass container?
Is it good for your skin
how do you cook with it?
smoothies
I got short hair,Like a fade type haircut so I can use it as daily hair moisturizer?
Is this product produced in a facility that also processes peanuts? Would/should be on label if so.
What are the ingredients? I'm looking for an actual list, not some vague "made with whole foods like apples and kale".
Is this a one month supply?
I sent away for a packet of juice plus but it has arrived without any guide. Can anyone tell me the amount I have to use for a meal?
I was wondering how these bottles were stored once they were already shipped to a customer. Should I order directly fromJP since they are $20 cheaper?
what is the date on the product?
Does this product ship out side US? Example Japan
Are they misleading in their advertising?
please cancel question
Is Juice Plus a herbal supplement?
what is in the juice
My dh bought a bunch of this - how do we consume it?? I've added it to fruit smoothies.
Lead? I see no test results in the reviews. Just anti China hype. Please post some real data.
How many oz of powder you get for this price?
Try NOW Organic Barley Grass Juice Powder. Utah grown, so they say. Has anyone tried this one?
Is this product from the US or China?
the directions is not in English can you please help me my packets are sitting there been and I cant make nothing cause I need the directions Please !!! &#x1F449;
Are the packages single packages or double packages?
Is the same stuff as Dr. Oetker Whip-It?
Can this product be used with whipping cream in a charged dispenser?
Does this add flavor to the the heavy cream, hoping it has a light flavor to butter. I don't like buttercream to sweet . Any suggestions ?
Is this stabilizer gluten free?
is it white mulberrys?
where are your white mulberries grown?
Is the product free of any traces of gluten?
have the trees been sprayed with bug spray or any other cemical ?
Are your mulberries organic?
Can the dried white mulberries be frozen? Will they hold their consistency and nutrition when thawed?
I just read an article on British candy that said these are made with food starch, not gelatin. Is it just certain brands that do not use gelatin?
Any explanation as to the doubling in price?
gluten free??
What is the source of the gelatin? Beef or???
ismmy terf red
What are the ingredients?
Can this be used in a no bake cookie recipe without unhealthy bacteria or contamination? I would need to add the water to so ingredients will stick .
I used to buy this product in the super market for about $6.00. does anyone find the current price of almost $50 a problem
Can this product be used to make angel food cake?
I was wondering what a serving size is and how much protein is in each serving?
Please clarify amount of product in this item: is it 2 units of 3 oz. each, for a total of 6 oz.?
Does this have USDA Organic Seal of Approval?? There is no description of such and no picture.
How much heat have these been exposed to?
are these beans ferminted? or truly raw?
Does this product come in a sealed package?
Can I just put these in my mouth and eat the chocolate off?
I don't roast or peel them. Do they need it?
if I planted these beans would they grow
if I planted these beans would they grow
Do you know if these whole beans have been cured and dried, or are they actually raw and fresh/juicy?
are these good for making chocolate from scratch
What are all the ingredients in these tortillas?
Are these vegan friendly?
I am sending these to Cambodia. Will they arrive edible?
are your un cooked tortillas the same as die-cut?
where does this product originate, come from?
Is the star west domestic organic wheatgrass gluten free
is southwest botanicals organic wheatgrass powder the real stuff
Has it been tested for heavy metals?,its from China. Please contact seller for a responce. Thanks!
are all the herbs from China or just a few
has Starwest Wheatgrass been tested for heavy metals content??????
so if it's advertised as one pound, how come the shipping weight shows as 12oz? doesn't make any sense....
Where is this freeze dried?
Is it caffein free?
What is the scoop size that comes with it?
Is it theobromine free ?
how much is 90 grams if converted to ounces?
When is the expiration date on this item?
Is this product 100% Acai?
I thought that the Acai organic freeze dried powder{sambazon brand}would have fiber in it. the analysis says 0 fiber.C an you explain fiber and this p
Do you ship to korea? If you do how much is the shipping?
Better or worse than the Nativas one?
are the plastic jars BPA &amp; phlalate free? what is the recycle number on plastic jar? Please answer thank you
Okay is it Virgin or EXTRA virgin? There is a difference! It says I've bought this before(same#), but mine says EXTRA. Please help
How to find experation date?
Can this be used as a daily/night moisturizer by itself? What about protection from the sun?
If you bought the 54 ounce jar, how well was it packed? Did it arrive without leakage? Thanks
What is the Lauric Acid percentage &amp; the medium chain fatty acids percentage of this coconut oil please??
can you use this product as a topical body oil
can this oil be used for hair treatment?
Has anyone used this as a sunscreen?
Is this really 54 oz or 29 oz like it shows in the picture?
Is the container Hexane and BPA free?
Is this made from fresh or dried coconut?
How long will this hold. I'm looking for long term storage. I know oils don't hold very long, but I am curious how long I could keep it.
Can this coconut oil be used at temps 375 degrees F and higher?
Is the plastic tub BPA-free?
Is the gallon container of coconut oil really hard to open?
Whats the percentage of MCTs in this brand of coconut oil?
Does anyone know if there are solvent extracts used while expelling?
Since this is a HUGE quantity, can this be frozen and not change attributes?
Hi there, I am looking at the photos of this product and the packaging is different from the products on the Nutiva website. Do you repackage the oil
this is one case, with 10 boxes containing 12 packages in each box right? thanks for clarifying for me.
What is the shelf-life of this product?
Is there a UK outlet we can purchase Alpine Spiced Cider Apple from?
Are these gluten-free?
are they none gmo
are they none gmo
What material is used for this tea bag and is it organic as well?
Is this actually a total of 500 teabags?
What country did this tea originate from?
Hi what are the dates on the tea. I will be buying 2 boxes and want to make sure they will last.
Hi, can anyone tell me if this is fair trade? Thanks so much!
is the Rigoni Di Asiago Nocciolata Organic Hazelnut Spread, Cocoa and Milk, 9.52 Ounce Jar GLUTEN FREE?
There seems to be conflicting views on Palm Oil and Sunflower Oil. What info I've been able dig up, Palm oil out favors Sunflower oil. Thoughts?
Did you receive a six pack--six jars? I order this item (on 05/25/14) but I was sent only ONE jar. Thank you.
Should this hazelnut spread be refrigerated after opening?
Why is this product $10 more when purchased via the subscribe and save program?
If I use this to color royal icing, will my icing still dry hard?
Is this for airbrushes?
how long is the typical shelf life of the product?
Can you use it to make red velvet cake?
taste
Is this extract clear?
How are you guys using an "eye dropper" to measure this? Mine arrive as a very thick tar-like paste, only accessible via a toothpick. Any tips?
For the eye dropper, did you all buy a separate bottle and pout it into that? Did it work well?
What is the consistancy supposed to be of this product?
is this a hot sauce or an extract?
What would you suggest the recommended amount would be for say, a large pot of chili?
How do you store this hot sauce? Refrigerate or Cabinet? Since you only use it in micro-dots (LOL) where would be the best place to keep it fresh?
Is the ham sent frozen
How do I prepare the spiral baked ham?
When I heat it up at 325degrees in the oven for an hour.....should I cover with aluminum foil?
does it need refrigeration
what is the length, width, and height of these items?
Are these the kernals, or in the shell?
Are the Original David Sunflower seeds JUMBO and if not can I get Jumbo with the easy open lid
can I just eat these whole, in the shell?
I didn't think these came in a 1.75 oz anymore. Are you sure its not a 1.62 oz?
About how many seeds are in each package?
How many cakes will this cover?
what are the ingredients?
After opened, how long is good to keep?Refrigerate or room temperature? If I purchase this week, what is the expiration date on the batch you have?
is this made in a peanut or tree nut facility???
how long takes it to dry if use as sweet lace?
Color of ivory vs. white
Confirming this is Gluten/Soy free. Does this ship to Alaska? Or APO/FPO?
Hi! what is the expiry date of the product? And also do you ship it to India? thank you!!
Is it easy to color and is it good for covering and decorating cookies?
Any ideas on using this in a skeleton mold? Would it be something a 13 year old could use?
Is it organic?
Is it in glass bottle?
Expeller pressed or cold pressed, which is it?
Does this product contain palmitic acid or is it purified? Palmitic acid increases heart disease risk.
Is this FILTERED or UNFILTERED? Unfiltered retains the nuttiness. Once they filter it, you can't tell it from Canola Oil in terms of taste.
Is the contents of this product 100% Macadamia Nut Oil? Are there any other ingredients?
Is it comparable to peanut/canola oil in flavor of stir-fry dishes?
Is this organic oil
Has anyone tried making mayo with this product? How did it turn out?
How can i get Vanilla Light frappuccino in the 9.5 bottles and where?
Is this Coffee flavor? Not Mocha, Caramel, Vanilla or anything else? Coffee flavor?
Looking for the 13.7ounce of Starbucks coffee flavored Frappuccino
this product has very little details. Is this the light version or regular? does this have splenda or not?!
what is the shelf life of this product?
Would this be in place of vanilla extract or just an addition to it?
What is the shelf life if the LorAnn Gourmet Flavorings?
what are the ingredients in this buttery sweet dough flavor?
Would someone mind looking on the label to see if this is gluten free? Thanks!
How many apples can you dip per 5 lb. block?
Can this be used as truffle filling?
It's me again..I now know that i will be purchasing 200 granny smith apples...size 88. How much caramel will i need to purchase.
How much caramel do you think i would need for 200 caramel apples?
What are the ingredients?
Storage: This is a LOT of Caramel, wondering how long it can be stored and how best to store it? Can it be frozen for use later?
I need 40 caramel squares for a recipe. How many squares are in a 5 lb block?
Can you freeze it?
Can you melt the caramel in the microwave?
Is there a list of ingredients?
got only one box as well..... is this a mistake ?
"Plum in Madeira," "Apricots in Brandy," "Strawberries in Champagne..." what happened to Cherry in Rum?? : )
When it says "pack of two" is it 275g total or 550g total?
Is this a 2 box item of 2@275g=450g or is it one complete package of 275g, tl.?
when is the expiration date?
Any Canadian ketchup chip lovers around? Are these as good as the lays or old dutch ketchup chips you can get back home?
does the variety pack include the ketchup, hot sauce, and dark chips? Also, the jalepeno puffs?
If I select the "Ketchup" flavor option, I'll only get the Ketchup chips, right? I'm not interested in a variety pack.
are all of them kosher?
What is the expiration date?
How many bags come with this deal?
do these contain msg?
when is the expiration date?
Any Canadian ketchup chip lovers around? Are these as good as the lays or old dutch ketchup chips you can get back home?
does the variety pack include the ketchup, hot sauce, and dark chips? Also, the jalepeno puffs?
If I select the "Ketchup" flavor option, I'll only get the Ketchup chips, right? I'm not interested in a variety pack.
are all of them kosher?
What is the expiration date?
How many bags come with this deal?
do these contain msg?
is this product kosher certified?
Could I make this using a re-fillable kcup in a keurig?
How many grams of fat in one serving?
what are the ingredients?
reviews vary--is this decaf or does it contain caffeine? Thanks!
Is this sugar free? how many calories in a 12 oz mug?
Does this cappuccino have aluminosilicate as an ingredient?&gt;
does this product contain potassium.If so, how much?
I would like to buy a canister of Mocha Cappuccino above, but want to know its EXPIRATION DATE. Thanks.
I would like to buy a canister of Mocha Cappuccino above, but want to know its EXPIRATION DATE. Thanks.
What is the quanity of cbd in mg per capsule?
Does anyone know why this product was discontinued? I found it to be the best Omega product I've tried. Very sad (and mystified) to see it go.
is this the same as Cannabinoid oil?
What is the Difference between this &amp; the OTHER MANITOBA Hemp seed Oil Caps, in a Green &amp; Yellow Bottle, Confused, Same Company,
the current information says three pack....is that true, you get three bottles of the hemp oil capsules?
WOULD I pass a PEE DRUG test at my PAIN DR.'s , even though this is legal, ANY AMOUNT of THC woul show up in a pee test, and I would be BANNED from AL
is this thc free?
What is the expiration date?
Can i use a soft gel for my face? Is it cold pressed unrefined or refined?
Why does the listing say free shipping when at order time they chages over $5.00 to ship??
Hemp milk: Can you make milk with the 5 pound jug oof hemp hearts also.
Why did your price go up $10? I routinely buy from you but that is a huge price jump
Are these needed to kept refrigerated?
Storage: Do you need to keep it refrigerated after opening?
Am I missing it? I don't see the directions for use here. Can someone tell me?
This will probably sound dumb, but ToxiClenz really IS made out of diatomaceous earth, isn't it?
what are the exact ingredient?
What are the ingredients besides xylitol?
How many pieces of gum do you get for the $14.24 price?
What's the ingredient list of the product?
Hi. I bought the Italian Garden by itself and really liked it. Is there much of a difference between the 3 varieties (Italian, French, and Napa)?
How many carbs?
Do any or all 3 of these contain BLACK PEPPER? I can't tell from the "spices" listed on the label. Thank you
I'm considering buying these to add to just vinegar - no oil - for my salad dressings. Think they'd be ok? I don't use oils.
How many serving to each container, to make what amount of dressing? Thus, I want to know if each shaker is a one use item, or multiple use.
how much sodium?
Which prefecture in Japan is it grown in? Could an officer from Domatcha answer and verify this?
Is the powder loose in the tin or is it in a pouch within the tin?
is this really any better than the organic 2nd harvest domatcha? is it worth buying this over that?
Is this Japanese tea from China like most of the other brands?
Am I reading this correctly? $28 for a single 1 ounce tin?? What could possibly make it worth that much?
I see a lot of people complaining that this product only makes like 4 servings. The website says "Makes approximately 25 servings." Is this true?
Do they offer bigger size on the Organic Domatcha ceremonial?
It says the packaging is 1oz tin but in a 2 pack? So the total packaging is 2 tins? Please clarify
Can you mix this with cold water or in with a cold smoothie?
I am wondering approximately how many cups of tea does this make in one container? Thank you
is this product aluminum free?
can this baking soda be used to brush my teeth with?
Amazon lists other ingredients corn starch and another. Are they sure about these ingredients?
Is it gluten free
Is this organic? I don't see the USDA certified sign?
what health advantages does this product offer
Why is cornstarch in this product- what kind of corn base-- yellow dent corn? organic corn??
IS THIS A ALUMINIUM FREE PRODUCT
Which is best for cleaning treeth and swishing in mouth? A&amp;H or Bob's?
What is the packaging made of/ is it recyclable?
does anyone have a recipe using this organic oat flour for tasty muffins?
Is your oat flour gleutin free?
Can this oat powder be use to bath or wash face?
does any1 know if you can consume this by itself? for example can i eat this raw by adding it in my shakes?
Is this Oat Four a non wheat product thus no gluten etc?
What is the carb count?
The picture shows GF is this correct? Is this product Tapicoca Flour processed in Bob's Red Mill Gluten Free facility?
Is this genetically modified or no?
26 g carbs per how much?
Why is this marked as .10 per ounce? That would make the package $2.00.
Is this flour or starch? I'm after tapioca starch in particular.
wheat?
Would this product work for egg noodles
What are the ingredients?
Is this pasteurized or unpasteurized?
Are these individual packets or a 12.1 oz container? Thank you.
What's the best by date? Thx
What is the sodium content of this miso?
what is the sodium content in this miso?
How long does it last in the refrigerator once opened?
Does this require refrigeration once opened? For those avoiding soy and rice, does it loose those food characteristics once fermented? Thank you!
Is this white shiro miso?
What are the ingredients?
I got an incredible deal at my local supermarket 3 bags for less than $16 but can not seem to find an expire date anywhere on the pack ?
how much sodium per serving
I don't see anywhere on the package that this needs refrigeration after opening - does it?
Does this contain vitamin K2?
Can you just put a bit into hot water and drink it? Thks M
What is a good way to store this so I can make sure it doesn't go bad or get infested with food moths?
is this product non-GMO?
where is this from ?
Is this nixtamalized?
Did the company change the supplier (for the worse) in late 2013? There are so many good reviews after that time.
Objection to comment on bottle half full in picture...when you click on the picture and enlarge it is FULL why do you say half full?!
Where is this product made?
I just received mine in the mail, yet the container was barely half full! Is this normal?
Is this the actual plant I will get and is it in the pot? Can I keep this on a window sill with eastern exposure?
I am looking for 20 for centerpieces for our wedding. Would these be appropriate.
does this come fully grown, or is it seeds
what is the size of Bonsai tree
This can't be kept inside?
how old is this tree?
are they real plants?
do you have to put by the window? can you put it where there is no window?
Will the trunk get thicker like in the picture?
did this come as the picture? (in pot and ready to go)
The picture shows a floral print is that what the bag looks like?
My cylinder specs are as follows: type B, 5 cu.ft.,142 liters. Would it fit in this backpack?
what are the dimensions
I'm looking for a bag that will carry TWO tanks. Those this one carry one?
does this carrier have a pocket to carry a few things?
are these cylinders disposable or rechargeable?
Can this backpack also be used as a shoulder bag?
wil a 19.5 inch tall bottle fit inside this back back
I am a golf instructor and need to demonstrate the correct way to swing. Would this pack remain in place during a golf swing?
How many 8 oz. cups of beverage can you make from the 48 oz. can?
Question. Product Pictured says 48oz. can. Click-to-purchase button says 32oz. can. Which is real???
hi just wondering what the expiration dates on these are since I'm interested in two!! thank you!!
Is this a powder or little chocolate pellets?
Do you mix it with water, coffee, or milk?
Does it have sugar in it?
I keep reading conflicting reports. Is this brown, dark chocolate suitable to use in making mocha frappes' ? Or is it white chocolate?
Can this be used in place of regular cocoa in cake and icing recipes to make a white chocolate flavor?
Is this going to be discontinued ?
Does this contain any dyes?
Two reviews. One says NOT individually wrapped, one says IS indiviually wrapped. Which is it?
Are these wrapped or not
Can I buy them wrapped?
what is the length of each swizzle stick?
are these individually packed? are these individually packed?
Is Ghirardelli Intense Dark considered to be an unsweetened chocolate bar
Is the bar easily breakable into sections? If so, how many sections per bar? Thanks.
Hi, I am looking for couverture chocolate for making ganache and other decorations. Which of your products would you recommend? Thank you
Is alkali used in the process of making this dark chocolate?
For diabetics what % cacao is better?
How much sugar this product has
how the subscription works? If I order 6 bars a month for $10.08, and every month, how much the shipping would be, if its says:for orders of $35
Any package measure to avoid melting during delivery?
Hi, I would like to know if this product contain pig, pork, or alcohol content on it?
I did not ask my question right...DO I HAVE TO PAY ANY SHIPPING IF I SUBSCRIBE FOR MONTHLY DELIVERY OF 6 PACK?
How is it packaged for shipment? e.g. bottle, plastic bag, foil bag, other
is it assembled in china?
Is this curcumin or Goldenseal (Hydrastis canadensis)
is this non irradiated
Does your package look like the one in the picture? Mine is not Starwest Botanicals :( .Mine says "Oyster Bay Spice" "Organic Turmeric 1lb".
Does this have "USDA organic" on the package?
Is it raw?
Why does Starwest Turmeric have a "California Prop 65" Warning and "Not to be used during pregnancy" Warning on this Amazon page?
Recently there has been a lot of concern about lead found in tumeric. How can I be sure there is none in this product?
What is the % of curcumin?
Is the 32 oz bottle made of glass or plastic?
sodium content
this says organic wheat but does not say organic soy beans are used, are the soy beans non gmo and organic?
Is that price for one 10 oz bottle?
This is a product of what country? Japan? USA ?
Does this product need to be shipped under refrigeration in the summer?
Is this the same product as this, http://www.amazon.com/Mocafe-Matcha-G... ?
I am a calorie counter with no food scale. Does anyone know how many calories this product has in 1 tablespoon? Thanks!
What is the length of these including the flower part?
Does the packaging for these pops say that it is O-U pareve certified kosher like I see on the twinkle pop heart shaped lollypops?
Is each lollipop individually wrapped?
is this certified kosher?
What are the dimenions of the candy?
is this a natural food coloring?
Are these the natural ones or are they just kosher? I was just wondering if these are natural or just kosher?
Does this give a true red or is it more pinkish?
is this powder
What are the 10 colors?
How do they not melt in the summer during delivery?
Hello if I order today can I get them by friday? In Portland Or
how long does it normally take to deliver?
i lost my keys
What color does it come in? I wanted to order black but when I add it to my cart the photo is red.
Hi...Can it work for multiple items like nuts,various-sized candies,etc? I know the description says it, but how is actual performance?
Installed in our church ad will only dispense 1" gumballs. I think both machines are missing a small candy tray. Help!
How do I set the machine to free spin, so I do not have to put in a quarter?
How do you know what color you are ordering? the original pic has red but when you click on it it is black and there is no where to specify color.
I'd prefer the red body, rather than black. How can I specify that in my purchase?
What size gumballs does it dispense?
Hi..how can I purchase a replacement part?
How many servings are in a bag?
What is the caloric intake?
Can I get it with out sugar?
how many gr of sugar does it contain?
is this the same powder that starbucks use for their green tea lattes?
How long will it take to ship to Dallas Texas?
Does it cotain gluten?
is it smoked Bonito
Is salt listed in the ingredients? Thanks in advance!!
The package says this is 1 pound (16 ounces) of product. Amazon shows the shipping weight as 13.6 ounces. Can you explain the difference?
How "big" is the bag? Could you provide the width-high-length measures? Thanks!
Is this product radiation-free?
Do they outgrow the pot they are planted in? And if so how and what do you use to replant?
Can i use rainwater to water my sundew?
What brand of mineral free and distilled water do you guys recommend? I'm having trouble finding something appropriate.
Does this plant do well in the southeast of the US?
how many plants come in an order?
can it go to sleep?
so what happens if i feed it a wasp
can i feed my sundew
can i use drinking water on my cape sundew
How quickly will this die if I give it regular tap water? Does it actually NEED distilled water, or is that like, your opinion, man?
What is the expiration date on this product?
How many servings is it?
shipping out to China: Any suggestion?
Anyone know why the instructions say to warm up the water? I was confused bc no other formula seems to require the water to be warm..
Why cant i have this formula delivered outside US? Il be going abroad for a while and i really need this formula,cant take so many tins along,help??
Why does Earth's Best formula taste like metal? Is this the actual flavor because it tastes horrible.
Where is the spoon? Cannot find the spoon in the can. Can I use the spoon from Enfmil?
does this contain any animal or animal by-product (like fish oil,..) ?
Expiration date please?
What are the ingredients listed on the packaging?
Could you please tell me the expiration date?
Is this the same as Fleischmann's rapid rise yeast, the kind that comes in little packets?
Can this item (Fleishchmann's Instant yeast) be used in a bread machine? E-mail "ChuckTQ@aol.com
Is this product gluten free/
is this product kosher?
Fleischmann's Rapidrise Highly Active Yeast and this is same?
Is that $5.74 per pack of Mrs. Wages Pasta Sauce Tomato Mix?
Does your products contain Gluten?
I would like to order several packages - all you have- but the shipping goes up to $98, you charge $4.99 a pack to ship, can this be just an error ?
$18.95? Dosen't $18.95 sound a little high?
How many goldfish per stay fresh pack?
Are these the giant goldfish - says Mega size, but does that just mean the box?
How many goldfish in a box?
spoiling? Does anyone know how long an opened container of Tart Is Smart will last before spoiling in the refrigerator?
does have sugar in it?
Does it help you sleep?
how do you know what you are buying one label shows 80 calories, 19 carbs, the other label pictures show 110 calories, 22 carbs???
What type of cherry is this made from? The one in the studies I have read about begins w/ an M - like Morterency) or something like that.
is bottle glass or plastic
this product sells for $16.99 on the company web page......why a $12.00 difference??????
is it better to take in the morning or bedtime
how long does it take to notice if it helps?
Pills or liquid, which works better? I'm looking into this product to prevent gout and I was just wondering which one should I get?
what are chia seeds
mila vs. chia seeds: Can some expert tell me why Mila is that much better when the ingredients are the same?
Can you lose weight? Any succesful story?
Are the seeds light colored rather than dark? Look for light colored.
where the product is coming from???
How long do these stay fresh after opening the package?
Can chia seeds be frozen ?
weight
chia seeds: could someone tell me do you have to grind the seeds?
I want ground chia seeds, do you have them?
Is it caffein free?
Is this product 100% Acai?
How many smoothies can I make with this?
How many packets come in one order?
Is it caffein free?
where is this made?
can i use illy pod in nespresso machine
I have francis francis x7.1, this capsulle is compatibile?
any coffee machine is fit for this capsules?
Does it work in Nespresso machine?
Has anyone ever compared the quality of coffee between the iperEspresso and Nespresso machines?
Will this fit for Keurig machines?
is this capsule good for nespresso machines?
Does the plastic capsule contain any BPA?
Do they contain any artificial food colors?
is there lemon juice in them, I am allergic to lemon
Annie's fruit snacks are labeled Organic &amp; Vegan. Are these made with gelatin?
Are these individually wrapped?
organic? Are these organic?
How many calories in each strip?
are these bars or rollups?
How far out is the expiration on these? If I were to order today, how long would my family have to eat all 48 before they are expired?
Are these gluten free?
Does it come in foil packs as well?
What are the Ingredients in Galeffi
How do the ingredients compare to Brioschi?
What happened to brioschi?
Does this come in a cube form or is it powder? We use this in wine to give it a sparkle like in the movie "Moon Struck"
can this be bought near me in pa. zip code 18407
How many doses per jar?
does it have ASA
where are they from and are they pasteurized? Thank you.
are kirkland almonds bleached or blanched?
Is the oil extracted from these almonds by any means?
Are they sproutable?
are these almonds sproutable?
are they raw or roasted?
is it better than instant korean ginseng?
Exactly how many servings of tea comes in an order?
Is the lactose in this tea from milk or from a non-dairy source, or doesn't it say? Thanks in advance for your help and time.
what size cup in ounces per packet? 8 oz or ?
how much calorie does 1 tea bag contain?
are these bags of instant dissolve crystals or are these actual tea bags?
Does this contain caffeine?
how many grams of sugar?
Cashews in the bar?
are they chewy or crunchy?
Many of the KIND items I see in the store have an OU kosher certification on the face of the wrapper. Are the ones you sell also certified?
What's the carb count?
One of the reviews says there are peanuts in these, but the ingredients on the box do not say there are peanuts, so are there, or not?
Does this product contain selinium?
Calorie count?
How many calories?
what is the expiration date on the cranberry almond bars 12 pack
How much sugar in a bar?
where is expiration date?
What are the nutricional facts for the nut bars?
Is this kit somewhat easy?
how many things can I make with one box.
is there Gelitain in it?
Can you please please please tell me if these are gluten free thanks
HOW DOES IT WORK
Have you tryed before
How long does it take to get to me?
how long it takes to get to the United States?
Is there any way to tell when it expires?
are the directions in English?
do these have any dairy in them?
How long does it take to ship to US?
What do they taste like?
Do these have gelatin?
does it contain real tea
Is there any sweetner?
WHAT ARE THE INGREDIENTS?
huge price increase!? Why the huge increase to $38?
gluten free?
Is this USDA Organic?
What is the expiration date on the oatmeal?
What's the difference between Nutiva's Hempseed and Hemp Protein? Initially, I was sold on Hemp Protein. Is Hempseed a better protein value?
I usually buy hemp powder to make protein shakes. Will the seeds blend as well as the powder when making smoothies?
This may sound odd but will this product show up on an urinalysis as THC?
WHY HAS THE PRICE DOUBLED? I can no longer afford to purchase this each month! What is going on?
I have been ordering this for quite some time....last time only in June for $34.19.....now $10 more sure is a big jump in price....is this correct?
Are these seeds sproutable ? I plan to make hemp milk by sprouting overnight ?
why is the 3 pound bag more $ than the 1 pound or 5 pound
do you know if these are irradiated? This question came from one of my customers.
Have you ever sended this hemp product to Venezuela? I don't know if is it possible here. Thank you
Is this product irradiated when it crosses the border from Canada?
calories?
Does the cinnamon in the cinna honey use ceylon cinnamon?
Is the cinnamon in the cinna honey ceylon cinnamon?
is this 6 boxes with 8 packets per box
what is the caffiene content?
What's the difference between Swiss Miss Hot Cocoa-no sugar added and Swiss Miss Hot chocolate-no sugar added?
I read the various comments. What IS the sugar count?
How many servings are in one can?
what is the actual mg of sodium per serving?
how much is carb value?
10 calorie cocoa mix: Does anyone know anything about the 10 calorie swiss miss packets.
What is it sweetened with? What is it sweetened with?
is this 6 boxes with 8 packets per box
what is the caffiene content?
What's the difference between Swiss Miss Hot Cocoa-no sugar added and Swiss Miss Hot chocolate-no sugar added?
I read the various comments. What IS the sugar count?
How many servings are in one can?
what is the actual mg of sodium per serving?
how much is carb value?
10 calorie cocoa mix: Does anyone know anything about the 10 calorie swiss miss packets.
What is it sweetened with? What is it sweetened with?
is this 6 boxes with 8 packets per box
what is the caffiene content?
What's the difference between Swiss Miss Hot Cocoa-no sugar added and Swiss Miss Hot chocolate-no sugar added?
I read the various comments. What IS the sugar count?
How many servings are in one can?
what is the actual mg of sodium per serving?
how much is carb value?
10 calorie cocoa mix: Does anyone know anything about the 10 calorie swiss miss packets.
What is it sweetened with? What is it sweetened with?
is this 6 boxes with 8 packets per box
what is the caffiene content?
What's the difference between Swiss Miss Hot Cocoa-no sugar added and Swiss Miss Hot chocolate-no sugar added?
I read the various comments. What IS the sugar count?
How many servings are in one can?
what is the actual mg of sodium per serving?
how much is carb value?
10 calorie cocoa mix: Does anyone know anything about the 10 calorie swiss miss packets.
What is it sweetened with? What is it sweetened with?
What is the expiration date on these?
expiration date
I I order today 12/23/14, what are the expiration dates of the ones you'd be shipping out?
What is the expiration date of these bars being delivered as recently as November, 2014?
What is the expiration date of these?
Is it1 box of 6 squares, or6 boxes of 6 squares?
Is it 1 box of 6 squares? or 6 boxes of 6 squares?
Are these hard/crunchy or soft/chewy?
What is the expiration date and why is it not listed in the product details?
is this 6 boxes of 6 bars each (so 36 bars) or is this one box of 6 for
what is expiration date of product?
Why didn't I get instructions inside of my boxes of pectin?
What about citric acid or MSG?
Is the product in date/fresh?
the receipe for no sugar or with splenda
I put the sugar in first. Can I still salvage the jam?
what is the ingredients for this sure-jell product?
can you do freezer jelly with this product.
I used MCP instead of the normal sure jell both are in the yellow box. Do any of you boil in 2/3 cup water. Recipe excludes the boiling for MCP
Is Sure-Jell the same thing as Clear-gel?
Have the most recent people received the Pink (low fruit version) or the Yellow "normal" version. I need the low sugar formula.
Expiration date is August 2013, Can it still be used for freezer jam
Can this product be shipped overseas?
i want to substitute powdered for liquid! can I?
What is the expiration date on the pack that will ship?
How do you substitute this with powdered pectin?
Recipe for-Beach Plum Jelly
Expiration date is March 2012. Can I still use it for jam?
whats the differnece in clear jell and sure jel pectin
Why has pricing tripled?
What's the nutritional value of these gummi bears
Do the albanese sugar free gummy bears taste the same as the regular albanese gummy bears ?
Trying to decide between these &amp; the worms. I've only ever tried the worms. But one reviewer of the worms suggested that the bears are better. Advice?
where to find large bags of albanese sugar AND fat free gummy bears
how long is shelf life, i want these for my wedding in july, if i buy now and dont open until then will they still be fresh?
What are the ingredients?
how many gummi bears are in a 5lb bag?
Are they really 10 calories per bear? The label appears to say 120 calories per 12 piece serving. 10 calories per bear seems pretty high.
Mixing directions: Can someone tell me how much ONE entire can actually makes...it seems as though it makes a gallon of milk...am i right???
How does this taste versus goat milk you buy in a supermarket
Will it work to make cheese? Has anyone tried using the Meyenberg Powdered Goat Milk to make goat cheese?
Can this be used in bread machine recipes? For kefir?
is this pasteurized? I would like to find unpasteurized, unhomogenized to make yogurt.
Is there a preference between the powdered and evaporated...considering mixing ease, taste, etc?
How much potassium does it have?
Does this have probiotics and natural enzymes?
After a bottle is made with the powder ..how long is it good out of the fridge before you have to throw it away?
Hi, for those who are using this as baby formula-how much does one can make or how long does one can typically last?
Is ths 100% pure honey?
Where in Michigan is this made (I'm guessing that would be near where the honey is harvested)? Is this by any chance Raw Honey?
What is the shelf life of honey? I don't want to waste it if it is a short time because of the plight of the bees. Thanks in advance for any info.
I am looking for a light color honey. Is this a light color honey? The picture tells a different story from customers' uploaded pics, darker.
is this product produced in the USA
Is this coffee suitable for a coffeemaker?
Are Melitta Coffees 100% Arabica coffee? Melitta website makes no mention.
how many cups does this make in a drip coffee maker? I only make eight cups in a twelve cup drip coffee maker
Does this product come in metal cans?
Are these prunes hard and dry or moist? I read a review somewhere that says some are moist and good, but many are dry and hard.
How are these dried? Are they sun dried? Are they raw or cooked?
Where are these grown, please? Thank you.
how are they processed and what number plastic are they packaged?
Do these prunes contain potassium sorbate as a preservative?
is this free of gmo's ? I seems I read "free of gmo's according to law". There isn't any law in the U.S that says something can't have gmo.
I'm confused, it says no salt added, but it also says it is made from sea salt? Which is it? And it would be good if it had the nutritional info
Exactly how much salt is in each cube?
Do these cubes have MSG?
Are the cubes a little soft? I just bought some and the bouillon stuck a little to the wrapper. I made soup. I wonder if they were stored in a not so cold area in the store. Could they be bad? The expiration date is fine.
Is this fair trade?
What about the cadmium, 13.3 mcg per serving, ConsumerLab.com reports in this product?
So this is 2 packages of a 16 ounce package?
Can you bake with this and do you have to do anything differently? thanks!
Do you need to refrigerate this after opening?
Does this cocoa powder have soy lecithin in it?
Dutch or Non-Dutch Processed: Can someone please tell me if this is Duch or non-Dutch processed?
Does Navitas have cacao powder in 5lb / bulk sizes?
What is the shelf life of this product?
does this blend well with milk? i would like to find an alternative to chocolate milk for my kids!
Is this product made in Italy?
I have been using Starbucks espresso roast for about 12 years for my daily coffee, does this compare?
Can I use this grind in an espresso coffee maker?
Will this work for regular coffee makers, not espresso machines?
can i make it in Bodum french press? if so, what is better proportion?
In the description it says "chocolaty flavor". Do u really taste chocolate flavor?
So what's the difference in taste between this and the dark brown can of "Lavazza Cafe Espresso?"
If I use this coffee grinds in a percolator, would I still get the crema? or I need to have an espresso machine?
Is this coffee organic?
My ilsa moka is not producing any coffee. when I use a drip coffee it seems to work. Is the Lavazza to fine a ground?
what is percentage of MCTs in Nutiva organic extra virgin coconut oil?
BPA free bottle? Is this stuff in a BPA free bottle?
Is anything in the product hydrogenated?
It says "jars". Does that mean they are glass containers? It would be helpful to indicate in the description. Thanks!
How thick is this tahini? Is this tahini soupy and runny or thick like peanut butter?
Is this alwadi alakhadar tahina Ground sesame 100% RAW? Please let me know. Thank you!
I've used toasted Tahini for hummus - how does raw compare? Some recipes strongly recommend toasted over raw - what's your opinion?
Does anyone know how long upopened jars keep?
I have the Organic Green Tea is this glutton free?
Are these tea bags individualy wrapped?
does this tea have caffefine
Are there any staples on the tea bag, such as on the tab or on the bag with the string attached to it?
How much active ingredient is in this tea?ECCG?
Why does this product contain Grapefruit seed extract?
What are the 'natural flavors' in the ingredients list? (Ithought pure stevia in water meant pure stevia in water!)
Is liquid stevia better than powdered or 'truvia'...healthwise??
Herbal Remedy for Acid Reflux/Esophageal Dysphagia....Anyone Know? Does anyone know?
Are the bags for this tea filled with "processing dust" or choice leaves? I tried calling and writing several times for an answer. There is no custo
Is it caffeine free
Is the brew a light yellow/gold color or does it brown out if steeped up to 5 minutes? Does it have a sweet aroma? Is there any grassiness to the aroma/taste? Is there any delicate leaf-down floating in the brew?
can Medaglia D'Oro instant Espresso coffee be used in recipies that call for espresso powder
My espresso powder has no instructions for reconstitution. My recipe calls for 12 oz. espresso. How much powder do I use?
Does Medaglia D'Oro come in instant DECAF? If not, can you recommend a good one.
How many cups of coffee can you get from one jar?
Do these have an expiry? I've heard espresso powder can go bad easily
Why has the Amazon price tripled? I keep waiting for this "mistake" to be corrected, but apparently people are really paying $11 per jar???
Is the coffee organic (non-GMO)?
has anyone made this using an aeropress?
What's the difference between Cafe Bustelo and Supreme Bustelo?
This is a Puerto Rican Coffee. It says Cuban
How do you store the brick after it's been opened?
What is the caffeine content of this? I'm currently using it with a moka pot.
What is the shelf life of an unopened brick? What is the shelf life of an unopened can?
Is there a benefit to buying a brick instead of a can?
what's the ratio of coffee to water (oz/ tbsp.) in a drip coffee maker?
do they use GMO coffee beans?
Wondering if anyone has used this coffee for greek coffee?
How many are in the box?
are these individually wrapped?
does anyone have the box and can you tell me what the ingredients list says, please? thank you!
Does the box say Jameson on it anywhere? I see two different pictures of the box and I'm unsure which one it really looks like.
what does turbinado mean?
Is this a good sugar to use for making sugar scrubs, and are there benefits in doing so??
My cookie recipe calls for equal parts white &amp; brown sugars. Could I use just this product instead?
Could someone give me the nutritional info for this product? (serving size, calories, sodium, etc.)
Is this yeast good to use in bread machine?
Is this product gluten free?
is this the same as rapid rise yeast for bread making machines?
Does this yeast contain sorbitan, or not?
My children have throw my instructions away. Do you have instructions online for this kit?
does this make 5 or 6 gallons
What does the kit actually include? do I need to buy anything else for a first time wine maker?
Can I make smaller batches, I have a 3 Gallon Carboy?
Whats is the difference in the 17.5 vs. the 55 pound package? Does it just make 18 gallons vs the 6 of the smaller kit ?
is it sweet or dry
We just bottled this wine, and it has a terrible taste and smell. I thought it smelled bad from the beginning. Does it just need to age?
What is the Brix on this product?
Many are saying that it is best to wait more than the recommended time before bottling. Is there a way to tell when is the best time for bottling?
is this the leftovers from last year?
does this kit contain all the necessary items to make this wine such the right yeast? Or is the just the juice?
We were surprised that the fermentation bag contents were brown and syrupy. Is this normal? We've never encountered this. Made wine for years.
How difficult is it to remove the Vino Italiano wine labels that came with the kit when you are ready to repurpose your wine bottles later?
How many bottles does this kit make?
Why no Valpollcella?
Back-sweetening: Would appreciate any help with the process and measurements for back-sweetening a batch of wine.
I'm trying to decide between the Reserve Du Chateau 4 Week Wine Kit Sicilian Shiraz, or the Vino Italiano 4 Week Wine Kit Tuscany Rosso Magnifico and
IS THIS ENOUGH FOR A 6 GALLON WINE KIT?
Hi, can I use the grape juice in the supermarket to make wine with this kit? Thanks.
What all is included in the kit? Are the bottles include or do they need to be purchased separately?
im am about ready to bottle the peach chardonnay, how long does it need to age before drinkable? it just says to not let it age too long
what is the length and size of the corks? thanks.
If i do make 5 gallons instead of 6, how does this effect the hydrometer reading?
what other equipment do I need to buy for this kit?
Can I use a refractometer to measure specific gravity?
People are saying this kit includes everything you need. Does it comes with a sanitizer to keep the wine free of bacteria or a hydometer?
Can you use this if you have a 3 gallon carboy by cutting the ingredients in half?
I only bought a 1 gallon wine making kit. Can the rest of the mix be stored in the refrigerator and if so how long?
I purchased my kit in April 2014. I cannot find an expiration date. Is it safe to start now?
How much wine does this kit make?
What does the 4 week mean? It only takes four week to make and it's ready to drink or it's ready to bottle and then has to set much longer? thnx
the shipping to oversea how many degree for storage it. do i need cooler container or just regular ?
I purchased this kit and thought kit would include perservative packets and yeast. First attempt,I bought a beginner kit what else do i need to buy.
If anyone has made the zindandel blush wine can you tell me if it is sweet or more on the dry side? Thanks in advance, Karen
is it a light red
I just received my wine making kit, which is a gift for another person. Should I take the concentrate out of the box and refrigerate it until I'm ready to give?
Does it come with bottles and a barrel?
About how many bottles does a kit produce?
Is there any advantage to choosing a 55 pound kit over the 17.5 kits? Looking for insights from folks who have made both.
does this kit come with yeast
I am a first time wine maker. I got this kit, but noticed that I didn't get any other equipment like I assumed I would. What else do I need?
What can ingredient has the shellfish derivatives? I must eliminate it.
I received this kit and I have no "bag" inside the bucket. Just "loose" juice inside a plain white bucket. Is this a problem?
Does this kit come in a nice plastic bucket like the one displayed or a weak cardboard box like the one I received.?
Is this a 4 week or 6 week kit? The first page says 6 then when you check the 2nd page it says 4!
why isn't an expiration date printed on the package?
What are the ingredients?
Can you tell me the sodium content per serving and serving size?
Does this item have kosher certification? I've purchased it before with kosher symbol, but I don't see it pictured here. Thank you.
How many cups are in a bag?
I ordered the 4 pack in July and it was about $25. Now it's nearly $50???? Really?
How much does one packet make? is it only 1 quart. I remember that's what Carnation's makes. Sounds good otherwise. Maybe for baking.
where is this made?
May I use this dry milk instead of normal milk powder for my 2-year-old girl? My concern is height, not weight.
When will this products expire ?
Has anyone used this for camping or backpacking? I want to add it to things like instant potatoes and mac and cheese.
Is this gluten free?
What's the expiration date for current available inventory?
i want to known the date of the better used by
What is the shelf life?
This miso, unlike other Eden misos, doesn't say NON-GMO. Is it non-gmo?
The real issue with this product is: Is it pasteurized? If so, it's useless. You can use cheap dried miso for flavoring.
Is the 48 count Extra Bold?
The 48 count button shows a picture that does not say Extra bold. The 24, and 96 count buttons do. I wonder if it is a mix of 3 strengths of k-cups?
The info says, "Please note: 'regular', 'bold' and 'extra bold' refer to the amount of coffee in the K-Cup" Does this mean it is a mixture? I only wa
is this swiss water decaf? Thanks
Does this french roast say bold and extra dark on the cups?
Is one large belgian waffle cooked in the waffle maker really only 230 calories? or is it a lot more?
is this pancake mix really worth triple the price that Aunt Jemima costs?
What is exactly "1 Cup" Golden Malted Flower ?
how long can you keep the batter in the frig?
What is the expiration date?
How many servings are in one can?
How many waffles can you make from a 33 oz. can?
Can I use this flour to fry chicken? It tastes so good, I can't see why not. Any thoughts?
Is this alcohol free flavor Halal (given the disclaimer about .05% alcohol)?
Is this vanilla extract GLUTEN-FREE?
Does the alcohol free vanilla contain any sugar
is this w/ a green label at the top saying "all natural" or is it red label saying "organic"??
Is this oil unfiltered??
will this oil solidify in the refrigerator?
What is the acidity level of this olive oil?
1) What date was the olive oil pressed?
What are the ingredients?
I love miso. This seems expensive. No where can I find how much you use? Can someone let me know?
Is this Miso Pasteurized? Does it contain live active cultures?
So if we order this, 15-Ounce Tubs (Pack of 2), we're actually getting 30 ounces total for this price?
Is it non-GMO certified?
I read that we should use "expeller pressed" is that the same as cold pressed?
Coconut Oil: What's the real scoop on consuming coconut oil?
Where do the coconuts come from that the oil is processed from and is the product wet milled?
How good is this product for reducing wrinkles and scars, and hair softening?
Is it raw?
is this produced in an egg and nut free facility
So what does this do for all of you, what have you noticed? And seems fattening and its solid? How is it better than evoo, etc?
I want to use this for oil pulling...anyone had any success with this brand for that purpose?
Is this oatmeal actually grown in Ireland? Thanks
Is this organic? Thanks
How long do you have to cook these?
Is this gluten free?
How does McCann's Quick &amp; Easy Steel Cut Irish Oatmeal differ from this?
Are these the metal tins? (My grocery store has the cardboard canisters now instead of tins)
What is the difference between standard and frustration-free packing? There is currently an $8 difference.
sodium per serving
Mccann's also sell a regular steel cut oatmeal product (not Irish) - anyone know which of these two is best in terms of being healthiest?
please the expire date of this product, or best before... thanks
expire date please
What is the Best way to empty the container
If it's a pack of five 13-ounce jars, how is it a total of only 45 ounces? Shouldn't it be 65 ounces? Thanks in advance.
Are these vegetarian? I know some brands include powdered shrimp as an ingrediant.
Are these a US product?
Are the wasabi peas crunchy like a nut, or do they taste like peas?
Is the mill detachable so that I can reuse the whole bottle for another spice?
What is the "best before" date on these jars of dehydrated garlic?
What is the "best before" date on the dehydrated garlic in a grinder jar
Is this Gluten free?
How is this cereal non-gmo verified and organic if the ingredients list "natural strawberry flavor" and "tocopherols (natural vitamin E)"?
Nutrition facts are not listed. Can someone please tell me the calories, fat grams, fiber, and protein? Thanks in advance!
What US state is the fax seed from?
The brand is Premium Gold, but I want to confirm the flax is Golden Flax, yes?
Do you get four 26 oz. jars - a total of 104 oz. for $20??
It states it comes in a 4 pack, but is the total weight of the 4 jars 26 ozs.?
Do all 4 jars of these need to be refrigerated immediately, and what are the expiration dates?
vacuum sealed? Are the plastic jars vacuum sealed?
Is this gelatin made from grass fed beef? Can it be used in cold liquid?
Can this be used to make a gelatin salad or dessert???
Is this the gelatin that can be used for tiramisu?
Is this item gluten free??
Where are the cows from? Which country. Argentina? USA? Other?
Forgive me, but I have no frame of reference how big a 5lb bag is. It doesn't have to be exact, but how tall and wide is the bag? Thanks!
Are they raw as advertised in the title and I need to cook them? Or..." Each batch of our peanuts is cooked according to a time-honored..."
I understand that they are out of the shell, but do they have the brown skins on them?
The ad says they are raw peanuts out of the shell. Two questions. The picture shows the peanuts in the shell. Which is it, in or out?
are these peanuts good for sprouting?
are these peanuts organic?
This is a great value if you can roast them with your own seasonings. Buy in bulk like this can we put some in the freezer? will they dry out or loose their freshness?
Are these good to make boiled peanuts?
What year crop are these? The other questions are for the 2012 crop.
Can I use this for making jam?
Does this dissolve in water?
Is this different from apple pectin? i use apple pectin in capsules for fiber, but this looks cheaper. Looks like it's good for fiber
Is this a non GMO product
Can this be used to make a healthy green drink?
Is this an organic product and if not is there an organic apple pectin product in your arrya that i am missing seeing for soem reason??
Can you use the initial batch of kefir to make a new batch using raw milk? and what would be the proportions?
Is this what is used to make yoghurt in an electric yoghurt machine?
Where are the milks of the Caucasian Mountains?
Usually buy this at the store. It is supposed to be refrigerated. I received it in a regular box. So what happene to the culture? Did it die?
Does this box have an expiration date on it?
which is the duration of each package kefir?
It says cover..with a lid or breathable cloth?
whats the difference between this and yogurt? do they taste similar"
How much milk is recommended per sachet of milk?A reviewer said the directions on the box produced a watery product.
instead of cow milk can i use almond milk or coconut milk?
are they pasteurized? Want to sprout them and cant if they are.
What are the white spots on these nuts? Is something wrong with them?
Where do these nuts grow? Brazil? USA?
Do you know the best way to store the potatoes after they are opened? I think we will only be able to use 1/2 a can at a time.
How long do they keep? Is there an expiration date?
Will they slice easily for German potato salad?
where do you put the expiration date?
is this kosher for passover
I know it has msg - but will Vegans eat this powder?
Why is eight pounds listed for the shipping weight on three pounds of coffee? Does it come in a five pound box?
Good afternoon! is this item (UPC 070568100405) whole bean coffee or ground coffee? Thank you.
what is the difference between this and the stuff in the red can?
ingredients in Knox gelatin?
Does this work for fingernails
does the jelatin contain sugar?
Is this for strong nail s are not....the old box had a hand on the box is it the same thing!
is it kosher?
Is it halal?
What is the shelf life?
is this product gluton free?
I cooked my minute tapioca and it cooled beautifully. Then I forgot that I didn't put in the vanilla so I added it. Now it's runny. How to salvage?
how to store left over box of tapioca ?
What is the expiration date stamped on the top of the packages?
Does the tapioca come sealed inside the box? I purchased a pack of 6 and there is white tapioca all over all the boxes and the outside box!
where is the tapioca pudding mix listed in your listings?
Why in the world did Kraft feel they needed to include "MSG" in what use to be a great dressing?
can I purchase GOOD SEASONS cruet Lids for my cruets/?--3 at use in our home
is this salad dressing mix in powder form
How do you make it creamy
why does the mix stay at the bottom of the cruet and not mix with the oil
Will you ship to the UK?
is there a difference between this and zesty Italian dressing mix
How much dressing does 1 pack make?
does this contain any glutamates (not just msg but others as well)?
How can I get a new Good Seasons salad dressing cruet?
Best Way to mix into cold milk? I have two ways pour a little milk in, mix until almost dissolved and pour the rest of the milk in while mixing constantly seems to works the best, but it's not perfect, anyone have a trick?
Can you drink it hot
Contains gluten: Did anyone else know that this contains gluten?
How much caffeine compared to a regular coffee?
Product description is inconsistent. Main description is for a 3 pack, but in the body of the description is "*Pack of four, 4-ounce-16 oz tot"
Is there a decaffeinated Kava?
What is a phone # to order the Kava coffee ?- mhnany@ptd.net
How much caffeine is there in 1 teaspoon?
WHY IS THIS SO HIGH PRICED? It is only around $5 a jar at Walmart. So you are twice as much.
Is there actually any of that plant, kava, in this coffee?
How does it taste?
is kava acid free?
What is the expiry date when you get the box? (eg: one year forward? or less or more) because I don't use it very frequently
Is it a requirement to usr pudding or cake mix to make this whip cream, or can you just simply make the whip cream
So, one time I whipped my whipping cream too long in my mixmaster and wound up with butter. Does that happen with Dream Whip?
where can you purchase dream whip
Does this set up using soy or rice milk. Jello pudding does not.
how much cool whip is equilavent to one package of dream whip?
How many carbs?
Is it a pack of six? or just one?
Differences between "Natural Unsweetened" and "Special Dark" varieties?
May I ask the product sweet or not,tks.
I know its gluten free but is it dairy free?
Can we see the nutritional label on this can? What is the calorie content (per teaspoon or tablespoon or serving size)? What is the protein, etc.?
To make chocolate milk and smoothies with?
What is the ratio of dutched to natural cocoa?
What does "Dutched cocoa" mean?
Is it a pack of six? or just one?
Can someone please tell me all of the ingredients in this? Thank you SO much!
what does a cube equal? teaspoon, tablespoon, what?
Can these be vacuumed sealed and stored long term?
What is the expiration date on this product?
Amazon merged the complaints about a different Hershey's product (Special Dark) from eight years ago into the reviews for this product! Why?
Has anyone tried using/eating this cocoa close to the "best by" date? How did it retain taste if unopened?
Is this the powdered cocoa?
What does "contains 6 packets of Hershey's cocoa in 8 oz cans" mean? For $17.88, do we get 6 8-ounce cans, or 1 can with 6 packets inside?
Is the Natural Unsweetened cocao dutched?
What does the allergen warning state? Is there one? Thanks!
How does this compare in taste to the raw organic powders also available on Amazon?
Is this dairy free?
Could I make chocolate milk?
What is the expiration date on these cans of cocoa?
what is the can made of? stainless steel or aluminum?
what's the expiration date of this oil?
Hi, I really want to buy the walnut oil for my baby. But the system says it could NOT be mailed to Canada. How could I get it mailed to Canada?
exp date?
Why the individual price sold by amazon is much cheaper than the pack of 3 sold by FoodFinds? Is there anything different betweent these products?
Is this fresh? What is the difference between this decaf and dev?
Can this coffee be used in the nespresso Inissia, in the steel pods in lieu of using disposable pods?
Does this coffee produce a nice "crema" if made with an espresso maker?
What's the caffeine content per cup? (I realize it's decaf, but still contains a tad of caffeine)
Is this a medium roast
How is this coffee decafenated?
Is it an instant coffee or not?? Thank you...
Can this coffee be used in a regular coffee maker?
What is the expiry date of this product?
Is this variety of Lavazza coffee the correct grind to use in my Bialetti Moka Express?
hows the psychoactive effect compare to other brew brands?
I live in Brazil for several years so I am used to very strong coffee. Is this a strong expresso or the Qualita Oro is strongest?
I have a Bialetti Moka Express and a Cuisinart Brew Central - can this be used in both? Do I need extra paper filters for the Cuisinart?
Do you guys sell the dark roast version?
Can you use this for making just a strong cup of regular coffee? Thank you.
Taste: Does anyone with a similar machine have any suggestions?
How do I reduce "clumping" when added to hot coffee?
Is this a nut free product ..I dont see any allergen ingred.having a hard time finding a dry milk that isnt processed in a plant that does NUTs
triple checking to make sure that this is gluten free??????!!!!!!
Is it me or has PG Tips changed in flavor? It's not the same as it used to be, different blend now? Not as good.
is it 2 packages of 240
How much caffeine is there in one bag?
When do these expire if I order in the next week?
why is my order going to so long to get here. i order is november 28 and delivery will be dec 26 to jan 9
what is standard delivery to California
Is this tea sold with an UNEXPIRED shelf Life
Is this tea sold with an UNEXPIRED shelf Life
Is shipping free to the USA? Or only within UK?
Is there a shipping fee to San Diego, CA, US--and if so what? I want to make absolutely sure that there is no duty/customs fees... when shipped to USA
Tasted by itself, does erythritol have a subtle but definite bitter aftertaste?
What is the difference between this and the erythritol granules?
Description says "1% pure". I think you mean 100% pure.
Does this have the same effect on cookies as sugar? Xylitol produces a cakey cookie, would this produce better texture?
How does the taste of this product compare to the taste of Truvia?
is this 3 16 oz packages for this price ?
is this granuladed or powder
Is this non GMO
Is the Now Foods Erythritol made with organic corn?
Does each pack contain 80 tea bags or are there 80 bags in all?
Why is Tetley tea more staining than other teas?
How does this compare with London Cuppa, Yorkshire Gold and PG Tips?
how well does it sell in England? Is it very liked?
Hey guys I know there are 80 bags in the box it cleanly states it. The question I have is how many boxes come in a $20 purchase?
I know the boxes are wrapped but if I drink one cup a day, do i really want 480 days of tea on the shelf? Fresh is best?
How much caffeine in Tetly British Blen Premium Black tea bag?
Did they change Tetley BB recently, as mentioned in the poor reviews?
Is this a product of China?
Can this powder be used in baking? If so does it taste different in baking?
What is the experation date? Does it expire in a year from when you buy it or two years?
The words on the description do not say "organic," but the picture of the bottle does. What actually comes? I want organic only.
does this contain maltodextrin?
What is the expiration dates on both of these?
Does sweetleaf contains maltodrexin or any other added ingredient?
Does this have a tiny measuring spoon inside?
is it Non-GMO certified?
Are they manufactured with any known allergens?
are these raw chia seeds
have the almonds been pasteurized using ppo ?
Can these be used to make almond meal or flour?
are these organic?
What is the best way to store raw almonds?
Do these come in the shell?
ARE YOUR NUTS PASTEURIZED???
Salt
What is the pasteurization process/method used in these almonds please? I'm only interested in receiving an answer from the seller. Thank you.
Are these almonds pasteurized, and if so what method? Thank you!
Are these almonds sproutable?
About how many almonds in a 5 pound bag?
What is the shelf life? I am trying to figure out how soon before my wedding to order these.
How many servings per pound?
Shelf life? I need for a June 2015 wedding
Is this product Kohser?
Are these well salted? Are they evenly salted?
Price increase: Why such a large price increase and also a large S&amp;H increase?
Are these salted?
Are they pasteurized?
Are these in-shell or shelled?
Are these pasturized with steam or chemicals? Thanks
how are they best kept fresh?
What has the quality been? Are they grown in California?
Why are they sold as "raw" if they are pasteurized? Seems like false advertising.
Are these almonds pasteurized?
are these pasturized with steam?
For these cashews, where were they grown ?
How can i dry roast them at home?
In what country are they grown ?
Thank you, have enjoyed my first order. Ready to reorder. Will you cut a deal on shipping for purchasing mulitple packages?
Are these unsulfered?
Are these prunes dried and/or pitted? They are listed under "Dried Fruit" on the Newman's website.
Anyone know how to dry these? Mine are a slimy, gooey mess. I wrote to Newman's Own and still no response.
Are these considered raw (processed under 115 degrees)?
Am I missing it? I don't see if these are pitted. Thank you
Are these gluten free? Are they processed in a plant where there is wheat?
If this box was sold for the 2008 holiday season then isn't the coffee already way past its shelf life?
Hey , I 'm interested your product ,what is coffee expirection date?
Is $3.44 the price for the pack of 12? Or each 1.5 oz pack?
what are the twelve flavors?
what r the flavors
What is the himalayan pink salt brick used for?
can you use this to make flavored salts? will it break apart if i want it to? thanks!!
Are these the same 4lb Himalayan salt bricks that they sell at Southern States by the tack?
Are these bottles really made with GLASS? Than you.
What size are these bottle and how many come in a pack? Thanks!
Is it's the bottle or the water????
How tall is the bottle? Dimensions?
Is it a one time use?
is it a good substitute for instant coffee? i tried the tea bags but theyre a little expensive, can i use this as instant? or is it only for machines?
can this coffee subtitute be used in a Keurig machine?
I noticed that the nutrition info shows varying numbers of calories for a tablespoon of this herbal coffee. I am wondering if the brewed coffee also has these calories?
Can you tell me how many popsicles are include for the purchase of $27.29? The description says "15 bags of 10" and weight is 39 pounds
What is the actual size of each pop?
Is Sqwincher gluten free?
Are these for young kids? Or must they specifically say they are ok for young children?
Do you have same day delivery to Syracuse, ny
What's the sugar content?
Do these contain food coloring?
Are these nuts organic?
have these nuts been fumigated with propylene oxide?
What is the country of origin?
Has any salt been added to these nuts?
how many cups can you get from the bag?? in one lb
Are these walnuts run on the same lines as soy or wheat products?
I normally buy orgainc nuts. What are your farming practices? Are they even close to organic?
Does it have any artificial flavoring in it?
How long does this stay fresh in the refrigerator?
is this product clear or does it have a tint to it?
How much does it take to flavor a half gallon of homemade ice tea?
Has anyone tried this peach flavor with the sodastream? Want to make sparkling peach water without artificial flavoring.
is sugar or sweetener added
How many calories?
Does this need to be refridgerated
I understand that that you would get 114 servings but is a typical high quality serving from one packet a 5 ounce serving or a an 8 ounce serving?
How many ounces in a typical high quality serving?
how much caffeine per bag
Anyone knows when is the expiration date for this coffee?
it says 19 count box pack of 6 so i would get 114 servings correct
How many ounces in a typical high quality serving?
Can you use these in a Keurig Brewer? With or without the separate brew basket?
Are these thompson seedless raisins or a different kind?
1. Is there any added sugar , oil? 2. Is it Unsulphured Raisin?
What is the expiration date?
Is this product packed on equipment that also packages products that contain peanuts, tree nuts, milk and eggs?
Are these golden raisins or regular raisins?
how do you use this to make kimchi? do you dilute it, or just rub it on the cabbage leaves, I cant find instructions anywhere.
where can I buy fresh daikon radish online?
Does anyone find this a bit salty? The recipe I have called for adding this to cabbage, garlic, etc...does anyone use anything else to cut the salt?
Does this product have msg?
what are the ingredients?
What is the shelf life of this honey?
Wholesome Sweeteners Organic Fair Trade Raw Honey - Jar is? Is the jar glass or plastic?
What country is your honey frim
It says it is raw but is it unprocessed and unpasturized?
What kind of plastic/recycling code is the jar? What Country of origin on your jar? Thanks
What color is this honey? I don't light colored honey
Thick creamy multifloral honey with "delightful butterscotch essence" Do they add "butterscotch essence" to the raw honey?
Why is this item listed as vegan? It is a 100% animal product, therefore NOT vegan. Please correct your listing.
If you mix turmeric (about a teaspoon) in coffee thermos along with one to two tablespoons coconut oil, will coffee be hot enough to release curcumin?
How many Mg's in a tsp of Indus organic turmeric powder
can it be used in cooking or only on cooled foods and how can stains be removed
"Curcumin extract powder is made by dissolving turmeric in chemical solvent and then doing distillation and drying. " Whats chemical is used?
Is the container BPA free?
Is this a curcumin extract powder or just turmeric powder?
Why is it more expensive per container to buy two at a time than to buy just one? $17 each for one, $17.50 each to buy two. Is that pricing correct?
what is the current batch of tumeric expiration date ?
I bought this item last month and I would like to know if the facilities are free of gluten or nuts? Are the machines process something else before?
Can this be used to make Golden Milk, mixed in with either Coconut or Almond milk?
Is it 100% ginger and nothing added?
ginger dosage ?
What is the country of origin? Isn't this information required to be on the label?
Description says 1 Lb Jar, but pricing says: "Price: $20.99 ($9.54 / oz) &amp; FREE Shipping on orders over $35." Only 2 oz? Which one is right?
Is this ginger packaged in a glass jar or plastic jar?
Has Indus fixed the issue with the anti-tampering seal? I'm reluctant to buy if they haven't.
where is the country of origin?
Where is the cinnamon harvested from?
Is the "jar" glass or plastic? If it is plastic, is it BPA free?
What is the expiration date on something like this?
is the ingredients pure ceylon cinnamon? I only want just pure cinnamon. Thank you.
what are the ingridients in Shirakiku Miso Shiro (white) Soy Bean Paste,
Is this a GMO-free product?
how do you store it?
Is this product of USA?
Does this product contain MSGs?
is this a vegan and all natural product
pack of 6 means 6 big packs right? It doesnt mean that they have 6 small bars in side?
How were the expiration dates? I need these for a wedding in 6 months.
how many bars are in each bag?
How many per box?
Is hydrogenated oil{s} one of the ingredients?
Hello! How many units (cream cookies) come in this box?
Question was answered, thanks to all who took the time to help! I can't wait to start making party favors once the cookies are shipped!
Can someone who have bought this shortbread recently tells me the expiration date?
what is the typical expiration date? if there's any. Thanks!
is it 14 oz or 1.4 oz?
How are each 2 count cookies packaged? Are they in the plaid wrapping or in clear cellophane?
Why so expensive? These are on sale at World Market for $7.99 for 20 two packs individually wrapped?
does this item have alcohol in it?
Can you taste any difference in the "Bourbon" vanilla over the regular alcohol ones like McCormick etc?
Can the vanilla extract go bad? How long can I use it after opening?
I just got this and it doesn't seem to smell very much of vanilla at all, more like just alcohol. Will the flavor seem more pronounced after cooking?
I am looking for a flavorful extract for smoothies, but do not want an overpowering alcohol taste. Watkins makes a low-alcohol blend but has additives- glucose and prop glycol. Experiences/opinions? TIA!!
Is it packaged in a glass or plastic bottle
Extract vs. Paste? Shelf life, taste, smoothies and alcohol content? Is alcohol steady at 30% for paste regardless ... for flavor priority?
Is their added sugar in this product?
Does anyone have an idea about what squeeze container to use a smaller quantity of this to make it easier to pour?
how are contents dated for freshness?
Do you check expiration dates on the box before shipping to make sure they have a viable shelf life left?
are the wafers unleavened?
What is the shelf life of this product?
Is this clotted cream made from 100% grass fed cows?
According to Amazon, my order was shipped on 12/20 and not expected here until 12/26 to 12/31. Will it be usable?
is it shipped cold
I have a jar of devon english luxury clotted cream the expire date on jar is 31 Jan 2015.....how long will it last unopened...any longer?
Does this product expire quickly? I'm looking to get it for a Christmas gift, but it's only the 1st of December.
i will not be able to use the entire jar within three days of opening. Can i divide the jar into indivdual servings and freeze?
What is the shelf life unopened / expiration date on the jars? I want to know if I can order a few at a time.
Does it has to bee shipped cold to last ?
What is the refrigerated shelf life once it has been opened?
What is the difference between Luxury Clotted Cream and Double Devon Cream, both sold by The Devon Cream Company?
how much sugar?
calories per tablespoon?
Is it tree nut free?
No stir?
No stir?
No stir?
INGREDIENTS
So this product doesn't contain any sugar at all? Is it naturally sweet or does it require an added sweetener?
I am trying to find organic malt-- I don't suppose this is, eh?
DA-you might think people would like to know how many carbs and calories per cup
What are the ingredients in the malted milk powder?
Is this a non-gmo product?
Do you have a malt powder that is purely malt?
Can the culture be reused from one yogurt to the next rather that needing a starter packet all the time?
i'm sad that the second ingredient in this starter is "sucrose" which is table sugar. my husband is diabetic. diabetics? answers?
Can you use almond milk to make yogart
Yogourmet Freeze Dried Yogurt Starter, 1 Ounce Boxes (Pack of 3) Is this product a pack of three 1 oz boxes?
How many probiotics are are in the original yogurt starter?
Is there any info on the packet as to where it is made?
Does this product have to be transported at a certain temperature? It will have to travel by air and road to get to me so i'm wondering.
The yogourmet says to run the yogut maker for 4-4.5 hours. how long should i leave it in the my euro cuisine ymx650 to get rid of all lactose?
Does the start come with an oxygen absorber?
Can you use this with coconut water or milk?
Ground or Whole Bean??? Is this coffee ground or whole bean??...
Is it 3 packs 17.6 ounce each? I'd have 52.8 oz for $23.70. Am I right?
We were given a 17.6 oz package of Kronung Premium in a green pkg. Green packaging for coffee in the States is decaffeinated. Is this?
Is your product free of common allergens such as gluten, wheat, soy, dairy, nuts? and is not manufactured in a facility that produces these products?
what is the sodium amount in this product?
Do you bake using the same amount of baking soda as the recipe calls for or is it necessary to adjust the amount according to what you are baking?
What is the shelf life?
How much magnesium per serving?
Is this product aluminum free?
I can't use potassium substitutes like Mrs. Dash etc use with my medication. Does this replace the sodium chloride with potassium chloride?
How do i test to see if it is still active?
says 16 count, pack of 3, so 16x3 = 48, then brings 48 capsules??
does it come in decaf
Is it slow
how do I get the foam on top
can I use other capsules in this machine? Peet's for example.
does this make great cappuccino? How many cups of coffee per box? Can you find the pods elsewhere and how much does this cost per cup?
do you have just all espresso like 16 count .. box ?
Do these have sell by dates? When are they supposed to expire?
how does it compare to keurig?
can you use those capsules with Kurig?
List of all ingredients, please
serving size &amp; calorie count
what is the fat content?
Does anyone know if this product is GMO-free? I ask because the first ingredient is made from corn. Thanks!
carbs
Serving size and how many servings per container?
how many portions per container
what flavors are included?
Does it contain any sort of alcohol?
Does the chocolates melt If I don't keep them in freezer?
Is this product 100% olive juice, or is it mixed with canola?
Does this require refrigeration after it is opened?
I have all of the replies I need. No further responses are needed. I will buy elsewhere.
Do you know the sodium content?
looking for 25 oz bottles of boscoli dirty martini olive juice
Nutrition info ?
I prefer salad dressings that are not sweet tasting, without sugar or any other sweeter, whether natural or artificial. Is this product sweet to the taste?
How many bottles are included in this price of $14.87?
Is the price for 1 bottle or 1 case?
What is the amount in the bag? 2 lbs?
How much rice is in the bag? The amount is not stated in the item description.
Do you have a general broth to rice ratio for this paella rice?
I know the cans are BPA free but are they also BPS free?
Has anyone ordered recently? Is it still free of guar gum? Also, is it sweet at all?
Will it cream up in the fridge for making treats?
Does this product blend well with coffee?
Hello- is the water used in this product filtered using reverse osmosis water? I want to know if it's free from contaminents like flouride?
What is the difference between the Organic and the non organic. I recently purchased the non organic.
I see a kosher symbol on the regular version, but not on the organic version's picture. Does the organic version have a kosher symbol?
Is this coconut milk good for making yogurt? I like a fairly thick creamy yogurt. Will this work?
This coconut milk is watery and gritty -- not at all smooth &amp; homogenous &amp; can't use it to whip into cream. Has anyone else had this experience?
Ingredients on can: Organic Coconut EXTRACT, Water. The word EXTRACT in ingredient lists usually rings alarm bells for me, how exactly is this made??
what is gmo ?
Has anyone made Arepas using this flour?
Has anyone made tamales using this product?
Why is this product in the organic section- I cannot find ANYWHERE on the packaging that it is organic or GMO free corn. Help
If in fact it is GMO free, why not just come out &amp; say it? Thanks in advance.
What is the difference between this $23.94 product and the other Masa Harina from Bob's Red Mill that is $13.16? Both have (4) 24-oz bags.
I don't see the words "organic" or "non-gmo" on this product. On the Bob's Red Mill site masa harina is not listed under the organic flours and meals. I think if it were non gmo/organic it would say so on the label like some of his other products do....
Can you make tamales &amp; corn cakes with this? Thanks
how do I store this sunbutter?
What's the difference with SunButter Creamy Sunflower Seed Spread?
What is the sodium content?
Doe anyone know the sell by date on recently purchased jars? (6 pack )
is there any GMO's in this product such as gmo oils
What is the "sell by date" on the containers? Need to know if I will use all 6 before they expire.
Hi, i am interested in buying this for a party, before opening these kegs do you have to store in the fridge or can be kept in the room temp?
will it fit in a heinekin mini kegerator beer dispenser? Is it compatible?
What specifically is in this keg party pack? Are they all kegs, with two different sizes? I need to know the specifics.
Can the container be reused (cleaned and filled with another product such as home made rootbeer)?
How big is the keg itself? (dimensions)
How long will the root beer's quality sustain once tapped, is the keg refillable?
How Does Keg Open/Close? Hi, Just wondering, is the keg resealable?
how tall is the keg?
does this keg need a tap?
is the can bpa free
Has anyone else seen a thin layer of gray film at the bottom of the Native Forest Coconut Milk cans?
In late April 2014, did fat content drop drastically from last winter? When seperated, how thick is fat layer on top of new can?
where is this canned? Grown?
what is the sodium content?
7 of the 12 cans were heavily dented. Anyone else having this problem? Dented cans can cause a problem with the seal.
Is this the same as coconut cream?
What is the shell life of the product "after" opening the can?
To use as a coffee creamer, can you pour straight from the can, or is it better to dilute w/ water, blend, etc first?
Coconuts have been shown to help memory problems, has anyone used this product for that?
Are the cans BPA free, thanks.
What is the sodium content?
Organic means that the feed the chickens were given is non-GMO, right?
Does this have a long shelf life? I hesitate ordering so much if the date isn't out a bit.
is this gluten free
Are these organic, pasture fed, hormone free, antibiotic free canned chicken? Thanks
(Question has been answered, thanks for the replies everyone. No more need for people to reply)
is there bpa in the can?
how many calories per serving?
does this have a pull tab to open or do you have to use a can opener?
Is this albacore tuna?
how much protein per can does this have? it doesnt list any of that or show a picture
Is there also soybean oil in this item as described under product detail. I was hoping for just tuna and water.
What is this packed in?
Where is the tuna caught?
i bought these as a gift before altho not from your co.,they were so stale they couldnot be ate. r these fresh?
Can these absolutely fabulous cookies be frozen?
Do you have an ingredient list?
Can these cookies be frozen in original container and then put in a freezer bag - will they get soggy?
Will you ship to England? If yes,, what is the shipping charge?
Ingredients and calories?
how many cookies in a box
Can you just substitute Pomona's pectin for Ball pectin or Sure Gel in recipes? I like a lot of sugar but would like to use this pectin instead.
does it contain the calcium water I need or does that have to be ordered separately
what is the shelf life of pomonas pectin
what the ingredients
Does anyone use this to thicken ice cream or sorbets? If so, how does it work?
Is this vegan?
Is this product kosher?
why cant you deliver your products in Spain???
I am confused...why is 1 ounce of this product selling for $1.93 on Amazon and the box containig 6 - 1 ounce packets selling for $37.69?
Can I use Pomona's Pectin in substitute for liquid pectin? Has anyone tried this and what were your results?
Is this truly dye-free and without artificial flavors?
The ingredients above list dyes and artificial flavors. Isn't this dye-free?
Kool-Aid Invisible Watermelon-Kiwi Packets: Does anyone know if Kraft discontinued this flavor of Kool-Aid?
Does this version get rid of mildew smell &amp; sour laundry smell or is General Household Odor Eliminator vs. better?
Does this work on fabric? I have a wool robe that smells like mothballs. I want to get rid of the odor.
Can this be used on leather?
will it remove strong perfume odor from a shoe on which a bottle of perfume dropped. I need to be assured it won't stain the shoe or leave any scent.
Does this product remove cigarette smoke odor from fabric?
what is the size
How are these shipped? The last time we ordered them they were all broken when they arrived.
What is the shelf life of kits? Will they keep until next Christmas if not assembled?
What is included in kit.
Does this product contain MSG?
Does the 35 oz jar have an airtight seal? Or a foil lining? Sould it be repackaged for long term storage?
I do not see an ingredients list here. Does anyone have an ingredients list pic they can upload for us to see?
Is this dry powder based or some sticky gel? Haven't seen / used this version myself ..
How many cups of Buillion are there in this jar?
What is the Sodium content of this bouillon?
is this product gluten free
How many cups of actual powder is in this size container?
what are the parts water versus bouillon?
can you steam the pudding
Is this alcohol free?
how many people does 454 grams serve?
Can it be heated in the microwave?
how soon will I get i, if ordered today?
Does it have nuts? I'm looking for a nut-free Christmas pudding. Thanks!
What are the listed ingredients on the label?
What are the dimensions and do they heat seal?
How many in a pack?
How do you seal them if you want to use them as favors?
When it says the quantity is16 count-pack of three. So how many pods total(48?) are in the shipment?
Are these pods individually wrapped?
Work with Melitta Java pod machine?
May I have a complete list of ingredients, please?
does 4 pack mean 4 bottles or - --- 16 bottles
Can this compare with Blenheim's Ginger Ale? Does it have a kangaroo kick?
Is it 0.00% alcohol free?
Why is this four times the cost of buying this at BevMo?
are these colored, maraschino cherries, or are they dark, natural cherries? (and is there an ingredients list, please?) TY!
Are the candies individually wrapped?
Is the chocolate dark or milk?
Were there only 8 individual pieces in your box? (the posting is for a "Large" box of chocolates, so I am thinking "8" is an error?) Thank you!
Does this come with a scooper?
Whenever Hemp Protein is mentioned, it does not specify if it's the hemp seed or the entire hemp stock (leaves &amp; stems). Does antone know which it is?
What is the use by/consume by ate on these? I am wanting them for March 2014
how many calories per bag?
Is the expiration date far out enough, e.g. a few months, NOT unreasonable date like less than a month, etc?
what are the dimensions of the individual bags?
If the product is 3.1 pounds, and the shipping weight is 5 pounds, what in the world are you including that weighs 2 pounds O.O ??
How many brownies in the half gallon bucket?
How many are there?
what is the shelf life of this item? Storage?
Are there nuts in the brownie or only on the top?
How many brownies per gallon?
product size and weight would be most helpful- the size of the tin doesn't tell me if i'm sending 1 pound or 6 ounces of brownies_thanx
dimension of item???
I just received my cashews and they are not the same as pictured. They smell like fish/shrimp. Is this normal? I've never had cashews smell like this.
if unopened, what is the shelf life date?
Are these nuts organic, or not? The description says yes. But the actual product doesn't
I just received my cashews and they are not in a sealed package like the other ones I have purchased which said Sincerely Cashews. Are they bad?
Do theses cashews come in the type of packaging shown in the picture?
are thes cashews unsalted?
is it manufactured in China?
do these have any added peanut oil or are they purely cashews with nothing added?
is it salted
Do these nuts have any risk of cross-contamination with peanuts?
wanted to know if these cookies are the same as Kjeldsens . I have heard that Royal Dansk is made by the same company but those arent good.
What art is on the tins if they are not as pictured?
What are the dimensions of the tins?
Do you put this in the bottom of your Teavana pot or into the filter with your leaves??
Would you recommend this for coffee?
Teavana does not advertise their sugar as "German" or from "Beets" anymore. Is it only colored cane sugar rocks?
How long will 1 lb last approximately? I would say I use an average amount of sugar or sometimes none at all.
How does this sugar compare to using, say, sugar in the raw? Can you get the same flavor from sugar in the raw?
Is it brown rock sugar&iuml;&frac14;&#159;
Does anyone know the shelf life of that sugar ?
How long does this Rock sugar last?
How is this being sold as a pound (16oz), when the shipping weight is only 15.2 oz?
What or where can I get the nutritional info on this?
made this in my bread machine. It ended up filling only half the pan. could this be because we had to sub the eggs for flax eggs?
What is Pamela Gluten Free Bread Mix Glycemic Index? Thanks!
I notice on her video that Pamela recommends a stand up mixer. I don't have one, nor a bread machine. Can I use this mix without either one of these?
Full ingredients list?
How do you store your loaf of bread?
How many loaves does it make?
What are the number of carbs and protein
How many loaves of bread can be made with one of the 4 lb. bags in this 3 pack?
What should 1 cup of Pamela's Bread Mix weigh? I use dip and shake but get different amounts (5.0 to 5.8 oz). All purpose &amp; bread flour differ.
how many loaves can you get out of a bag?
Is there any alcohol in it, if so, how much?
Does it have any animal-derived ingredients (eggs, milk, etc.)?
What are the ingredients?- High fructose corn syrup in it?
What are the ingredients?
Where is this kelp collected from? I have read that shoreline kelp is dangerous
How large are the tablets?
does it help thinning hair
Anyone drinking this to raise red blood cell count??
It says the wheatgrass version contains iron, but on the photo/nutrition facts, it states 0% Iron. Is there iron or not?
what is the difference between alo and okf ?
I would like to know the exact ingredients of Awaken aloe + wheatgrass by alo.
Why does the Dark Chocolate Orange 6-pack have a shipping charge of $22.98, yet the Milk Chocolate Orange is available via Amazon Prime? Vulgar greed
how fresh are these? is there a expiration date?
What is the origin of this candy?
looking for the dark chocolate raspberry orange
If I buy the chocolate orange ball in the summer time, will it melt during shipping?
How are these packaged? I want to buy them for a gift.
Why don't any local stores carry them anymore?
Will you please make the sugar free candy canes again? They were great!
can you shipped in italy??
Incorrect cost? What's the deal?
Are their cows grass fed? I don't see this in the description.
when ordered on Amazon is this shipped cold or how will arrive to me?
Is it normal for this butter to have a fishy flavor? I bought 2 at Trader Joe's and my family couldn't stand the fishy taste.
can this butter be frozen if so for how long
So, you can't ship to Illinois - where can you ship this to? I'm seeing other states that are being questioned.
Trying to place an order, but I'm told that shipping is not available; description states "free shipping." Is it my location, Southern California?
SHIPPING is too expensive. Any major stores that carry this product?
Why does Kerrygold (or Igourmet) not ship to North Dakota anymore? I've ordered off of this site before, but now It will not allow for a shipment?
Can you ship to Canada?
Are the cows given antibiotics or hormones? Will this butter ever be organic? Also are fed any grains such as soy or corn? Non GMO?
What are all of the vegetables in the juice?
please tell me the sodium and potassium content of both the regular and the low sodium version of Lakewood Organic Super Veggie
wish this showed a picture of the actual nurtrional label
Is the bottle glass or plastic?
Are the bottle glass or plastic?
How are the vegetables handled before juicing ? as juice is not pasteurized, are all of the vegetables washed thoroughly ????
Do your juices contain GMOs? Organic does not indicate GMO free. Please advise.
Hi, is it possible to ship this product to New Zealand - and what would it cost for that? Thanks
What is the serving directions
what is the shelf life?
is this a complete U.S.A. product?.
Does the unopened product need to be refrigerated?
Is it really unsweetened? No other fruit juice sweeteners?
what for is cranberry good?
How do I check the expiry date since I'm buying online or it's just a risk that I have to take and hope it won't be an expired one. Thanks
What is the nutritional information for this?
Is this juice cold pressed and also not from concentratr
what is the expiry date of this product?
does this have added sugar, or is it truly just concord grape juice?
Is this heated or pasteurized?
Is this product still certified kosher? The Amazon photo doesn't show it but could be out of date.
is it glass bottle or plastic? Thank you
Is it kosher? The photo on amazon does not have the kof-k symbol.
where do the grapes come from?
What country is it grown?
How long before they expire in the original upopened packaging?
Is this product the same as Job's Tears?
Is the honey in a glass or plastic jar?
Where are the hives located? in the USA, Canada, Northeast, West Coast?
why does the product look off white in the jar?
what is the recommended storage procedure to avoid crystallization? thank you
How many ounces is the plastic jar?
Why is it so thick? It's a lot like peanut butter.
What's the shelf life? This is a large container and will last me a long time
Is the container BPA free?
Does the package note how many carbohydrates are in each stick?
How many calories in a stick of Floral Honeystix - Wildflower - 100% Honey?
does it come in a package (like a box)? or in a paper bag kind mail?
Which Kosher certification symbol appears on the package?
How long are they? Looking for 4 inches or shorter?
Are they made with raw honey?
Could you tell me what kosher certification your product has?
What to take these on a trip and would like to know about ease of opening honey stick, can I do it without a scissors?
How many grams of honey are in each stick?
does it have pollen?
Where does this honey come from? Is it domestic? (from North America?)
whats in it ,besides honey?
Hi I want to know is this honey you selling crystallised? or is it still runny? as am looking for runny or smooth honey not crystallised
Does it have honeycomb in it?
Is the jar glass or plastic?
do you feed your bees sugar water?
hello, I just bought this product and I want to know how to use it? currently I use half tea spoon every morning. Thank you
Is the jar plastic or glass? was jar unsealed? Thanks!
Does it need to be refrigerated after opening? Thanks.
Did anyone else get theirs unsealed?Just used to products that you consume having some kind of seal to show it wasn't tampered with.
Is this an organic product?
Why the new tag of the Raw Honey with Royal Jelly, Bee pollen and propolis does not say the amount of each? why does not say product from the USA?
I just purchased and mine has a chunky crystalized texture. Is that normal? I have used other brands and never had that before.
where is this product from?
Can you use this in drinks such as coffee and tea?
Do you harvest this from your own bees? Do you use the mandatory tick spray on your bees? How does that not transfer to the product?
is the cinnamon ceylon cinnamon
Does this product come in a glass or in a plastic container?
What is the ratio of ceylon cinnamon to the honey?
what kind of cinnamon is in this product? Ceylon or casseia?
What type of cinnamon is used in this product?
What is the ratio of honey to cinnamon?
what is the difference between the money tree bonsai and the money tree plant you offer. both say about 8-12 inches tall.
My plant is green but a little droopy. Any suggestions on perking it up?
what is the best soil to use for a money tree bonsai?
How big is the pot ? Is the plant braided ?
Should I re pot the tree after receiving it?
I work in an office with no windows. Will this plant do okay?
Does the plant come in the clay pot seen?
how tall does it grow?
Does anyone know if these are kosher?
Will the tablets last longer if I keep them in the fridge or will that destroy them?
Where are they made? US or China
Anyone notice the difference in the "NEW" pill? you can't split it in half and the potency isn't the same.
will they change the teast of hot peppers
How do these make "regular" food taste?
Is the Corn Starch in it Non-GMO?
will these work with vodka?
How long does the effect take?
how long do these last ?
My question is similar to the question above. By 4 Packs, you mean 4 Boxes of 19?
the box in the picture says it contains 19 bags, but the desciption says it has 4 packs. Is it really almost $20 for 12 cups of coffee?
what is the expiration for the 76 cups not bags?
what is the expiration for the 76 cups not bags?
is each bag individually wrapped?
What is the shelf life opened and unopened?
What is the country of origin?
Is this product Gluten Free? Can any unsulphered black trap molasses be gluten free?
Is the bottle glass or plastic? If plastic, is it food grade / BPA-free? Thanks.
Unsulfured molasses? Is this product Unsulfured?
does it have vit C? Although it's pure juice, in nutrition label, vit c is 0.
Is this lemon juice with no water to dilute it? And what is the acidity? I'm wanting to know if it can be used for canning purposes.
Nervous what is the expiration date. Is it worth getting your smaller bottles rather than save $ on the larger bottle? I check all expiration dates!
What are the ingredients of this lemon juice?
Is this made with US grown lemons?
Does this lemon juice have any preservatives in it?
can this replace minute maid frozen lemon juice that is no longer available?
how do i make a gallon of lemonade with this? what's the ratio?
What is the citric acid content per oz. please?
What is the expiration date on this pack of 12?
I just ordered the eggs today (Mon, 5/12) &amp; selected expedited shipping: 1-3 days. I'm hoping to use them on Friday. Realistic expectation?
Can these quail eggs be used for topping steak tartar?
How are these items packed and kept cold, specifically?
Are They USDA certified?
Is the flax and foods that the quails are fed organic and non-GMO?
If baking them on top of a breakfast casserole @ 350 degrees, how long do they need to bake to just set the whites?
How do you maintain the temperature of the eggs during shipping?
can they be hatched in an incubator
Target charges only $25 per 1.41lb container of similac sensitve. Not much of a deal. How come?
Any recent buyers can tell me about the expiration date? Thanks!
Could you tell me the expiration date ?
How long, on average, would this package of six last for a newborn?
what is the expiration date?
I buy the OptiGrow, not the older version Early Shield. Which version of the product do you get when you purchase the 6 pack-thank you!
Is this the new formula marketed as "optigrow" or the old version "early shield"? Photos show both version - a little confused. Thank you!
how do you ship this? usps, ups, fedex?
is this SIX 23 ounce containers?
what's the expiration date? tks
What are the directions on the box or your method for making these.
The picture states 12 pouches, but the comments say this is just one big box. Which is accurate?
Is this just one big box or is it individual pouches? if so how many oz is each pouch? and how many pouches are there?
Once opened, do you store them in the pantry or in the refrigerator?
Could someone post the nutritional? Thanks anyway. All I had to do was look!
Does it have an expiration date?
Shelf life of box
is this the same, just add water product from grocery stores?
dairy free? vegan?
What items are included in this combo pack? The picture shows 2 refills and a spray bottle.
How many ounces are the refill bottles that come with this package? Thanks!
Is the bottle of soaker fluit the same as the spray bottle? In other words, is it appropriate to use as a refill for the spray?
What is the full list of ingredients
how can i tell if the jar that i will recieve has the real honey not a fake one??
Dr Weil recommends Active UMF 20+ Manuka Honey. Does anyone know if this is the same or similar? Tx
Is the jar made of plastic or glass? I have to check them in at the airport, need to make sure they are not easy to break
Is this a type of honey that you can put in your tea on a daily basis?
How quickly does this honey expire? Is the expiration date near your date of purchase...months later...years later etc...
Would MGO 400+ be better for coughs than MGO 250+ or would it be overkill?
Where is the Proof that this is Pure Manuka Honey? Where is the UMF license?
Does any one know what this honey is so good for?
i just purchased this product and could not find the UMF rating. i hope that the seller will respond. thank you
Is this the actual 'active manuka honey' from new zealand?
non GMO?
Does it pop well in a hot air corn popper? Is it tough to chew?
Is this product manufactured in a facility that also produces tree nuts or peanuts?
Is there any allergen information on the Arrowhead Mills Organic Yellow Popcorn? Is it gluten-free?
Do you get six bags of popcorn weighing 28oz each?
Please confirm if your organic popcorn is NON-GMO. I understand that the "USDA/ORGANIC" label does not necessarily guarantee NON-GMO status.
Is this the large mushroom-type popcorn or the more tender butterfly shape? Thanks.
is this non GMO?
any chance i could get the non lemon flavor?
does it contain aspirin
Is this item not available under Prime free shipping?
How big (in inches) is this tree and the container?
i have a tree and the leaves fell off when the weather changed is that normal i think its a tea tree
I wondering if the bug problem has been solved (it is the only thing holding me back from buying it)?
Is "fresh air" a requirement for this tree? Can it survive in a bright, sunny spot in an office building?
What is the scientific name of this juniper?
Can I leave this tree indoors in the winter time, I live in an apartment ?
Does the tree received look just like the one in the picture? Is the bowl the same?
How much sun light does the tree actually need?
Is this variety of juniper safe for cats?
I live on the second story in an apartment.I have 4 windows that produce plenty of sunlight.Can I leave the tree placed right next to the window sill?
Does the almond butter come into contact with other tree nuts?
Is this one package of 24 packets or 3 boxes of 24 packets?
Are there any other ingredients?
Does anyone know how many almonds equals one pack of the butter?
What is the TBSP equivalent of one packet?
how much sugar are in these?
Is this one package of 24 packets or 3 boxes of 24 packets?
What is the shelf life of Almond Butter snack packs?
How much fat does this have per serving?
what are the ingrediants?
Do you have to stir this? I have been using Marathana No stir for my snacks and use the stir kind for baking.
What is the carb count in this almond butter??
Does this have cholesterol? if so how much per serving?
Is this butter made from raw almond (as opposed to toasted)? Does it have added sugar?
Is this a NON GMO Verified item? I usually buy it at the local Publix and it says NON GMO Verified on the back.
What are the ingredients?
Are the almonds blanched or is the nutritious skin left on?
Does this have a natural sweetner
how much selenium in 2 brazil nuts and what is recommended p.d. ?
Where do these nuts grow? Brazil? USA?
Are the 2 lb bags shipped in a zip lock bag poured from a bigger bag?
Can these go in the freezer since it's just me eating them?
Are these nuts salted?
Are these brazil nuts roasted or raw?
Are these Brazil nuts salted?
are they shelled
What is the use by date or sell by date on these packages?
Are they salted?
are these non gmo?
The product description staes "Two pounds" while the Details gives shipping wt. of 1 pound. Which is correct?
Are these dates pitted?
are these unsulfured?
I bought a 2 pound bag, the bag arrived and it is all swollen. The used by date is August 2015. Do you think these are ok to use?
What is the country of origin for the dates?
Do these dates have any ADDED sugar?
I want the correct answer to "one pound of two pound". All of the advertising indicates 2 lb. The item description clearly is marked 1 lb.
Are these natural? Are there any added sugars?
Have these dates been steamed to maintain their softness?
are these medjool dates?
The product title says 2 lbs. but the description says 1 lbs. How much does the product actually weigh?
toasted or raw? Are these sheets raw or toasted?
Why are you misleadingly highlighting the "DISTRIBUTED by.." a Hawaiian company? Is this a product of Hawaii or Japan? It says "Kyoto" on the top of the package, and has no "Product Of.." anywhere on the label IS THIS seaweed from/grown in Japan, or is...
I notice on the label that this nori is distributed by a Hawaiian company, but where is it harvested? What is the origin?
How many crackers in each individual wrapper? Experation date?
sugar content?
Do you ship worldwide? If so what are the shipping costs to Germany?
are they made with real cheese?
Are your products organic or treated with pesticides ?Thanks
About how many standard 14.5 ounce cans of beans is the 5 Lb bag equivalent to?
So where is the FDA "organic" stamp on this product. And the online certification that is non-GMO organic???
can you please tell us what pesticides are used? Foodalliance.org is ambiguous and does not say.
Can you sprout these seeds?
I purchased to sprout them, why don't these beans sprout?
Can all of your beans and seeds be used for sprouting?
Are these the desi variety of chickpeas?
hummus recipe
Can you tell me how to cook the beans so they are perfect. I want them to be like they come in the can . . .slighly firm!
Are peanuts or tree nuts present in your plant?
Do I have to plant it? I live in an apartment. Do I grind it to flour? How much flour does it make? I don't understand but very interested.
can it be used to spout and grow wheatgrass for further juicing?
I would like to get help on which wheat is good for what type of baking, breads, pastries,etc.PLEASE help!Also, I wanted ORGANIC NON GMO,Thanks
Can you please tell me if this is the type of wheat berries that I can grow wheatgrass for juicing? Thank you.
what is the best way to store it for long time ,can it be froze or in a cool area
Is the wheat grown and harvested with out chemical ferilizers or herbisides like round-up?
How long do these wheat berries last?Is their life extended as long as they have not been grinded?Thanks
I am looking into milling my own flour. Is this the right product to make whole wheat flour?
I want to grind for bread flour. Can I freeze a bad to keep it from sprouting and take out when ready to use?
what is the best way to store these? I'm wondering how protective the jute bag is from rodents, bugs etc?
Are these organic? I can't really find anywhere here or on there website where it states that they are.
Are they packaged airtight? I couldn't tell from the way the bag looks. Buying bulk. Thanks!
Do the Palouse brand products actually come in the jute bags as pictured?
Can you sprout these lentils?
Im new to lentils, do i have to clean these to remove stones etc. How likely is it to find stones, and other items to extract in this brand?
What is the nutritional information?
Can you cook these in a rice cooker?
1 box and small bag inside right ? or 4 boxes per order
I am making 18 carrot shaped cello treat bags for Easter. Wondering if this order would be a sufficient amount to do so?
Are these still organic? I bought a case on another listing, which turned out to only have organic wheat. Have they changed the product? Thanks!
Please address the issue if there is "Yeast Extract" in the product or not. I dont see it on the lable but the supermoms below seem to have a problem
will it work with k 560 2.0
Do you have to put the coffee in the paper filters, which then fit in this? Or do you just put the coffee in this filter and brew?
Will this work with a B130? If not what will?
There are 2 size filters. I have both sizes, but need 2 more of the larger size filter. Which size is it?
Does this K-Cup coffee filter basket work with Kuerig K45?
Are these deeper (taller) than the stock My K-Cup filters that come with brewers and My K-Cup assemblies?
i have a certain kind of ta that i love but no K-cups are available for it..can i put a ta bag in this screen and have it work properly ?.
Will these work in my Solofill V2 reusable filter for my V700 brewer?
Exactly what do I need for the B-130 to be able tg use the refillable coffee filter?
Does this in fact fit with the B130? None of the adaptors seem to include the B130 as usable.
I'm curious, the description says it comes in 3 bags, but a small bag and a ziplock bag are pictured. Several people say they got small bags, some say they got three bags, some say they got one bag. How would I actually get it? Also, do they really...
I want to put these in wedding suitcase tins as a wedding favor. We need to fill 50 tins that are each 3 1/4 " H x 2 1/4 " W x 1 1/4 " D. How much?
Hi all,..has anyone put these in rice crispy cereal like the one from Kellogs in the early 80s? Best cereal
How long can they stay in the package until they become stale?
Is the corn syrup HFCS? Or just plain corn syrup?
how can i find the list of ingredients for this product?
How can I designate wether I want the 21oz, the 8lb, or the 21lb? I'm not seeing any options or pricing.
Are these made with pork gelatin (as most marshmallows are)?
How long is shelf life?
Are these marshmallows gluten and egg free?
can i skip the oil and substitute with milk or water? anyone try it?
Has any one tried the Krusteaz Honey Cornbread, and how does it compare to this Penguin brand?
what do i add to the mix?
This vega doesn't want to make this with the egg. has anyone tried making without egg. Thank you very much...
What's the sodium content?
what store in Minnesota can I buy this product
To the moms that used this to treat thrush, how long after you started using the product regularly did you see improvement in baby's thrush systems?
Do any of you know which suppliers ship cold? Thank you!
I want to order this product but want to make sure it will be sent properly chilled. Please confirm. Thank you.
Does this product have a taste?
what are the ingredients?
What's the expiration date of this issue?
Do the nipples come with the bottles
What's the expiration date of this issue?
Why does this say $80+ retail but you can go on the Abbott website and it is only $51? Why would anyone buy this from amazon for $20+ more?
is it made in usa
is this a non gmo product?
Is it granulated or powdered?
The picture shows a 1 lb package. But, top says 5 lbs. Which is it? Thanks
Has anyone tried making jam with this? Have you had any issues with crystallization?
is this made from corn or sugar cane?
Is this product from the US?
Is this made from birch or corn?
is this xylitol or erythritol?
This question is for the Seller, since you should have the ability to check the product you are selling: Is this product page for a 5lb bag of Xylitol or Erythritol? Please clarify or correct description.
Why does it say zero calories when xylitol has 2.4 Cal/gm, 60% as much as sugar? It's erythritol that has effectively zero calories (0.24 Cal/gm)
is it gmo?
Does it contain any sweetening agent (i.e. sugar, stevia, etc.), or is it just milk?
how many quarts from each 12.7 oz can
What's the 'best before' date of these items?
What does the '12.7-Ounce Tins (Pack of 4)' means? Does it mean 4 tins and each weighs 12.7 oz&#xFF1F;
What's the 'best before' date?
what is the expired date
What's the best before date
size
how tall is the plant?
Does it come as seeds, or a semi grown tree?
How much and how often does it need water?
Can you give me an estimate of the palm's size?
Can you give me the dimensions of the container?
Could I use it for SUEDE LEATHER ? Or What is Bick's product for SUEDE LEATHER ? Thank you.
Is this a 2in1 cleaner and conditioner? Want to clean sweat and body oils off sofa and perforated truck seats.
Can Bick 5 be used on full quill ostrich skin boots?
I have a pair of Justin Bent Rail full grain boots. I have been told both "yes" I can use Bick 5 on them and "no" I shouldn't. Any ideas?
can i use bick 5 on my full grain leather boots?
Will this make the leather shiny? I have a pair of black leather ferragamos, but they are matte, and I want to keep them that way.
does Bick 5 complete leather care contain alcohol?
Is this product safe for ostrich and snake leather boots?
What this product work on PU/Synthetic Leather?
what are the ingredients
how much caffeine is in each packet???
how many calories?
It appears that the price for the pack of two just jumped from $30.00 to $57.83. Is this a mistake? Hope so or I will go somewhere else.
Is this 100% organic coffee? It does state its grown on their own organic farms.
Is the coffee gluten free?
How many carbs per serving.
How much does this item weigh? They should put oz. or ml somewhere don't you think?
Is there any added oil in this peanut butter? If so, does the oil sit on top of the contains inside the jar?
what are the nutrition facts
What are they made of?
Are they hand pulled? Do they have whiskers in them?
What is the expiration date!?!?!?!?!
What is the diameterof these casing? I need one more than 1"
I know you said smaller than 3/4 in, stuffer, but will it fit that one?
I was reading reviews before purchasing and now I am concerned that these are from China. Is this true?
Are these good for making cured sausage?
I read this product comes in several lengths/pieces. What is the average length? tks
The other equal packages from LEM and Eastman both say they make 25# and this one does not. Anyone know?
where are these packaged, USA ?
I need to how much sodium in the chips
Where is the milk in the BBQ flavor? It says contains milk yet I do not see milk in the ingredients. How strange.
R any Popchips gluten free?
Are these packed well? I want to order but don't want to get a bunch of crushed chips
how many carbs per bag
How many chips per serving for the 15 carbs?
how many servings and calories per 3 oz bag?
If these are not fried or baked how are they 'popped'? A guess would be force hot air...this would still be a form of baking.
How many carbs are in a serving?
I've been buying original flavor Pop Chips for as long as they've been available, but my last order with the expiration date 07/14 tasted stale?
How do you like the sea salt &amp; vinegar flavor? So what do you all think of it?
192 Ounces?
How securely packaged are these? Are most of the chips still intact, or mostly crushed?
So actually how many of the small (.08 oz) packets do you get with this order? Is it 24 packs of 6.08 packs? Thanks!
Baked Lays vs Popchips: Although I love my BBQ baked lays, I'm so tempted to try the popchips because of all the great reviews, but I'm curious to know the difference in the two types of chips?
Are these packaged in their own Pop Chips box or as a bag that gets thrown in with other items?
what are the nutrinitol values of these chips
Are Popchips gluten free?
Are these gluten free?
Does these have the texture like a rice cracker? I hope so but need to know before I order?
Can I eat these right out of the bag? or will I need to roast them?
Are these organic?
Are these truly raw (i.e. shelled by hand or are chemicals used to remove toxic part)?
What is the country of origin of these cashews?
Are these raw nuts salted. I cannot find anywhere that it says that. I like them salted: Are they salted????
Do they say if they are processed in a facility that processes wheat and/or gluten containing products?
Is this a low carb product?
Is this dairy-free?
Can this be mixed with water and used on cereal. I'd like to use it for travel with paleo granola.
what is the shelf life?
Can you make yogurt out of this product?
Can this dissolve in cold or room temperature water?
do the 12 packets add up to a total of 600g?
Does this make ice cream that is creamy like factory made ice cream or is it icy like is typical of home made ice cream making machines?
how many calories in one serving
what do you mix in with the junket ice cream mix?
Is this price per case, or per package of 12?
do they make a nice "pop" sound when you remove the lid?
What are the measurements of the bottles.
Are these glass or plastic bottles?
is it a twist off bottle or do I need can opener?
When the U.S. Exports 60% of Pecans overseas: Why can't U.S. corporations put Americans first?
Are these pecans processed in a gluten free facility?
Are these raw unsalted pecans? I thought it said that but now it's not in description and 1 reviewer mentioned raw also...?
This might be a silly question but is this an All-Purpose flour?
can yeast be used with this product
Can you use this instead of the pizza crust mix? I tried the blueberry pancakes and it never cooked through and they were flat and tasteless??
Isn't xanthum gum derived form corn?
Is Pie crust tender?
Is this a cup for cup substitution?
Is this product organic? Does it contain any GMO ingredients? Thanks!
Has anyone made cookies or muffins with this mix and how well did they come out? Thank you in advance!
Am I understanding correctly that this listing is for 6, 48-ounce bags?
Because I would not use 6 three pound bags quickly, I need to know if the flour is packaged well, so that it will keep for a long time if unopened
What kind of sugar is thsi particular soda made with? Cane or refined sugars?
i have tried to order mexican cola to be shipped to the uk &amp; the order was declined.why is this when a previous question about shipping was answered t
Hi there, I have a picnic on May 3rd I need Coca Cola in glass bottles for. If I order this, how soon could you have this to me?
Do you ship outside the US? I want it as a gift but fot the UK.
how much is shipping?
Is this the same case of mexican coke they sell in vons for 19.99? for 45 bucks what else is in the coke?
Are these glass bottles?
Can you guarantee these are the coca colas made with pure cane sugar and I will not find something else when it is delivered?
Contain soy?
does it contain caffeine
Do you offer a mix with NO "Partially Hydrogenated Coconut Oil"?
can this be made with water instead of milk? also, are there 12 boxes per case?
Is this one package of 12 packs?
Can it be used past the expiration date?
What is the ingredients list? I don't see any pictures of the ingredients or nutrition facts
Can you bake two boxes in a 9 1/2 x 13 pan or is it best to stick to two separate 8 x 8 pans?
Can it be used in a bread machine?
Is this the same Cornbread mix that is sold at Costco?
Does this cornbread need to be refrigerated?
What do i have to have on hand to make it?
What is the difference between the white label and the gold label? i love the gold label, have never had the white.
Whole Foods uses something they call "honey cup mustard" in their Prepared Foods area that is THE BEST! Great "kick." Do you think this is it?
Why is this spelled "Hineycup" and not Honeycup???
How long does this item stay durable? Is there an experation date?
is this pepper gravy white in color
I'm interested in purchasing this item. I would like to know the expiration date first. Anyone know?
Could I get a list of the ingredients please?
Can this be popped in a brown bag in the microwave?
Is it organic and non-GMO????? I must know before buying.
What is the expiration date for the 6 pack?
Is this price for 6- 28.35 oz containers?
Hello we love this popcorn and have ordered a case before. The picture shows crimson, we want to ensure it is the black kernal. Can you confirm?
Hello we love this popcorn and have ordered a case before. The picture shows crimson, we want to ensure it is the black kernal. Can you confirm?
There are two different jars shown containing Black Jewell...How are they different?
Is it organic or NGMO?
Does this come in a glass or plastic bottle? I encourage all food manufactures to go back to glass. I do my best to AVOID plastic in my food.
Is this cetrified NON-GMO? I know Tree of Life usually has non-GMO labelling, and with a product like this, such a label is pertinent.
Is there any testing for radiation levels?
Does it have soy in it?
what is the sodium content?
Is the can really bpa free? last I heard was only their sardine?
What about mercury in the tuna - does all tuna have mercury in it ?
I'm a little confused by 5 oz cans (pack of 12). And then I see a price 29.63 ($2.47/pack). What truly constitutes a pack?
is there a recall on any wild planet products
VS the cans of tuna at the grocery store - since these don't contain water, do you find that these stretch further? (Family of six here).
What is light skipjack?
What is the use by date?
Are the cookies peanut free? are they made on shared equipment or a facility that processes peanuts?
About how many per package?
Do I get 6- 3oz packages?
is each cookie individually wrapped?
Approximately how many cookies are in each 3oz package?
what is the expiration date?
How many ounces does this case make?
what is the expiration date?
How many packs do I need to buy for 1 year. Is "Pack of 6" enough as usual?
Is it Stage 1?
what is the expiration date now?
What's the difference between "Infant Formula with Iron, Stage1" and "Organic Infant Formula with Iron, Stage1"?
what is the expiration date?
what is the expiration date?
what's the difference between optigro and early shield?
Is the top threaded to screw into gumball machine or is it smooth?
I have a junior gumball machine, measures 6 inches across the bottom, will this stand work for this machine?
Will this work with the Carousal Machine?
Does this product contain MSG?
Are they marked in grams as nutrition is based on metrics?
Why do you have the number 3.25 when in the back of the bag it says "serving size is 1 oz" ?
is the case of 8: 8 packs of 4? ie. 32 3.25 oz bags?
How long do the Teriyaki Tender Bites stay "fresh" in the refrigerator?
conntry of origin somewhere
why the peppered has more protein?
Why does it say 100% beef then list all these ingredients? Water, Sugar, Less Than 2% Salt, Corn Syrup Solids, Dried Soy Sauce (Soybeans, Salt, Wheat)
What's your favorite way of messin' with Sasquach?
Is the product preserved with Sodium Nitritres?
Does this product contain MSG?
Are they marked in grams as nutrition is based on metrics?
Why do you have the number 3.25 when in the back of the bag it says "serving size is 1 oz" ?
is the case of 8: 8 packs of 4? ie. 32 3.25 oz bags?
How long do the Teriyaki Tender Bites stay "fresh" in the refrigerator?
conntry of origin somewhere
why the peppered has more protein?
Why does it say 100% beef then list all these ingredients? Water, Sugar, Less Than 2% Salt, Corn Syrup Solids, Dried Soy Sauce (Soybeans, Salt, Wheat)
What's your favorite way of messin' with Sasquach?
Is the product preserved with Sodium Nitritres?
Does this product contain MSG?
Are they marked in grams as nutrition is based on metrics?
Why do you have the number 3.25 when in the back of the bag it says "serving size is 1 oz" ?
is the case of 8: 8 packs of 4? ie. 32 3.25 oz bags?
How long do the Teriyaki Tender Bites stay "fresh" in the refrigerator?
conntry of origin somewhere
why the peppered has more protein?
Why does it say 100% beef then list all these ingredients? Water, Sugar, Less Than 2% Salt, Corn Syrup Solids, Dried Soy Sauce (Soybeans, Salt, Wheat)
What's your favorite way of messin' with Sasquach?
Is the product preserved with Sodium Nitritres?
Does this product contain MSG?
Are they marked in grams as nutrition is based on metrics?
Why do you have the number 3.25 when in the back of the bag it says "serving size is 1 oz" ?
is the case of 8: 8 packs of 4? ie. 32 3.25 oz bags?
How long do the Teriyaki Tender Bites stay "fresh" in the refrigerator?
conntry of origin somewhere
why the peppered has more protein?
Why does it say 100% beef then list all these ingredients? Water, Sugar, Less Than 2% Salt, Corn Syrup Solids, Dried Soy Sauce (Soybeans, Salt, Wheat)
What's your favorite way of messin' with Sasquach?
Is the product preserved with Sodium Nitritres?
Does this product contain MSG?
Are they marked in grams as nutrition is based on metrics?
Why do you have the number 3.25 when in the back of the bag it says "serving size is 1 oz" ?
is the case of 8: 8 packs of 4? ie. 32 3.25 oz bags?
How long do the Teriyaki Tender Bites stay "fresh" in the refrigerator?
conntry of origin somewhere
why the peppered has more protein?
Why does it say 100% beef then list all these ingredients? Water, Sugar, Less Than 2% Salt, Corn Syrup Solids, Dried Soy Sauce (Soybeans, Salt, Wheat)
What's your favorite way of messin' with Sasquach?
Is the product preserved with Sodium Nitritres?
Does this product contain MSG?
Are they marked in grams as nutrition is based on metrics?
Why do you have the number 3.25 when in the back of the bag it says "serving size is 1 oz" ?
is the case of 8: 8 packs of 4? ie. 32 3.25 oz bags?
How long do the Teriyaki Tender Bites stay "fresh" in the refrigerator?
conntry of origin somewhere
why the peppered has more protein?
Why does it say 100% beef then list all these ingredients? Water, Sugar, Less Than 2% Salt, Corn Syrup Solids, Dried Soy Sauce (Soybeans, Salt, Wheat)
What's your favorite way of messin' with Sasquach?
Is the product preserved with Sodium Nitritres?
Does this product contain MSG?
Are they marked in grams as nutrition is based on metrics?
Why do you have the number 3.25 when in the back of the bag it says "serving size is 1 oz" ?
is the case of 8: 8 packs of 4? ie. 32 3.25 oz bags?
How long do the Teriyaki Tender Bites stay "fresh" in the refrigerator?
conntry of origin somewhere
why the peppered has more protein?
Why does it say 100% beef then list all these ingredients? Water, Sugar, Less Than 2% Salt, Corn Syrup Solids, Dried Soy Sauce (Soybeans, Salt, Wheat)
What's your favorite way of messin' with Sasquach?
Is the product preserved with Sodium Nitritres?
Does this product contain MSG?
Are they marked in grams as nutrition is based on metrics?
Why do you have the number 3.25 when in the back of the bag it says "serving size is 1 oz" ?
is the case of 8: 8 packs of 4? ie. 32 3.25 oz bags?
How long do the Teriyaki Tender Bites stay "fresh" in the refrigerator?
conntry of origin somewhere
why the peppered has more protein?
Why does it say 100% beef then list all these ingredients? Water, Sugar, Less Than 2% Salt, Corn Syrup Solids, Dried Soy Sauce (Soybeans, Salt, Wheat)
What's your favorite way of messin' with Sasquach?
Is the product preserved with Sodium Nitritres?
Does this product contain MSG?
Are they marked in grams as nutrition is based on metrics?
Why do you have the number 3.25 when in the back of the bag it says "serving size is 1 oz" ?
is the case of 8: 8 packs of 4? ie. 32 3.25 oz bags?
How long do the Teriyaki Tender Bites stay "fresh" in the refrigerator?
conntry of origin somewhere
why the peppered has more protein?
Why does it say 100% beef then list all these ingredients? Water, Sugar, Less Than 2% Salt, Corn Syrup Solids, Dried Soy Sauce (Soybeans, Salt, Wheat)
What's your favorite way of messin' with Sasquach?
Is the product preserved with Sodium Nitritres?
Does this product contain MSG?
Are they marked in grams as nutrition is based on metrics?
Why do you have the number 3.25 when in the back of the bag it says "serving size is 1 oz" ?
is the case of 8: 8 packs of 4? ie. 32 3.25 oz bags?
How long do the Teriyaki Tender Bites stay "fresh" in the refrigerator?
conntry of origin somewhere
why the peppered has more protein?
Why does it say 100% beef then list all these ingredients? Water, Sugar, Less Than 2% Salt, Corn Syrup Solids, Dried Soy Sauce (Soybeans, Salt, Wheat)
What's your favorite way of messin' with Sasquach?
Is the product preserved with Sodium Nitritres?
Does this product contain MSG?
Are they marked in grams as nutrition is based on metrics?
Why do you have the number 3.25 when in the back of the bag it says "serving size is 1 oz" ?
is the case of 8: 8 packs of 4? ie. 32 3.25 oz bags?
How long do the Teriyaki Tender Bites stay "fresh" in the refrigerator?
conntry of origin somewhere
why the peppered has more protein?
Why does it say 100% beef then list all these ingredients? Water, Sugar, Less Than 2% Salt, Corn Syrup Solids, Dried Soy Sauce (Soybeans, Salt, Wheat)
What's your favorite way of messin' with Sasquach?
Is the product preserved with Sodium Nitritres?
Does anyone know the actual caffeine content (I've always heard the darker the roast the lower the caffeine content)?
Has anyone else noticed that the tins specifically have a later expiration date than the 1-lb or 2.2-lb bags? The tins I got were fresher by 3 months.
Are the beans sealed in the container? I am concerned about freshness as this will be a gift.
Is this particular product ground or whole bean?
Any decaf with this coffee?
Does "12.3 Ounce Tins (Pack of 2)" mean that it's gonna be two tins of 12.3 oz each or two tins combined are 12.3 oz?
Does "12.3 Ounce Tins (Pack of 2)" mean that it's gonna be two tins of 12.3 oz each or two tins combined are 12.3 oz?
how do you get free shiping
This is more exspensive than store. Is it a convenience thing?
Is this for one cannister or two? The description says quanity 1, but I just don't think that is correct, especially for this price.
What is the shelf life of these unopened?
What is the meaning of Wolfberry?
Hi, can I purchase 2 or 4 pounds only and how much would the 2 pound bag be, I went on to order on cart and it said almost $900, thanks Thom
hi, we saw it is organic, but I do not see certified organic logo on the package? just wonder there is organic certification?
Are these Goji Berries Raw?
Can these dry berries be eaten right out of the bag or must they be washed first?
Is this powder made from Sencha leafs?
Are there any calories in this Matcha Tea powder?....
Hello, I'd like to know where is this matcha come from? Japan or China? Can I see the ingredients?
Does is come in teabags?
Not sure if there is such a thing as GMO green tea but can anyone confirm if this is NON-GMO?
Can anyone give me the nutritional information? My package is all in japanese and I would liek to know calories, carbs, etc...
I find the taste unbearable, I just mix it with water and drink it straight up before a jog to give me energy. Any tips to make it easier to drink?
Theres been a couple scandals on tea from Taiwan for having too many pesticides. Does anyone know if this brand has been affected?
is this organic
What is the expiration date on the package?
Is there actually SIX boxes (5 oz) each as posting says....Enjoy Life Foods 6X 5 Oz ????
How much sugar and fat in each bar?
Is this listing for one box of bars (5 bars total) for $11.99?
WHAT IS THE LIST OF INGREDIENTS? THANKS
what is the calorie content
What size is this when it arrives? I am looking to replace a bonsai Sego that died, so I need it to be a small plant.
Exactly how much sun and water is needed for a 3 frond palm...is it safe to leave on the patio outside? I have noticed that 3 blades of one frond are turning yellow...is this from too much sun or water...or not enough?
How many palm fronds are in the pot? One buyer said he only received 2 ??????
Does it include all spiral bamboo?
Does this arrangement come assembled? How is it packaged?
Am i suppose to keep the plant in the squishy soil that it comes in, once I put it in the vase with water?
How often to water and what kind of water?
I bought lucky bamboo a few days ago from Amazon. Anything I should do to keep it alive and grow health? Shall I cut a little bit from the root?
Does it come with rocks or soil for the bamboo? I ordered this as a gift and it did not come with anything to hold the bamboo. Thank you.
What is the shelf life of an opened can?
Can this be mixed in whole milk?
How early can you start giving it to your baby?
What is the price of 1050g product?
when will you get more in stock?
does anyone know if there is DHA in this? thanks
How many fluid ounces does one can make?
Did I get a bad one or it is just brownish in color with strong smell? (color and smells like old baby formula powder at the bottom of an open can.)
Is $21.39 price for one can?
how many pouches will i receive for this price?
Can this be used in home made lip balm?
Has anyone used this for baking? I'm thinking about making desserts with this.
It says "made from the whole fruit" does that include the hard the shell ?
how many calories
are there any fillers in this product?
how many servings per package?
Do you have the first simplest Ensure Butter Pecan Flavor? They have recently changed the formula &amp; it is too sweet.
how many bottles do you get for 17.96?
Is refrigerated? What about the expiration date?
is this a 30 day serving amount?
Can this be made with whole milk instead of water? Has anyone tried?
does it contains caragenan?
I would like to order a few cans of the babys only organic formula lacto relief, what is the experation date on the cans you have in stock?
My son will soon be 5 months old - is this formula OK to give to him? There isn't another NonGMO on the market for babies that I am aware of.
How far out do the expiration dates usually go?
Am I the only one who has trouble getting this to dissolve? Hot or cold water it just clumps! What's the secret?
If i ordered now lactose relief (order date 10/14/2013) will i get older formula or new (use date July 2015)?
how many onces does this can produce of formula?
Has anyone experienced your child with brown or black stains on their teeth from this formula? We can't figure out if the stains are from food or from the formula.
Does this formula contain DHA?
Please confirm the expiration date on this product. Thank you.
Do you ship to Hawaii? If so I assume it'll be Free Shipping also. Thank you very much.
If i am going to make 16oz drink, how many drinks can I make with this product?
Is it pure matcha green tea leaves?
how green is it ? Can I use it for tea ? Can I use it for Ice-cream ?
It is just the green tea and nothing else in the ingredients?
Where is this from?
No directions for how to make tea and pkg is all in writing I cannot understand. Thank you!! Loretta
Is this the right kind of green tea powder for green tea cakes and ice cream?
Is there sugar added?
Do these gummy worms have an expiration date?
what size is the worm?
About how many worms come in the package?
Are these the "sugared" type sour worms? or the "smooth"
is this bag resealable?
Is this gluten free?
Is purple rice different from black rice? or are they the same
One of the reviewer claimed that this is white or red rice overmilled and then dyed black.. anyone confirmed that this is infact actual Black rice ?
Is this purple rice? I wanted purple rice and you decribe it above as black.
IS this rice from Thailand?
The shipping info says it is 5.7 lbs, for those that have purchased from here, can you tell me how many pkgs you received? The listing shows 15oz
Is this for 1 15oz pkg or 6 pkgs? the shipping info says it is 5.6 lbs that is why I am wondering. thanks
is the "around the world in 12 coffees" organic
Does the coffee come in beans or is it already ground?
Is this one pack of 12, or 12 packs of 12?
Is there any decaf packs too? (I don't want decaf)
Are there K-Cups for this? I bought this pack earlier this week for work and it is good but i would like to have it at home as well!
How many cups of coffee per pack does it make?
What is the expiration date?
is this product certified kosher?
What is the size and weight of the actual product? I am looking for something to bring as gifts overseas, cannot be too large and heavy.
Are these ground beans okay to use in a French Coffee Press? I see it is a medium grind and usually you need coarse.
Does it contain lactose?
how many bars in package total please?
How many box's of 6 bars do you get for the $18.74 ?
The label said 1 serving is 20 teaspoons or ~7 tablespoons. How many cups, quarts, or gallons of tea does that make? Don't say it depends on taste.
Description above is a little vague--does this product have stems?
Does the product you received seem fresh? I know, with mate it can be hard to tell. Is there a freshness date on the package?
Is this an organic product?
Is this brand of Yerba Mate smoked? Looking for unsmoked Yerba. I tried to find the drying method online but was unsuccessful.
At a cup a day, say 2tbs, how long will this bag last?
Is this Yerba Mate Organic? Is it smoked? Thank you!
This product is listed as having 7g of sugar per serving. Does the sugar from the leaf translate to sugar in the tea? If so, how much?
approximately how many of these would I need to fill my swimming pool?
How many calories does it have?
Is this particular gelatin an animal product or plant product?
is it organic
when is exp.day?
Is this for making alternative to jelo?
Can someone tell me what a serving size is and the macronutrients (grams of fat, carbohydrates, proteins) for each serving?
Does it expire/go bad if not used by a certain date?
What are the substances in plain gelatin
Does this item contain aspartame like the flavored ones?
Are they actually addictive? O_o
are they dry roasted?
What ingredients besides cashews please?
Does it need refrigeration before opened?
Has anyone here tried Volpi Prosciutto AND Negroni Italia Prosciutto? (Also sold on Amazon for same price). Which is better in taste/quality, fat?
how do you slice/eat this?
are they salted?
What is the expiration date for these nuts? Thank you.
they are organic?
Where are these pistachios from? Which country? They are unsalted, correct?
Are these pistachios pasturized? What processes do they undergo before being packaged?
Can I get these in 1 lb packings?
What is the expiration date on the Pringles Variety Packs?
Hello, I am interested in the Pringles variety snack packs and am wondering how much a pallet of 50 cartons weighs plus what are the total dimesions?
When will this expire?
Hi if I order by Mon 1/12 and complete message request same day, can the i get the order delivered by 1/27? thanks
Do the cookies are pre-wrapped? Does it cost more to have them pre-wrapped?
I would need 30 cookies for one event and 30 cookies for another, do you guys could separate the cookies so they wouldn't be all mixed up?
Can I get this order by February 14, 2014?
What is the maximum number of letters/characters allowed on each custom fortune written by customer?
If it's fresh, how do you preserve/store it? I'm thinking of buying it, but afraid it will go south in a week or two. Or am I confused, and it's dried?
Is it organic? What is the country of origin?
What is this exactly ? Is it weed or tea?
Is this product imported? From where?
Are these papaver somniferum seeds unwashed?
good for tea?
are these seeds washed or unwashed?
Is it a 100% cocoa?
There is a comment that says the quality of Cocoa is 2-star sold as 4 1/2 star. Was is yur opinion on this please? Thank you so much and was it really a "Frontier" brand?
Hi! Do you know if this cocoa powder is gluten free? Thank you.
Any information on cadmium for this product? Where are the beans sourced? Thanks!
DOES IT CONTAIN CAFFEINE?
is it peanut-free?
Why is your cocoa "Dutch processed"? From all my readings, Dutch processing depletes antioxidants and should be avoided.
Dutch processing kills nutrition. If you buy this considering it's a health food, you'd be wrong. Here's from Wikipedia: "Compared to other processes, Dutch process chocolate contains lower amounts of flavonols (antioxidants).[4]" In summary, if your...
Per review 'It is Food To Live's own brand and packaged in ordinary plastic zip bags.' Are these packaged in mylar?
Do they clean the seeds in some way? I would LIKE them irradiated. No radiation is left and you are sure there are no germs or bacteria.
Where is the seed produced and where is it packed? - which country? .
Hello, why is this so inexpensive? $14..for two pounds?
Is this product clear of California Proposition 65?
Can I just eat them as a snack...I heard they are good for indigestion and bloating....
Is this gluten free?
Is this gluten free?
how do i use it ? please teach me how to use it . thanks. how long i can cook it in the boiling broth soup ?
Where is the country of origin?
What is the shelf life of this product, and how can I store it to extend the shelf life? Does it freeze well?
What is the difference between this "non-sulfites" and their organic ground what does non-sulfites mean ?
How is it dried? (With Chemical? Sun? Dehydrator?)
where is this product made in?
how to save
The description mentions that it's organic, but the packaging does not. Is it organic?
What is the country of origin of this turmeric? India? China?
Is this product tested for heavy metals (like lead, etc?)
Which has more health benefits, this ground form or fresh?
What is the country of origin?
can you capsule it
What is the country of origin?
Can this root be pulverized and put into capsules?
Will you please tell me if this comes in actual root form or if it is powdered?
Can you powder it and then mix it and drink it
How much bulk tea is needed to make a gallon of tea?
Is this a loose leaf or powder?
I like a hint of cinnamon only...is the cinnamon overpowering?
How many teaspoons of loose tea are in the bag? I'm trying to estimate the cost of a cup of tea. It looks like maybe 100 teaspoons, or? Thanks.
Is there a good expiration date on it when you receive it?
Is this tea caffeine free?
How do you store these chives?
How do you store these chives?
Hi, where is this product from?
What type of cinnamon is this?
Are the bags re-usable? Can you reseal them?
approx how many sticks per bag?
is this organic?
Can these be ground in a food processor and made into powder?
What is the shelf-life of this item?
What is the shelf-life of this item?
Is it cinnamon or cassia? So is this really cinnamon?
Someone said this product is not the real Jelly Belly, but an imitation and not as good. Anyone know? Thanks.
How long is the usual shelf-life of the beans? (Kept in closed container, closed back tight, etc.)
Does this Signature Jelly Belly Jelly Bean 'ton' as referred to in some ?'s ~ Have Popcorn &amp;/or Butter Popcorn in Variety? She so loves Popcorn :)
This says it has 49 flavors, but Jelly Belly makes 50 official flavors. Any idea which one is missing from this tub?
What flavors are in this batch? Are they basic flavors? I don't want any outrageous flavors like vomit or booger, etc.
does this item have a recipe guide....example eat 1 peanut butter and 1 jelly to taste like PBJ Sandwich
Are there peanut butter flavored ones in this mix?
Does anyone know approximately how many jelly beans are included? We hv a project at church and I need 1,000!!
Why are there two choices for sizes? What size is the $23? Is that the 4 lb tub?
Is this the same product available in warehouse stores for $15?
How many calories per bottle does the regular fever tree tonic have and how many does the light have?
Compared to other Fever-Tree tonics--Indian, Mediteranean, Elderflower--why is Naturaly Lite more expensive? How much less carb load?
light
This is titled "Fever-Tree Premium Beverages", but it came up on a search for tonic water. The reviews seem to be talking about ginger beer. Which??
what is the calorie count?
How much sugar in one
The batch I received today (pack of 24) expires 9/15. I am curious if everybody has been getting bottles that expire in 5 months.
Are these twists off caps or do they require an opener.
Can this be shipped by monthly subscription or will I need to re-order everytime I get low on the product?
are there any artificial sweeteners in this ?
Does this product have MSG?
How many tubs do you get for $16.96? it is not clear on the page.
Some of the reviews state that there are two or four barrels. How many are there for $15.28.
What kind of oil are pork rinds fried in?
need low sodium
Is this listing for a single barrel? $40 is too much for just one barrel.
WHAT IS THE INGREDIENT LIST?
Are the rinds cooked in lard or some other fat?
recipe for new england clam chowder for 20 people
how many cans do I need for 8 cups of clams?
Could someone post the list of ingredients and/or the nutrition facts?
Did these clams originate in Ipswich, MA?
does it contain corn or corn starch?
do you know of a baking powder that does not contain corn or corn starch?
what is the expiration date?
Does this product contain aluminum?
Does this product contain aluminum? Ingredient list should be posted here on Amazon site.
Does anyone have the nutritional information for these crackers?
How are the cracker presented in the box? Are there 4-6 sleeves of crackers or are they all jumbled together?
Why is it listed as $.40 an oz when it is .65 oz?
what is the sodium amount
what are the ingredients in the crackers?
I typed in low carb crackers. Not sure why this one came up, because 20 grams is my entire daily intake.
Do these crackers contain any GMO ingredients?
Are these sugar-free?
What are the ingredients of this product? It states it is True Lemon, but then the description says, "Perfect balance of lime, garlic &amp; cilantro"...?
The picture and headline refers to True Lemon. The description is all about True Lime. Which is this?
Can I use True Lemon in a cheesecake instead of lemon juice? If yes, can you tell me how?
is this sweetened?
Can I use this in seltzer water?
Does this dissolve when one uses it for cooking (e.g., sauces)?
what counry does True Lemon come from
Can you use this in place of lemon zest?
Does it taste like soap to anyone? or did i get a bad bottle? I added it to water and my water tastes like soap....
What is the shelf life on this product?
Does it have any ingredients in addition to the salt and iodine? Thanks
How is the salt ground? Fine or Coarse?
What is the form of iodine? (potassium iodide, potassium iodate, etc) since they can't add actual iodine in molecular form..
how many ounces?
No info. on what size this is??!!
Are these in the original box package?
Do you see the "glazed" cherry pies?
How many grams of sugar?
One of the coffee bags was hard as a rock when it came, and is still hard...is that normal?
where is the coffee bean grown ?
- want to verify before I order: Is this (2) 16 oz bags or (2) 8 oz bags? - a recent comment said they received (2) 8 oz bags.
why would anyone pay $30.00/lb... am I missing something?
What # grind is this? I love Peet's.
What is grind D?
How do you know what date they were roasted on?
CAN I ORDER A SPECIFIC GRIND??
What is the grind on this coffee? Thanks!
Can I make ice cream with this product?
How many carbs are in a table spoon?
What is the shelf life for this product once opened?
could this be used as a replacement for cream in mashed potatoes
Can it be used for whipped cream?
I make butter and Ice cream with heavy whipping cream, can I do the same with this or should I just stick with the store bought heavy cream?
What is it used for? smoothies, gravy, sauces? i bought it now I don't know what to do with it. There were no directions that camewith it
I have your Heavy cream product since 2008 unopened in the original heat sealed plastic bag. How can I tell if is usable and edible ?
What are the nutrition facts and serving size? Specifically Calories, Total fat, sodium, carbs, protein, potassium &amp; cholesterol? (per serving).
How many calories per teaspoon are in this product?
Will this foam if you put it in your mouth?
I purchased a tub of sodium alginate from you on March 29, 2013. It is still unopened. What is the expiration date unopened and opened?
If the taste isn't pleasant how is it covered up when doing spherification with a liquid.
this looks like a powder, is it a powder or a gel??
what is the net weight of this product? Its in a 16 oz jar, but I need to know thw weight not the volume
Is this a powder or pellet? Plan to use it in making pate de fruits. Will it dissolve or would the liquid form be better?
do I have to store it in the refrigerator?
Are there any other ingredients or is it pure calcium chloride? If it is not pure, where can I find it without additives?
Is this the anhydrous, dihydrate or hexahydrate form of calcium chloride?
How does this product compare to DRIZAIR for removing excess moisture from clothes c losits?
what is it used for?
Does calcium chloride turn from blue when dry to pink when damp?
I bought this for bitter pit caused by Ca deficiency in my apple trees. What is the percent calcium in this product?
is this a powder or a gel?
how many ounces of liquid is good per packet
do you add powder to the liquid or put powder in the cup and then add the liquid?
Is the expiration based on when the packet is opened or is there a set expiration date?
Is this product gluten free?
If I paint the metallic colors onto (brown) chocolate candies, will it make the surface completely the metallic color or only add shimmer?
offer 12 colors I want to know if they have the DORADO between them, and also want to know if I buy multiple products from the same vendor may put her
Can I mix two colors to get olive green???
reading the reviews and i haven't received my set yet but I'm wondering if its food coloring or paint? I'm looking for paint
Can I add this to frosting to get the color?
How well does this cover? Is it more of a sheer coverage, or full color?
is gel or liquid?
can i use to color a cupcake mix ?
how do you paint it on with a brush. I have used a pearl dust that I had to mix with vodka. Would I do the same with this product?
Can someone give me a list of ingredients? I assumed this was food coloring, but saw someone say there was sugar in it? Can someone verify that for me
Are these sardines one or two layer. Also, how do they compare with the King Oscar Tiny Tots sardines in the yellow package?
Where are they packed?
are these skinless and boneless
Are these tins BPA-free?
When did this become Product of Morocco (pic showing the back of box)? Did they stop using brisling sardines? Tiny Tots are from Poland.
what is the number of calories per .5 oz cup
what is the expiration date on them?
How many carbs are in one cup?
Does anyone know how much peanut butter is in each cup in tablespoons? In the jar, a "serving" is 2 tablespoons, so, then is each cup a "serving"?
nutrition facts
What is the diameter of the container? A real-life comparison is fine (silver dollar, poker chip, etc.). Thanks in advance for your help!
is this 30 pouches or 30 bars (2 per pouch = 15 pouches?)
which answer is correct? 15 or 30 pouches?
are these bars 1.5 oz as in the picture, or 1.2 oz?
Should i be worried about customer,who said this is not real Frontier Ceylon Cinnamon?
It doesn't say NON-GMO...Does anyone know?
how long does it stay fresh?
If this is 100% organic why is coumarin present in the cinnamon? If it is 100% organic and non-GMO, this should be pure cinnamon powder. KLC
Is it from Shri Lanka
Does it settle to the bottom of tea
What is the shelf life of this product
What percent of oil does this organic cinnamon powder from Ceylon have?
The picture says "ground" but the description says "powder", which one is it? BTW, you have the opposite problem with another product.
what country does this cinnamon originate from?
Salted or unsalted?
Expiration date?
Are the cashews roasted with any oil, and if so, what kind of oil?
From what country are they sourced?
Are these cashews raw and organic?
Is this irradiated? Thanks
Do you detect any hard crunchy pieces when eating something with this in? My current McCormick does :(
Is this as fine as starch? Thanks
Is this a shaker bottle?
What is the size of this?
Will this work on a round cake?
Will this work on a round cake?
Is this product organic?
The description says this is 3.8 ounces but product details say it is 1.6 ounces. Which is correct?
What is the net weight of the packaged ground cardamom?
Do you know if this is cold pressed, hydrogenated or un-hydrogenated and/or unrefined?
Is this a solid oil like shortening or a liquid. I need solid for my soap making
How many in a bottle
Is this made in a facility or on equipment that also produces or manufactures peanuts?
how do i use it
could u tell me the production date and the valid date of this product?
could u tell me the production date and the valid date of this product?
could u tell me the production date and the valid date of this product?
I want to know the date of manufacture, and is this the item as same as Enfamil Premium Infant Formula, For Babies 0-12 Months?
could u tell me the production date and the valid date of this product?
Were the plantains cooked during processing or is it a raw product?
Are there any other added ingredients besides plantain, in particular any dyes?
Can you tell me the Ingredient of this product?
Is that a gluten free?
Is Living Tree Organic Almond Butter made from blanched almonds?
Is this in a glass jar (Living Tree Organic Almond Butter)?
Is this made from blanched almonds?
What is the difference between Grade A and Grade B?
bpa-free container?
do you need to refrigerate after opening?
What makes this syrup "organic?" I come from a syrup harvesting part of NY and I'm a bit confused as to the difference.
Is Coombs maple syrup formaldehyde free?
What makes this brand better than the NOW brand?
Is the container sealed when you open the lid?
What is the difference between frustration free packaging and regular?
Is this a product of USA? I don't see any mention of where it comes from. Coombs Family Farms 100% Pure Organic Maple Syrup, Grade B, 32-oz.
If this is "Grade B",given the new VA maple syrup guidelines that classify syrups as Grade A variants starting in 2015, are we purchasing old bottles?
is this an indoor bonsai tree?
I am reading that the tree needs a period of winter dormancy in a room that does not go above 60 degrees - has the tree had this over the years?
The tree came with a lot of brown needles. Should I be worried? Obviously I'm super in experienced.
I am looking to order this. I want it to sit in my office. It will get some sunlight through the window and that is about it. Will it survive?
Does it come with the wooden pedestal?
is this a live tree or an artificial plant?
Is it a natural tree or man made?
How old is this tree?
What is the calorie and fat content of each packet?
What are the ingredients? I need to see if this is gluten free.
Can you use milk instead of water with this product?
Is anyone else concerned about the fact that this milk has honey added? Is it still recommended for toddlers 1-3 years even with the added honey?
Could u tell, the milk powder(ASIN: B00276H5GW ) suits for which age kid?
I don`t know why?I get the order , but the expire date is OCT 2015.
how about the expiration date
What is the shelf life of this product? I'm restocking my emergency supplies and now that I have a toddler, looking into this product. Thank you.
how many scoops to a 6 ounce bottle
Does this have DHA / ARA like other infant formulas do? They say DHA and ARA are essential for the first two years.
pls show the expire date for this item in order to easy follow
How many servings does this serve?
what is the expiration date? and is it good for 3 year+ old child?
Has anyone tried drinking this iced/chilled? Does it still taste appealing? Thank you!
does it give you energy?
I have acid reflux. Does Yerba Mate cause heartburn the same way coffee can?
Are the tea bags in the 75 pack individually wrapped or are they loose?
The bags are the brown ones without chloride?
are the bags individually wrapped?
Is the tea dried using warm air or smoke?
Does this particular tea contain black tea??
Is this gluten free? My husband is sensitive but doesn't have Celiacs
HI owner. My husband and I became fans in Peru of coca mate. Is this it? It must come from the coca plant. We don't care if it's decocanized or not.
Are the olives a product of Italy or is it just bottled in Italy?
Is it fresh.
Glass or plastic container?
Can this olive oil be used for body and hair massage? thanks
Is this oil 100% virgin olive oli? Thanks
is it first cold press?
Is this Cold Pressed ( First pressing?)
Does the label tell when the oil was pressed?
Should transfer the olive oil in a glass container to store. 2 Liters will last me about a year.
Ship to China's Xiamen city? how is the fees and the cost days?
Is this a 1 oz package?
Is this a 1oz package...the shipping weight says 8 oz
Is this price for one package of peeps
Are these dates coated with sugar? I was going to purchase some of the Sun Maid Brand until I read that they are.
Are these packaged on equipment with nuts?
How do i soften up these very dry dates?
Is it sulfite free?
can you view the ingredient label?
What is the average size of one of these dates approximately?
Are these medjool?
I am buying this coffee to make espresso. I like a very strong flavor. Which one should I get the espresso medium roast or the dark roast??
Strange question, is there a correct way to open the pouch so that I can reseal it?
where are the beans coming from?
Is the Kick Ass dark a good replacement my dark French Roast coffee, or is Kick Ass dark very strong and more like espresso?
Is this coffee decaf???
Are these Arabica beans? And why doesn't it say on the packaging?
what is the roasting date of recently bought coffee
How does this compare to BulletProof coffee? It it mycotoxin free?
What is the different between Kick ass dark &amp; Three sisters medium?
does this coffee have a "roasted on" date like peets coffee does?
How long the time I can store this coffee?
are the beans in this coffee wet processed, and therefore free of mold?
I've read about mold free coffee -- is KIck ass mold free? Thank you......
How does this compare to the Cafe Altura Organic Peruvian Dark - it's my go-to Amazon Prime coffee. I'd like to hear from anyone whose had both.
Is it good withe coffe maker which use driping way?
Why aren't there any "5 Star" reviews in the past year? Reviews from over a year ago aren't helpful if the taste has changed as I saw in 1 comment.
Why no roast date? Freshness of roast is of supreme importance. Also the bag doesn't state what kind of beans they are. Starbucks is popular too but..
I have an espresso machine and they recommend non oily bean. Are these a dry bean or would they be considered oily?
How does the Cliff Hanger Espresso Medium compare to Starbucks Espresso roast. I like SB espresso strength, is this similar?
Concerned about not knowing a roast date before purchase. Is the roast date clearly marked on the bag? Is roast within a couple of weeks of receipt?
Is the dark roast good for french press?
can this coffee be used in a regular automatic drip coffee maker?
can I buy this ground for espresso machine - please send link
aroma is it deep also are the beans oily?
Are these beans oily ?
Should I get espresso-medium or the dark? I normally drink latte
Does this coffee work well brewed in a french press (instead of in an espresso machine)?
I grind my own and intend to use this in an espresso machine. I expect freshly roasted coffee that will produce lots of crema. Is this my coffee?
How long does it stay fresh?
Is this 100% Arabica coffee, or is the worse Robusta? I bought two pounches, one Decaf and one Kick Ass Dark and it does not say anywhere.
Are the beans for the kicking horse decaf very oily? I'd like to use in my super automatic. Thanks!
Is the decaf kicking horse coffee good enough quality to be used to make bulletproof coffee with MCT and Kerrygold butter? Has anyone tried this?
May I know the roast date for the current stock for decaf? Thank you!
Does the Decaf one taste similar to the Kick Ass Dark Roast?
Is this organic swp decaf whole bean?
do you have to grind them? Or can they be roasted to use?
Are these organic?
How long will an unopened bag last in the freezer? Thank you!
What is the freezer life of a bag?
what is the difference between brown and golden flaxseeds?
are theses seeds hulled??
is this 24 oz bags or four bags equalling 24 ounces?
will it grind in a pepper grinder ?/
does this have to go into the refrigerator
what is the LxWxH of this box?
Calories ine one individual French vanilla creamer
I freeze the liquid creamer that needs to be in refrigerator in a ziplock bag for later use. Can I free these for later use? Freeze as it is?
When does it expire?
Why is this brand so much cheaper than Coffee-Mate? Is their a major taste difference?
Has the packaging improved? I was going to order this item, but the reviews were a real disappointment.
What is the expiration date on these international Delight French vanilla liquid creamer, 192 count?
We are hooked on International Delight flavor Irish Cream. It appears they are limiting or doing away with the Irish Cream flavor. Why?
calorie count?
how many ounces is one package?
in the title said... "non dairly" but in description "contains milk and cream"... any comments?
How many mL or ounces per cup/serving?
what is the expiration date on these
Is an expiration date provided?
Instead of pouring it into coffee, can I take it like a shot?
What is the shelf life? There must be an expiration date. Surely the manufacturer can provide us with some guidance as to shelf life and expiration.
Does adding thie make the taste of the coffee stronger like if i added a shot of expresso? thats what im looking for....
how can I be certain to receive 264?
What are the ingredients list? I remember there was a sweetened version of this product and I don't want that.
Is there anything on the packaging about Stok being gluten free? I have to follow a strict gluten free diet but can't find out much info about this.
Is there an expiration date
Which company makes this?
I would like to know for sure what and when the expiration for Stok additive is....
Is this natural caffeine or synthetic?
what is the life time of the creamer?
what are the ingredients?
How many calories per single serve package
Has shipping been corrected?
cashew
Which vitamins and minerals of the product are naturally occuring from the yeast or from the fermentation process? Which ones are fortified? Thanks
Is the nutritional yeast something different from the yeast in bread? I'm not supposed to have any yeast/bread type. What is nutritional yeast?
use Bragg to ferment apple cider
Is it best to Refrigerate Nutritional yeast? Thank you.
Growing from GMO Sugar Beets?
I just bought the Bragg this product and noticed a "smell" that seemed unpleasing. Does this have a cardboard kind of taste to it?
Is the folic acid in this product synthetic?
Is this organic/non GMO?
Is this the same kind of Brewers yeast for mothers to use for breast feeding?
How fresh are the apricots?
Knowing that "natural flavors" covers a wide span, which - exactly- are added? We don't need a proprietary recipe, just the source and chemicals.
Knowing that "natural flavors" covers a wide span, which - exactly- are added? We don't need a proprietary recipe, just the source and chemicals.
is this produced in a factory that processes any kind of nuts?
Do you have any apricots that are not from Turkey?
Is there sugar added to this product?
What is the shelf life of Mr. Yoshida's Original Gourmet Sauce?
I'm confused. In the title it is listed as 86oz, however, in the description is is 63oz; which is it?
Is the soy used NON GMO ?
is this sauce made in USA or imported from Japan?
what is the expiration date?
Do you mix this with coke?
This is listed in the under gluten free, is it?
ingredient
Is this the same as Teriyaki Sauce?
is this a gluten free product
Can you tell me what is the expiration date?
Silly question but are these regular sized treats? I need them for a project and want to make sure they are the right size?
Can you tell me how much sugar, carbs and fat are in these? I am home bound and like to order treats and other things from Amazon!
What is the expiration date on them ?
Are these individually wrapped?
Are they processed in plants that have nuts or other allergens?
Approximately, what are the dimensions of each treat?
Are they vegan?
what are the ingredients?
Is there folic acid in this cereal?
Does this product contain soy or casein? Does the box say if it is manufactured in a factory that deals with soy or other gluten products?
How much Iron per serving?
what is the calcium content?
What is the protein in this? Wish they would call that out on the site. Trying to decide between this and Kay's naturals which is protein packed!
what is the Fiber content
what is the sugar content?
Do you just mix it with water?
Is this fresh flour? Exp date?
What are the best storage conditions and what is the is the maximum shelf life under those conditions?
can this be used for baking bread?
What's the biggest difference between this prodct the bread mix? I do all types of baking. Which is most versatile? Thanks!
what is the expiration date if I were to order a 25lb bag today?
Hello. I would like to know the exact dimensions of your pop corn bags. Thank you!
do these bags retain the butter /oil or does it leak through? Thanks
Is the bottom of the bag flat, or is it the pinch-type?
how wide is the top opening of the bag? Will it fit the "Paragon stainless steel Popcorn scoop" sold on Amazon?
what is the expiration date on all 4
Corn syrup? Do these contain Corn syrup?
what si ze is each pop? I cannot read it on the box
Are these pops kosher?
How big is the box? Will it fit in a standard freezer?
And how many servings does it have? (6.5oz)
How much protein does it have?
What is the shelf life?
Can you confirm if these are Gluten Free, Casein Free, Soy Free, and Corn Free? Thank you!
Are these lactose-free?
Is there an expiration date on these? Six bags would last a long time in my house and wondered how long they stay fresh.
Can you make a crispy rice bar with these?
What are the total net carbs?
Are these bars hard like brittle, or more like a granola bar with nuts?
How is this labeled All Natural Ingredients? It contains Soy Lecithin which is a GMO and Corn Syrup which is also a GMO.
are this ones the same as the red package?
What is the shelf life? How long typically before they expire?
DO THEY CONTAIN DAIRY
Are these gluten free ?
The image says it's a 2 pack. Is it really 2 bags with 55 pieces each?
how long are they good for after expiration date
Good day. I am looking for multiple shipments in April-May. Can you clarify if the price of $25.20 is for 55 pieces or 2 bags for a total of 110?
L ORDER WAS $13.98 ans Prime shipping, this order is $ 17.79 and $ 6.15 shipping. Whats up?
One description says these are (4 bags, each of) 9.5 oz, but another place on this same page says they're (4 bags, each of) 8.5 oz.! Which is right?
Does Dove have dark chocolate with rasberry
How many pieces are in each bag?
Where can you find out the % cocoa in this or any other Dove dark chocolate product? Are they trying to hide that from us?
I'd like to order a large quantity for an event being held 6 months from now. What is the expiration date, how should I store them until then?
do you also carry the dark chocolate with raspberry?
What is the percentage of cocoa, you do not indicate this anywhere I can find.
How well do they store in fridge &amp; for how long without discoloration (small light brown spots?)?
blue or green cans?
Are the cans BPA free?
acidity
What is the sodium count?
I see several people have complained about this being shipped without a cold pack and arriving spoiled/rancid. Has Amazon resolved this problem?
Is it gluten free?
I have been buying this pepperoni for at least 5 years at Walmart Superstores. However, within the past year, they have stopped carrying it. Where can I find this product other than online?
Can anyone tell me the length of one of the 16oz Old World sticks?
Are there any nitrates or other chemicals used?
Does this need to be refrigerated once opened?
Is this the type of pepperoni that curls up into a "grease bucket" when cooked on a pizza?
What is the calorie count? How much of each type of fat?
How much time do we have to eat them?
How much time do we have to eat them?
does this come in 14 separate boxes or 14 bags of cereal with out the box?
Does the Sea Salt flavor have MSG? I noticed from the comments that the BBQ flavor does. A lot of responses in such a short period of time. I'm sold, I have to try them now :) Thanks to everyone that answered so quickly.
How many carbs
Why do these chips contain SOY?
What kind of FLAVOR IS sodium % LOW? I am looking for below 5%.
does it contain sugar?
Which Keurig does this fit?
could you tell me the ingredience in the Hazlenut coffee
why has the price increased so much...I paid $27 in November, 2013 for the 50 pack... a few days ago it was $27...then $36 and now $41????
Are these K-Cups BPA free?
mild,mild k cups
Will they stay fresh longer if stored in the freezer? That's what I was told, but I'm not sure I believe it.
where is Dunkin Donuts K Cups??
Which K-cup coffee taste similar to Starbuck coffee?
is this a decaf or regular?
What did Donut Shop do to the "new design" k-cups? I just received my order and this is NOT the same coffee. Where does is say "Extra Bold"?
I ordered this exact item before and it was not decaf. Now it says its decaf? Is it or not?
The description says "decaf" - is this a 50 cup package of decaf only?
Does the Sea Salt flavor have MSG? I noticed from the comments that the BBQ flavor does. A lot of responses in such a short period of time. I'm sold, I have to try them now :) Thanks to everyone that answered so quickly.
How many carbs
Why do these chips contain SOY?
What kind of FLAVOR IS sodium % LOW? I am looking for below 5%.
Are 'ANY' K-cups equal to ESPRESSO?
How many milligrams of caffeine per k-cup?
Is there a decaf for this product or the other Coffee People dark roast products?
How does it compare to Barista Prima French Roast ?
How does Jet Fuel compare to Rev ?
how many kcups of jet fuel do i need fly my Cessna-172 from Cleveland to New York?
Is this coffee acid free?
is it available for subscription
Can you use these cups in the keurig 2.0?
Will it work in the new verismo coffee makers made by starbucks??
Are these food colors made in a facility that processes tree nuts?
egg
Are these made in the USA? What about taste?
Can you please tell what are the ingredients, as it is mentioned on the label outside the box?
Do these have a long expiration date on them?
These food colors came up when I typed in natural food coloring. Are they all natural?
I want the 12 colors on the americolor site. Which vendor should I order from?
Does it stain hands?
is Americolor a natural food product
Do they contain gelatin?
What are the ingredients?
how much sodium
are the bottles 67 oz per bottle or is that the total amount?
My Father has to be careful of potassium. How much is in the jar?
How much soduim is in it?
Can you use this to bulk up low carb baking?
I have tried other thickener and they we very slimey, looking for something that doesn't turn everything into a goopy slime like substance.
chromium
Is this product made in China?
Do all of the ingredients originate in the USA? Is it FDA approved?
can it be used to make pasta dough instead of xanthan gum
What are the ingredients?
How many carbs are in this ketchup?
is it in a glass or plastic bottle?
How much sodium in how many tbsps?
Is the xylitol used made from North American hard wood?
Is the product truely raw?
is it unrefined?
How long will it stay good?
Is it GMO free
Is the container BPA-free?
Please tell me the soduim content and other relevant food content. Amazon should tell the entire food content
if I buy in july 2014 what will be the experation date
If I order in the next few weeks what will the expiration date be?
What is the expiration date on these pacakages?
What is a serving size and how many calories in a serving.
how many carbs in a 1/2 cup serving?
What is the expiration date on your most recent order?
Has this been discontinued?
I don't want to use up the entire box. Is it possible to make one serving, like cake-in-a-cup?
I made this last week. I added lemon zest and extract but otherwise baked as directed. The cake was extremely dry. What can I do next time?
Can I add a box of sugar free jello pudding to the gluten free mix? Do I had more water?
When baking 2 boxes in a 13 x 9 pan, how did you adjust the baking time?
I am needing to make a gluten free cake for a daughter's friend. She is wanting it in the shape of an unicorn. Has anyone tried carving the cake? Thx
Can i make 2 boxes in a 13x9 pan?
The texture of the cake is great, however it's a little bitter. Has anyone else experienced this?
what is the carb count?
For the vegans... What did you use to substitute for the eggs? (The Vegg? EnerG? Something else?) Thanks!
Is this product non-GMO?
Is there product also nut Free?
What are the ingriendents?
How many carbs per packet?
How is this $0.12 / Ounce? Wouldn't it be more like $0.84 / Ounce?
Is there sweetener added? Is so, what kind?
How many squeeze packs are there?It reads like 30 squeeze packs,10 per box,3 boxes.
how many tablespoons is per packet? I'm confused between the oz and gr information.
what is the expiration date
Hi... your listing says 8 pack but the box clearly says 6??? So I am guessing the packs only have 6 packages of oatmeal and not 8??
It says in the description that this is GMO-free yet I see nothing on the packaging to indicate this. Is this product GMO-free?
Does the package have an allergy warning for peanuts and/or tree nuts? (e.g., "Made in a facility that also processes peanuts")
When is the expiration date on these 8 boxes
What are the levels of protein, sugar, carbs and sodium? Is it under kosher supervision?
can anyone tell me the ounces of this bottle of green tabasco?
This shows a shipping weight of 13.6 ounces. Does that mean that it's a 12 ounce bottle?
Why does your title state 60 ounce? It's a 5 fl. oz bottle.
Does anyone know color this is supposed to be? White on package photo, but realized while eating it was an odd color. And are the white flecks normal?
Did any of you know you can make your own hemp milk?This way you know what's in it.
Where do you buy it in Birmingham, Alabamal?
is there caffeine in medaglia d'oro instant expresso??
Can I use this in recipes that calls for instant coffee granules?
How fine is the powder? I am looking for a very fine particulate, as I need to mix it and encapsulate with other fine powders.
how many servings per cnatiner?
Is this for a pound, as specified in the Product Details above? Or, is it for 2 ounces, as in the title and photo? Specifie price per oz is $0.07 per
Hi, could you tell me expiration date(s)? I think it will go well into an earthquake kit.
Can I use this is in recipes that call for "instant espresso powder"?
Use your own collected bottles. The bottle capper thing will put the caps that you can order on any beer bottle you buy?
Does this kit have an auto siphon?
Are the bottles that come with the kit glass?
What kind of beer does the ingredient kit make?
The picture shows a bottle capper but i just received my kit and there is not bottle capper or Handbook and the air lock was cracked.
Does this product come with all of the ingredients? How big is the kit?
The package says "pre-washed" but suggest rinsing prior to cooking. Has anyone cooked this brand of quinoa without first rinsing?
Is it GMO free?
Its organic but is it Genetically modified.
Is $7 per lb a good price for quinoa? Brown rice is $1 lb... so this quinoa sounds very expensive.
what is the usual expiration date on a big bag like this? I wonder if I can finish it before the date.
One reviewer mentioned saponins. Does this contain saponins?
I love this quinoa and have been enjoying it for years w/out looking at the label-until now. I noticed there are 5 GRAMS OF SUGAR per serving?!? Why?
Can you cook this in a rice cooker?
Should this be frozen after opening?
How do I cook it properly??? It is hard for me to get a good result ,---- I got a messy sticky food or overcooked ....
If I order 5 cases (180 pops) how well would you package them? THey are for a wedding and not a single one can break.
Do these pops have a swirl motion through out the candy or is it just the colors that swirls
What's the diameter of these lollipops
I would also like to know if I order 1 box before 5pm CST TODAY shipping to 53404, how soon will I recieve them?
If I order 1 box before 5pm CST, when will I recieve them? Shipping to Racine, WI 53404.
What do they taste like? Are they delicious? Are they ok? Do they taste like a fruit or just sugar?
can i get these by friday?
I need these by this Saturday, the shipping shows 3-5 days, is there a way to guarantee that I will receive them?
Where are these lollipop made?
product doesn't say it is San Francisco starter. Is it somewhere stated by supplier?
Can you use your starter and feed with my sugar, flour, instant potatoes and water feeding ingredients?
Is this suggested and recommended as a great pizza dough starter or should I be looking at something else?
How many years has this starter been alive?
So my culture arrived fine. When my sourdough sits for a few days it gets a "skin" on top that is slimy and solid? No foul odor, no odd colors.
Can this be used to make buttermilk pancakes? The Original Pancake House uses a "sour starter" for their pancakes. Or is that something different?
Does the packet contain lactobacillus sanfrisco
What type of flour is this starter based on?
Will cold temps during shipping hurt the starter? Our high temperature for the day has only been in the teens lately. Thank you.
Can I make bread with this as soon as I get it, or do I need to wait and let it grow?
This states "Bonsai Boy" but when you go into the store information it states from "INDOORBONSAI EXOTICS" which states it's located in Florida??? Bonsai Boy ships out of New York. So, is this really "Bonsai Boy" or is this information wrong?
My tree is loosing leaves? am following instructions for Jade Bonsai. Does any one have any advice. its been 3days since it arrived.
is "misting" bonzes with water good for the trees?
Is it at all possible that you could offer a next day or a 2 day shipping option??? (desperate for this perfect Valentine's Day gift)
What should I do with branches that grow lower than the base of the pot? a) To prune them, b) To hold them up until part of the branch hardens, c) ..
If bought now, spring, would it bloom this season?
DO you have more pictures of the actual bonsai you will ship?
how do you cook shirataki noodles &amp; do you drain liquid and rinse first?
is miracle noodles angel hair dry
Can i freeze these?
what is the difference in carb count between reg noodles and these? what is the carb count?
How long do they keep?
What doesn't Amazon sell larger sizes?
How much sodium does each serving have?
How is this kept cool while being shipped?
What size containers are they?
Black diamond, asiago spread
is this a brick or shressed
how many ounces are in each cheese cup?
Do you have Extra Sharp Cheddar Black Diamond Spread
When the butter is delivered does anyone recommend to freeze it, if you don't use it right away?
What kind of salt is added? What information is on the rest of the label?
Is the product shipped with dry ice or something to keep the product cold during shipment?
What is the expiry date
is this grass fed butter?
Is this butter from A-2 cows or A-1 cows
is it non GMO?
Is this considered food grade citric acid?
Is this good for cleaning pool stains?
How old are the berries? What is the expiration date?
How can I cook this berry? Do I have to wash before eating? or is it pre-washed?
Is this orginated from China or US?
How old is this tea? What is the expiration date?
How are these berries dried? Are they freeze dried?
Did you receive berries that showed they were organic? My order came through as "certified kosher" with no indication they are organic.
I used elderberry products for 20 years but never used raw/dry berry. Since the seeds contain cyanoglycogens how to process to remove these substanc
Is it cheaper to boil the berries for syrup and if so, how do you do it?
Where do I store these dried elderberries? Fridge? Freezer? Pantry?Thanks.
I was looking for fresh elderberries, which is the only form I ever heard of before, to make jelly. Can these be used in a recipe like fresh?
what is the quanity or weight of this product?
Did I miss how big the bag was/how many ounces/lbs. it contained?
how to store unused berries
Can you make a pie by reconstituting the berries?
What is the origin of this product?
how big is the bag? a pound?
Why does this products packaging contain a "know to cause Cancer waring? And why is that not mentioned in the product discription?
Description says that it is cGMP compliant. Does package have a GMP seal?
Is it Gluten Free?
What is the concentration of this powder 10:1 20:1?
Is organic arrowroot powder the same as organic tapioca starch?
Can be used to make deodorant? Is safe to use underarms?
I am looking for powder that's as fine/small as possible. Are these the smallest flour? THank you !
I have been pleased with my product so far, but there are some tiny red globs of powder near the bottom of my bag. Is that supposed to be there?
Recipe calls for arrowroot starch - is this also considered arrrowroot starch?
What color is this if I use it in cold process soap making? Thanks!
Why does this product have the California Prop 65 warning with it?
What are the specific ingredients of this Organic Arrowroot Powder listed on the package?
Is there an expiration date?
Does this have any "may contain" ingredients? As in, does it contain any traces of tree nuts or soy?
Can this be used in Baking as well?
Country of Origin?
Is this standardized for active ingredients?
Does the papain powder have a bad smell to it?
Can someone tell me how much of this you would add to what is roughly 6 tablespoons of homeade steak/hamburger seasoning. Ive never tried this stuff.
What is the expiration date? I can't get Bromelain any more. 4 oz lasted 17 mo. If I buy 1lb papain I don't want it to expire before I can use it.
should I rinse the papain off before cooking after I allow to marinate.
I plan on making boneless chicken breast and steak kabobs. would it be ok to mix this with a marinade of olive oil salt and dry seasonings?
How much papain powder would be equivalent to one teaspoon of commercial meat tenderizer (Adolph's). Need benefit with NO salt!
what are the other additives? and what is the GDU?
i want to know much papaya powder in one bag?
Is this pure papain extract, or pure papaya powder, and does this contain any other ingredients or fillers?
What is the shelf life for this product?
This is going to be a Christmas gift for my clients. Does it comes in a wooden box? What are the dimensions of this item?
what size is it about how many lbs.
Is the fruit dried or treated with chemicals?
Is there any cover for this? Sending to someone is hospital and would prefer to have her be able to cover it.
Do any of your products come with salt-free or low-salt nuts?
Is it gluten free?
how many people can this basket feed?
is this vegan friendly?
size
Is this fruit grown in USA or other coutries? Is it prepared in USA or just packaged in USA?
How much does it weight?
what is the fruit weight on this?
What is the actual weight? One place says 2 lb. 8 oz., which would be 2.5 lbs, but another place says 2.8 lbs.
What are the dimensions of this tray?
is sugar added
how does one store a dried fruit tray properly if it isn't to be given right away?
Wha type of cover do you put on the tray so the fruit assortment does not get disturbed during shipping
what is the expiration time frame?
Is there sulfur dioxide in your dried fruit? Thanks
since there is no option for a card; will receiver know who it is from?
How large is this product and how much does it weigh and what is the expiration date?
I am looking for a gift for a person following the Paleo diet and he's very strict. Do the fruits have sugar added to them?
Do the dried fruits have sulfides?
How big is this? What is the dimension of the box?
Is it possible to ship a product like this overseas to a military apo ap address in Japan?
could u put it in the fridge?
Is this dried fruit organic?
shipping
Is this gluten free?
What are the ingredients to this oil, besides the coconut oil? Obviously this has additives if it's orange, I'm wondering if someone who has this can list the ingredients for me?
Does this oil have transfat?
how many ounces is this
Is this the popping oil that comes with the whirly popper?
Is there any yellow or any kind of dye?
does it contain coconut oil? didn't see that listed anywhere.
Can this be used to pop kernels as well as a topping?
Is this low mold coffee?
I've tried this Toasted Southern Pecan coffee and it is great. Should it be stored in the refrigerator or does it not matter?
Do the packages have roasted whole coffee beans and pecans;Platypus coffee used to have that, and it was out of this world.
Does the coffee have pecans in with the whole beans?
This is a baked beans???
What are the ingredients included in each flavor?
what is the expiration date for this coffee
Does this coffee have a "roasted on" date?
Is the wet-processing method used for this brand?
What do you add to this paste? Chicken stock?
Can I cook raw chicken in the sauce, on simmer? Suggestions appreciated?
approximately how much sauce does the 1 kg brick make?
is it gluten free?
I am interested in the smaller tunas that would have less mercury/toxic metals. How do you detect/measure metal content in the hand caught tunas ?
Do you need a can opener to open this?
can you give the ingredients, salt content in mg per serving, please?
HUGE price increase!? Anyone have any idea what prompted the price jump recently?
Is this can BPA free?
Is this from Western Canada?
What is the shelf life on these cans?
where is this tuna caught and processed?
How much mercury compared to light chunk?
calorie and fat content
Do You Ship to Canada?
do you know if seller also has 30 packs of Mama pad thai stir fried flavor packages ( 70 ? I can buy locally for 89 cents but would love to save $$$
This is my most favorite instant noodle but why so expensive? These are sold at any Vietnamese supermarket for $9 max. Sometimes $7 on sale.
Is this powder? It says take 3 vcaps/day.
How many capsules in this?
is this GMO free?
how large (tall) are the stalks?
How should I take care of my bamboo? Cover the roots with water or do I need to do something else? Do I need to put it outside for Sun?
Does it come with the displayed vase or it can be different than what is displayed?
Can this grow under a little lamp with no other light? This will be in an office.
how is the bamboo packaged?
What kind of Bamboo is it?
Can this grow in an office w/o a window..No light..just a lamp perhaps..easy to grow?
Is it safe enough for the plant to be shipped internationally? I typically receive my items 2-3 days after it has been delivered to my US address
The title says it's a ceramic base but other people mentioned it's plastic. Which is it?
i just bought this item! i would like the chocolate brown vase just like in the picture! how do i make sure i dont get any other color? thanks
Is there a UMF license # written anywhere on this jar? Thank you!
What does the 10 mean
Where is the honey packaged and shipped from?
Is the honey a dark or light in color?
Is the jar made of plastic or glass? I have to check them in at the airport, need to make sure they are not easy to break
how many calories ?
how many carbs
how many calories ?
Baby's Only arsenic updated information ? Has anyone been able to find an update, besides on the company's website, about the arsenic/brown rice syrup issue as it pertains to this formula?
Does the dairy organic Baby's Only formula contain any DHA in it, or do you have to get the formula with it specifically called out in the title?
Why this no DHA-ARA one seems selling better?
Can I feed this to my four month old? It says toddler formula on the top.
when is the expire date?
when is the expiration date?
are these black licorice? or the red licorice?
What are the ingredients of this licorice candy?
the date 4 2 81 is on my bags is this an expired product? underside of white sticker shows .10 cents a bag? is it because they are 33 years old?
typically how many servings is 1 carton?
Does anyone know why this soup is no longer in stock?
what is the sodium content in the tomato soup?
Could you please state the sugar content per serving?
What is the shelf life of this soup?
Could you please tell me the salt content per serving? Thanks!
is the shaft strong?
is the shaft solid steel or hollow?
What's the difference between the red and blue hooks besides the color?
Where is the Nagano White Miso Paste grown and made? Thank you.
This product comes up under organic miso. Is it organic?
This is my first experience with miso. How long will it keep in the fridge, and how do you tell when/if it goes "bad?
Does this product have Carageenan? It doesn't list on the ingredient list.
how many grams of sugar does one serving contain? Thank you!
Hi i would like to know when is the expiration date?
is it gluten free
I would like to know when is the expiration date of the soydream milk?
Does this contain carageenan?
how much sodium is in these products
Bought a few weeks ago - tried the Vegetable Biryani. It was WAY too spicy for my husband and kids. Are any of the other 5 milder? Afraid to try them.
If you use this in some pasta dough for instance and hand mix it, will it dye your skin on your hands? What do you use to remove the squid ink if so?
How long is th e shelf life?
How better topreserve this ink once opened? I tried to freeze it, but it doesn't freeze, it's like gelatine.
How strong is the odor and flavor? Are most of the squid inks on the market basically the same ?
But what about taste? Does it taste link squid...I'm not going for looks with my pasta I want/need the fish taste.
Do I have to keep it in the refrigerator all the time? I wanna buy two of them and ship it two China.
If i want to put a pinch or 2 on 500 cupcakes how many cartoons should i order?
Can it be used to rim a drinking glass?
if i want to put a pinch or 2 on 500 cupcakes how many cartoons should i buy?
Can this be used on the rim of cocktail glasses?
Will this stuff work still sprakle mixed into a frosting to pipe onto cupcakes?
I am wondering, if this glitter is not edible, why would the description say to add it to cakes and confections, items clearly going to be eaten?
Could I use this in a drink to make it shimmery or will it just dissolve?
Does it dissolve in liquids? Or can I use it to add some shimmer to drinks?
Is this gluten free? My friend has a severe gluten allergy so I have to double check everything
how many cupcakes would one cartoon cover if used sparingly?
Once I open it, how long will they stay fresh? This is a good deal, but I'm only by myself..so it could take like a year to finish 5bls
Oily Beans: will they slide freely in on the auto-grinder of the espresso machine or will they get stuck like the Starbucks' french roast?
how does it works with super automatic espresso machine
For any of those who use these beans in their super automatic espresso machines, how long have you used them for? Any oily bean clogging issues?
is there oil on the beans?
Is this decaf? I don't think so, but it is in the DECAF section.
what would be best setting for grinder medium or fine?
Any opinions out there on the taste of this espresso bean vs the Starbucks roast? Creama/darkness/taste? Thanks!
Anyone compared this to Coffee Bean French roast? I am finishing my French and getting ready to order some more. Thinking about this one.
I'm wondering why the ingrediants state that this is a flavored coffee? This is Italian Roast there should be no flavorings added?
How does the size of the bag compare to other teas they sell? Is it really. Multiple times larger than the black tea bags?
Ahh, It's me again, Finally got around to buying this tea. Is the bag it comes in lined in any way, or should i look into getting a big tea tin?
Where is this grown?
Is it made with carrageen?
What is the expiration date on these 12 cartons? Thanks
does this have MSG, aka carageenan in it?
Does ths come refrigerated? The kind in the store is always refrigerated. Just wanting to buy in bulk, but didn't want it to go bad. Thanks!
Are the almonds used in Blue Diamond from California? Thanks
too make a half gallon of almond milk by weight how many almonds does it take
How is this new (brown) hazelnut coffee/packaging different from the usual orange looking hazelnut coffee/packaging?
Your ad does not make it clear. How many total individual packets are being offered for the $26.56 price? Is it a pack of 8 with 20 sticks per pack?
Is this for 20 sticks x 8 boxes = 160 sticks. What is the total weight? is it 1.4 pounds as stated?
Can you tell me the "date" on this batch of Hazelnut coffee? I'm hoping it's the older version. NOT the box says New Look New Flavor - that sucks
Hi, what's the expiration date on this 8-pack 49.99 item?
what is the expiration date?
Before click purchasing of total 40 packs (8x5), kindly let me know when its "expiring date (best before date) is if I order it today.
This item says, "20 count sticks", then says "8 Pack", which seems like you'll receive 8 boxes of 20 count sticks.The ship weight is 1.4lb = to 1 box.
Is there a guaranteed minimum expiration date with this purchase? Eg, one month from purchase date, two months etc?
Is there anything besides milk in it?
Hi I was wondering if this milk needs to be refrigerated? Thanks!
Is this toasted?
I finally figured out to open it, transferred 8oz to another container, now is there a way to securely close it?
is this cold pressed?
how do you get the lid to close securely?
Does the can need to be refrigerated after opening?
Is this a refined oil or unrefined?
can this oil be used for cooking dishes?
is this from black sesame or white sesame?
I've asked before, and I'm asking again. Where do I find the expiration date? This is crucial info.
Is this a toasted sesame seed oil. I have recipes that emphasize the sesame oil should be toasted.
Is it from raw or roasted sesame seeds?
this oil is organic is good for hair or no?
Does this product have possible nut exposures?
Is this product packaged in a glass or plastic bottle?
Is this product a "toasted sesame oil" or just a "sesame oil"?
How much copper is in your product?
Is this in a glass bottle or still in a plastic bottle?
Is it Blackstrap Molasses or just Molasses?
Is it gluten free?
What is the country of origin of this product?
This molasses does not state it is blackstrap molasses on the label. Is is blackstrap molasses as described or not blackstrap per label? Thank you
What is the Calcuim and iron in one tablespoon?
why does the product desciption talk about bath salts?
Does it really work to get rid of gray hair without coloring?
Is this stored in plastic or glass?
The pictured k-cup will not work in new Keurig 2.0 even tho it takes k-cups. Have they updated this product to work in the Keurig 2.0?
With the swift pass-thru of the Keurig style does the tea get enough time to steep?
How many mg caffeine in a k-kup Twinnings English Breakfast tea ?
I've never tried black tea. Would this taste good over ice, for ice tea..to kick start my day??
I dont have keurig. how should I make a tea with it?
It's January 2015, are these available for the 2.0 yet?
I used to like the old Tazo Awake. Mostly black tea and bold tasting with a high caffeine kick. Is this similar?
what is the caffeine content?
Is the product offered here in this purchase 2.0 compatible?
Will these work in the starbucks Verismo machine?
Is this 100% oil?
Can this product be used to flavor melted chocolate, or will the water in it cause the chocolate to seize? Does emulsion of H2O w/PGlycl prevent this?
Can I use this product and grated lemon peel together?
what is the difference between the emulsion oil and the oil?
How many ounces is the bottle for $9.09?
Is this just for baking? Could you mix it with water and use it like lemonjuice, like on fish?
What is the conversion on how to use emulsion using 1) lemon oil and 2) lemon extract. "1tsp. extract = tsp. emulsion" is incomplete!!!
Is this the same quanity (8 envelopes) that I buy for $2.29 at the grocery store?
i purchased this product 50 packets same $ amount..why amazon so much???
How much potassium is in this? On a renal diet and need to watch both NA and K+
Dairy free
can you list whole ingredient list please..does it contain autolyzed yeast extract?
I would like to use this to put a bit on my picky's dog's food. I need to find out if there's any onions/onion powder which dogs can't have.
Is each tablet individually wrapped?
Does this flavor come in sugar free?
what is the sodium count ? "Fizzy" usually comes from sodium and I am on a low sodium diet.
I know this is an odd question.I had to quit coffee and tea.I have been adding this to hot water.Does the hot water degrade the ingredients at all?
Is there one free of artificial ingredients (in particular, artificial sweeteners)? I don't really care of it tastes good or not.
Does this also have the basic electrolytes as regular EMERGEN-C ?
what is the expiration date?
what is the shelf life?
expiration date what is
Is this artifically sweetened?Most flavors come with artificial sweetners, taste gross! I want to buy several boxes of these if not artificial.
Can activated barley be added to hot cereal?
is this product gluten-free?
The Barley I ordered arrived in a clear, zip-lock bag with Barley powder scattered all over the inside of the box. Why is the packaging this way?
How many fruit berry tablets come in the box?
how many tablets in this package? I see 600mg but no quantity
What are the other ingredients and what is the Carb count?
Is it legal to import them to the EU? (I use freight-forwarding address in USA...)
Are they hard tablets or chewy?
What is the expiration date?
how long does one tablet turn sour foods sweet on your taste budds
how long does one tablet last to make your taste budds sweet?
Is the shipping to Europe available?
what do they taste like?
What is the actual ingredient list on this? I can't find them.I see what they are promoting, but if the first or second ingredient is sugar. Forget it
How can I get the expiry date ? ask amozon? or the manufacturer?
what's the expire day if I buy it now?
Can you tell me the expiry date ?
Do people use this as a replacement for whole milk or use both this and whole milk for a 1 year old?
Would you replace whole milk with this for a 1 year old or would they still drink both this and whole milk?
what's the expire day if I buy it now?
I wanna to know the expire date for the formula. because i've bought it here for two times, they are all expired at Sep 2014. So i'm a little hesitated to buy it again.
What is the current expiration date if I buy it today?
do they have a taste and if so, what does it taste like?
how many carbohydrates and fiber are in each tablet?
Is the corn starch organic? Because if it isn't it will be genetically modified.
What is the shelf life and storage information for this product
Why is there corn starch in this product?
what is added to make them so sweet? artificial sweeteners or corn syrup? I'd like just plain ole tart cherries, NO sweeteners of any kind.
sugar added?
are there any sulfites in the processing?
Do these cherries contain any oil?
Are these almonds irradiated?
Will those almonds sprout?
Are your almonds processed in the same facility as peanuts?
IN WHAT COUNTRY ARE THESE GROWN
Are these almonds unpasteurized?
do these contain artificial food dyes?
Can these colors be used to make lip stain or as colorants for make-up?
What is the expiration date on this and what weight is each bottle?
Will these dyes work with white chocolate? Is it oil based?
What colors are in this set?
Is the red taste-free? Is this red coloring taste free?
what is the different of Electric color &amp; student color? Can I use them in the same way?
are these gel colors free from peanut/treenut contamination? Wilton is not....have a severe peanut allergy in the house
Can you use this in an airbrush? It came up when searching for cake airbrush colors and I didn't realize it didn't specify it after purchasing it.
are the colors super concentrated? how much to get decent colors for a batch of play dough?
Can these be used to make lollipops?
Who certifies this product kosher? Is there a why to get in touch with the company. I bought procucts before which I thought were kosher and they were not. I willing to call the company.
Who certifies Americolor soft gel paste as kosher? Plain k does not necessarily mean its kosher.
If I want to buy 5 sets of Electric series and 5 sets of student kit, may i have the original Americolor packaging?
Will these glow under black light???
if you were going to try to color large ice cycles with this...would you dilute it 1st
Macdemia nuts are they in shell ?
Where are these nuts grown?
Macadamia nuts are they salted?
Are these shelled or still in the shells?
How much sodium is there per serving and how big is a serving?
what are the ingredients?
How much sodium is in this product per serving?
Does this product contain gluten?
what is the use by date on these cans?
Is this for lactose relief or lactose free? The title said lactose relief but picture and description is lactose free.
If I order now, my baby isn't due until april... would expiration dates exceed April 2015? I don't want to get 6 cans that expire in April.
Ingredients list soy but it says on website that this formula is ok for avoiding soy protein? Confused. Does this formula contain soy?
Is this powder milk or concentrated formula?
what is the use by date on these cans?
Do these contain tree nuts, peanuts, or sesame... or are they processed on equipment that also processes said ingredients? Thanks so much!
Is the packaging of the TimTams secure enough to keep the cookies fresh in my pantry if they were not opened for over a month?
How long do these cookies last? I would like them for Christmas, but I don't want to buy them too soon.
so, you get 11 tim tams for $11?
it cost 10$ for 1 tim tam?
If I order these today will I get them before Christmas?
How many are in a package?
Is it $14.00 for just one tim tam?
How are these in comparison to Pepperidge Farm's Tim Tam? Loved those but N/A locally now.
It says they expired in February of 2011 - is that a typo??
Will this dried seaweed work in a spice grinder to make a powder? I want to use the powder to season food.
I bought ito wakame in a large size bag from an Asian store. It smells too much for me. Can anyone tell me if this brand/fueru different?
has anyone made Dashi broth with this seaweed? If so, how much would you use to make one quart of broth? thanks.
How many sheets do you get?
Why is this being advertised as a Japanese product when it is cultivated at the South Africa peninsula?
Is it strips or flakes?
how long does it last?
What size is each bottle?
Does the label state that it is made in the facility that also process nuts or peanuts?
Does it stain if I use it in homemade play dough?
Why cant it be used with dairy products? I like to color icings using cream cheese or whipped cream.
Can this be used on fondant?
does this food coloring work good on fondant
Can you use these to color candy melts?
the discription say royal blue but not in the picture, I want to make sure if there is a royal that I need
using those colors is it posible for me to make fuschia,black colors with these colors because i need to buy black and fuschia
Are Americolor food color gels made with or in a facility that process any kind of nut (tree nuts, peanuts)
Can this pen be used to write on a plain, raw, white marshmallow, before putting anything on it (without icing, candy, etc.)?
Do you think this would right on cheese?
what is the best pen to use for writing on cookies?
Will the ink run if you write on a fondant cake then stick the cake in the fridge?
Which are the ingredients of the marker?
on fondant?
Will it work to draw dots on dipped Oreos to make them look like buttons?
can i use these on wooden popsicle sticks?
Will this write on a paper plate? I was worried about using a sharpie around food so I thought about a food safe pen. Will the ink "stick?"
I want to decorate the small ,candy Valentine hearts which normally have a word written on them. Is the pen nib fine enough for this?
can you airbrush these colors onto cloth, and will it dry?
can you use this as a regular gel paste for making color fondant and gumpaste? or this is for airbrush only?
can you use these colors to tint icing? not airbrush?
Do these colours have shelf life. iv have bought a couple of bottles but no shelf is on it
What decaffeination process doe PG tips use?
Are there a total of 160 bags of tea with this offer?
Can this ship to Hong Kong
what does turbinado mean?
Is this a good sugar to use for making sugar scrubs, and are there benefits in doing so??
My cookie recipe calls for equal parts white &amp; brown sugars. Could I use just this product instead?
Could someone give me the nutritional info for this product? (serving size, calories, sodium, etc.)
does it have high fructose corn syrup
Is this just for 2 regular sized cans? The cans at Costco were generally $9.00; $40 for 2 cans seems high.
how much caffeine does it have?
this use to qualify for free shipping didnt it? it doesnt anymore?
Is there caffeine in this?
is it gluten free
I'm also wondering how large these are? Bigger than nonpareils? I am hoping to find something around 3-4mm. Thanks
wanted 2 use these to add 2 choc covered pretzels. Will they melt if choc was warm when I rolled pearls on?
Can they withstand heat if i put them on cookies before baking?
Hi, could someone please list the ingredients in this. Thanks
Are these white real looking pearls that could be used on a wedding cake? Are they easy to eat or hard and cannot melt or be chewed easily?
hi, i would like to know how many bottles would i need for 150 mini cupcakes??? thanks
I am looking for RED sugar pearls like this and have been unable to find them. Do you have two bottles this size available in the RED sugar pearls?
Do you have Wilton sugar pearl silver and gold?
Does it melt in hot weather? Can I gule it on a clay cupcake? Does it go bad easily?
does it contain any pork or alchahol products
Are the Bob's Red Mill Gluten Free Corn Grits, Polenta organic and GMO free?
Is this a coarse grind polenta?
Are these fattening (eaten plain as breakfast)?
What is the shelf life of the Polenta?
Oganic? If order now, what is the exp. date?
If we order 34 boxes, how fast can you ship them out? Can you provide a bulk shipping rate for faster shipping?
Why does it specify Gluten-Free? I didn't think corn products had Gluten. Is that just a phrase for the luls?
Is there any difference between the version that says Polenta and this version which just says Corn Grits?
Where is this pork from? That is, does anyone know if it is free range, organic, etc?
Are these prepared in any vegetable oils or just 100% pig fat? Thanks!
Can you fry them
How do you bake them? The description says microwave or bake, and I want to make a lot.
how many servings
Is it a glass bottle?
Is this for salad dressing?
Is the hydrolyzed vegetable protein in this (or MSG). I have an old packet and it's almost the first ingredient
what are the instructions on how to make the salad dressing
Is this the buttermilk/mayo seasoning mix? I like it better than the regular milk/mayo mix.
Does this clump in the pantry? Here In humid Florida EVERYTHING clumps from powered coffee creamer to salt. Anyone in humid climate that can answer?
Looks like somebody pasted the wrong ingredient and nutritional info in this listing? surely there is no oil in a powdered mix &amp; more than 39 servings
could you mix with oil and vinegar?
Is this good as a dry rub for Pulled Pork in a slow cooker?
other recipe other than tri-tip
Does anyone think this would work well as a dry rub for seasoning BBQ beef jerky?
Has anyone tried this spice on a brisket smoked low and slow?
What are the exact ingreadance?
What kind of salt is used in this rub - table salt, sea salt, kosher salt or?
Gluten-free?
I am a little concerned one of the ingredients is sugar but it lists sugar content as 0 in the nutrient label?
What kinds are in the 4 pack variety when ordered? tia
These are the little mini sized bars, correct??
How many total carbs &amp; how many grams of fiber per bar?
Since this is an "organic live food bar," how many live insects/animals per pouch?
How many grams of protein per bar?
I am a long distance runner. Would these be good for use as fuel for long runs?
Are they paleo?
What is the sugar content?
how many grams protein per bar?
how many grams of fat per bar?
Once it's open, how long does it keep in the fridge?
What type of wood is used in the smoking process?
Is the salmon cold smoked?
Does this salmon have skin?
How is it packaged and can I freeze it once I open it?
What is the sodium content? What is the sugar content?
Content of sugar per serving?
How much sodium is in Jif Natural Low Sodium cream peanut butter?
How do you keep the Sunkist Fruit Gems from getting sticky in hot weather? Can you freeze them and that before serving?
what is nutrutional content of Sunkist fruit gems?
Are they kosher
Do they contain artifical coloring &amp; flavoring?
What local stores carry this item?
Would you say these would be good to fit inside Easter eggs?
is this produce certified OU kosher?
What does this taste like? Buttercream or is it a fruity flavor? Thanks!
how much cake will two pounds of fondant cover?
Can I add edible images onto this fondant?
Can you add food coloring to this to dye it? How do I get different colors of fondant? (Very inexperienced baker here)
how long will the fondant last in the container?
Can I keep this product out of the refrigerator for about 2 days ?
Will this cover 48 cupcakes?
I just opened my fondant and the bag had a whole in it. Some substance has leaked out and is all gummed up in the container. No what?
does this fondant work well and keep it's shape when sculpting figures, animals etc?
can i cover a cake with this? just like roll it out of the tub and flatten it and use it? i am new to this so please bear w me
ARE THEY MADE IN MEXICO?
bit of honey
are chuckles kosher?
black chuckles: can i buy chuckle in black only
Freezing: Can this cheese be frozen successfully??
How long does Cambozola keep in the refrigerator
Can it be frozen?
How many mg of sodium in each chip, or a quantity of chips?
what are the ingredients of the multigrain pita chips?
How far ahead is the expiration date on orders that are placed?
Are these packaged in their own Pita Chips box or as a bag that gets thrown in with other items?
I ordered this them 3rd of March, and I still didn't get them! The status of the tracking number is the same - in transit...since!!
I really like the Simply Naked, but why when I buy them at the grocery store are the chips always in small pieces.
Are these individual size serving bags? I'm looking for an appropriate size to pack in my child's lunch box.
Are these really hard to chew? Could someone with no teeth get through a bag? Thank-you
How many mg of sodium in each chip, or a quantity of chips?
what are the ingredients of the multigrain pita chips?
How far ahead is the expiration date on orders that are placed?
Are these packaged in their own Pita Chips box or as a bag that gets thrown in with other items?
I ordered this them 3rd of March, and I still didn't get them! The status of the tracking number is the same - in transit...since!!
I really like the Simply Naked, but why when I buy them at the grocery store are the chips always in small pieces.
Are these individual size serving bags? I'm looking for an appropriate size to pack in my child's lunch box.
Are these really hard to chew? Could someone with no teeth get through a bag? Thank-you
How many mg of sodium in each chip, or a quantity of chips?
what are the ingredients of the multigrain pita chips?
How far ahead is the expiration date on orders that are placed?
Are these packaged in their own Pita Chips box or as a bag that gets thrown in with other items?
I ordered this them 3rd of March, and I still didn't get them! The status of the tracking number is the same - in transit...since!!
I really like the Simply Naked, but why when I buy them at the grocery store are the chips always in small pieces.
Are these individual size serving bags? I'm looking for an appropriate size to pack in my child's lunch box.
Are these really hard to chew? Could someone with no teeth get through a bag? Thank-you
What percent of dark chocolate is in this bar?
are they made in Switzerland or in the US factory?
is the chocolate safely packaged to resist melting during transportation?
Is it white chocolate?
How do you ensure the chocolate won't melt in transit? Can it be shipped with dry ice?
Please folks, what is the net weight of this product not including shipping packaging??
How many carbs in one
Hello, do you ship for Brazil? how much? thanks
I want to know where to buy the COFFEE Dark Chocolate Truffles,
where can I buy dark chocolate C
where can I buy dark chocolate C
how many calories per truffle
Do they have an expiration date?
Melting? How do you prevent from melting when shipping?
Since these are STORED &amp; SHIPPED from Amazon I want an Amazon answer; Are these in the OEM packaging or are you scooping out of a bulk barrel?
When do they expire? I have a party coming up this summer but do not want to risk them melting if I order them later in the year
Whats the shipping weight exactly ?
whats the Expiration Date?
where is it made?
Are these the ones with no nuts?
is there a chance of melting as the climate is heating up ? i want the chocolates delivered to sanjose
how much does it weight?
I am planning to order them now but am worried they might come melted. Do you put cold packs so that they do not melt?
My friend told me she recieved the wrap actually weighed 5lb, I don't understand why it's so heavy. Is there any dry ice in it?
will the truffles be still be indivdually wrapped when i order with frustration free packaging?
Hi, I need to make an order for my july 5 wedding. is it too soon to purchase these? will they go bad in the next 2.5 months?
is this chocolate organic?
Is this kosher, thanks
Approximately what is the number of individual cookies? We are taking cookies to a party where we need two cookies each for about 25 people. That is why I ask. Thanks.
what are the dementions of the box?
How is the wrapping inside? I love Walker's Shortbread but I'm worried they'll get stale before I finish the tin!
How many calories per cookie?
Does anyone know the expiration date on these cookies?
What extra equipment do you need to purchase in order to make the finished product?
Is there any way to make a DRY product? I just really don't care for sweet wine...not do most folks I speak to!
What do I do if my wine does not clear after 7 days after adding the clarifies?
How much wine does it make
Does this kit come with bottles?
I noticed when I added the large bag to the fermenting bucket that there we're small to large bit floating around in the wine. Is this normal?
is this reisling ice wine
Does this kit make 30 750ml bottles like it says? From the listed volumes I would suspect it only makes 30 375ml bottles.
What is included in the kit?
What size is this kit, 3 Gallon?
Could I know the exact size of that basket and about how many types of coffees - Thank you so much for your answer and time! Evelyne
can't see in description if is instant coffee...i want to send it to an office with no coffee maker. does anybody know??
Is this instant or brew coffee?
size
What is in it ??? ( Why isn't that stated in description? )
what products are in it
What are the contents?
Does it product contain other ingredients such as aluminum? Or is it just Sodium Bicarbonate?
Can you use this to bake? checking since baking isn't listed as a use.
Does it raise or lower ph. in pools?
Can I use this in a pool
Anyone use to brush teeth with?
why is this product near 200% higher then costco and samsclub,
These were all broken when I opened the box. Do you offer some type of guarantee?
How big are these tart shells?
How big are they? What is the measurement for the width of the bottom, width of the top, and the side from top to bottom?
Do these come already baked?
I saw one review that said they used these sweet, shortbread-type tartshells for a savory filling. Would this shell work for a curried chicken salad?
can you bake these if the filling needs to be baked?
I dont need this many at once. Refrigerate? Freeze? Shelf Life?
Can these be frozen and used when needed?
Does anyone have the ingredient list for Tamicon Paste Tamarind Concentrate, please?
Is this Tamicon Paste actually a thick paste which is dark in color or a runny liquid that is more of a pinkish tone?
Can I use this in recipes that call for tamarind juice? If so, what is the substitution ratio? Are there any other steps / risks / provisos?
Does this contain a nutrition label that shows serving size, sugar content, etc.?
how long will this paste last in the fridge? does it go bad?
Gluten free?
Gluten free?
Is this suitable for use in Thai dishes like Pad Thai, or would the non concentrated type work better?
Does this product need to be used within a few days after opening, or will it store for a longer time in the fridge after opening?
Is it organic?
Is 13 pounds enough to fill a small adult pillow case?
Are these soybeans hulled? Thanks in advance for your help and time.
What is the name of this soybean? Is it called Shinonome or Tamabijin? What is the protien value index? Is it high?
Are these beans for sprouting also?
Hard or Soft? Are these bars hard and crunchy or are they soft and chewy?
What are some thoughts on the ginger snap? And the carrot cake?
What is the expiration date of the items you ship to me?
Are all the flavors of Larabar non-GMO?
what is the "use by" date?
Are Larabars considered a "raw" food?
What is your favorite Larabar flavor? What's your favorite?
IS IT LOW CARB
What does "good source of fiber" mean? Can anyone make thie subjective claim an objective one by providing the actual number of grams of fiber per bar?
Are these "vegan" ? do they have egg? Do they have Dairy products ?
Looking for Organic and gluten free. Are these organic as well?
I can't find these at a good price without buying them in bulk, I will be the only one eating these does these oats have an expiration date or how long do they last sitting in the bag for?
Are these GMO free?
Please clarify. Ordering these oats for 34.00 means you get four 32 oz. bags? Also, why so high on the price?
My last order of this exact product and size was 17 dollars in January. Now it is 30 dollars. Why?
Are these oats organic?
I like to eat 1 cup of oatmeal in the morning but am on a little bit of a time restraint. Anyone try microwaving these oats?
Is it non GMO product?
Can someone who recently bought a bag please tell me how far out the expiration date is? Trying to figure out if an open bag I have is still in date.
How can these go from $15.00 to $34.44 in one year?
I thought that ALL oats were gluten free, it is OATS NOT wheat, so how can there be a difference??? I also noticed that these are more EXPENSIVE TKS
Can you make these in the microwave?
Can this be added to smoothies?
Can you eat these raw by adding to yogurt?
Do gluten free bobs oats taste the same as bobs regular steel cut oats?
Does this oatmeal contain GMO (Genetically Modified) Oats?
"Advanced color sorting removes un" ?
How do I know if the "mulberry" tea I purchased last month is actuallly "White Mulberry" tea? This is the same packaging seen on the Dr Oz show.
is this white mulberry or plain mulberry
Does the white mulberry really work
how many servings does 100 grams make?
what is pot size:height,length,depth?
are there drainage holes?
Does it have the water drain dish?
New to gardeneng, would these pots be okay for succulents?
what are the dimensions of these pots?
How do we get moisture trays for these?
Is this filling seedless?
Can unused portions be frozen? Does it taste artificial like grocery store bakery filling?
Is this Raspberry filling seedless?
How much is in one bag?
Carbs?
Has anyone done baby backs with this sauce? I just did a rack with another low carb sauce and it was horrible! Hoping to find a good low carb sauce.
What is expiration date on this lot? Thanks!
weight?
Since this is a suggested as a Hanukkah gift, is it Kosher?
Do you have an ingredients list?
are these individually wrapped?
Post holiday item....what is the expiration date? Do you still have the red box available?
Are they kosher?
how many calories are in one?
anyone use this to make white chocolate? white chocolate chips? how was it?
Has anyone used this product to thin tempered dark chocolate?
I just purchased your cacao butter (16oz) and the package that came doesn't say it is indeed raw. the picture on Amazon says "raw". Is is raw?
The description say that this butter is 100% organic and cold pressed; but I would like to know if it is unrefined or refined.
Is this gluten &amp; dairy free?
are these old fashioned as pictured or Quick oats? I only want the old fashioned not quick?
So, if these are not "instant" how long do they have to cook/boil????
Is it two 5 or 4.5 bls bags?
what is the best by date or shelf life
"Old Fashioned" or "Quick Oats"... ? The product description: " Quaker oats, old fashioned, 2 4.5 lb. bags" The product (as pictured): "Quick-1 Minute Quaker Oats" My Guess?
what does the inside of the box look like?
Is there a trace of peanuts?
were they recently produced? they are not almost expired?
were they hard
Fruitcake compare..... Has anyone compared the product of 2 or more monasteries?
Does any of you guys have the same experience as me, received the cake and saw that the outer surface was fully covered with white mould?
Does this fruitcake contain dairy or eggs?
Is this the same as what is in the Extra Fancy mix or the Olde English mix?
Does this mix contain citron?
Is there any citron in this product?
Is this lard hydrogynated?
is this made from rendered animal fat
Any additived such as BHA?
This is ONE Pound of lard-? It comes as shown in a sealed container-? Any 'use-by' date-? Because I want to use this for storage / camping, etc.
Is this beef or pork lard? Edit: guess I should have done a bit of research before asking but I did not think that far. Dictionary.com answers the question. Rendered beef fat is called tallow.
Is this lard hydrogynated?
Is bubble tea the same thing as chai? Thank you.
Does this have caffeine? Or is it just black tea flavored?
How many servings for one bag?
Are there instructions on the bag in english?
ok for outdoor furniture?
Food cutting board: Can this product be used on a wood cutting board?
Do you have to dilute it? I'm planning on using it on teak. The salesperson said to dilute it because teak is so dense.
Can this product be used to seal stone?
I plan to use this on my 1903A4 rifle to bring back the worn out areas in the stock. Can I rub it on the existing finish? I really dont want to sand
can this product be used on the oak floor? Thanks in advance!
how much will I need to apply to a untreated barn wood mantle? Is a pt enough or should I buy a bigger size?
Could this Tung oil coud be used together with beewax instead of linsead oil, just a beewax and Tung oil to create waterproofing solution ??
Can this be used on finished, stained kitchen or bath cabinets? Thanks
Planning on using for an exterior Mahogany door.Does this have good UV/sun resistance and not promote mold/mildew?Thanks
How many mg of sodium in each chip, or a quantity of chips?
what are the ingredients of the multigrain pita chips?
How far ahead is the expiration date on orders that are placed?
Are these packaged in their own Pita Chips box or as a bag that gets thrown in with other items?
I ordered this them 3rd of March, and I still didn't get them! The status of the tracking number is the same - in transit...since!!
I really like the Simply Naked, but why when I buy them at the grocery store are the chips always in small pieces.
Are these individual size serving bags? I'm looking for an appropriate size to pack in my child's lunch box.
Are these really hard to chew? Could someone with no teeth get through a bag? Thank-you
How many mg of sodium in each chip, or a quantity of chips?
what are the ingredients of the multigrain pita chips?
How far ahead is the expiration date on orders that are placed?
Are these packaged in their own Pita Chips box or as a bag that gets thrown in with other items?
I ordered this them 3rd of March, and I still didn't get them! The status of the tracking number is the same - in transit...since!!
I really like the Simply Naked, but why when I buy them at the grocery store are the chips always in small pieces.
Are these individual size serving bags? I'm looking for an appropriate size to pack in my child's lunch box.
Are these really hard to chew? Could someone with no teeth get through a bag? Thank-you
I would love to order as many bags as I could of the carmel tootsie roll pops. Do you have a lot? Will you combine shipping
I would love to order as many bags as I could of the carmel tootsie roll pops. Do you have a lot? Will you combine shipping
how many pops per bag?
How many capsules are in the bottle?
Is this product capsules or herbal tablets?
is there a gelatin in it?
Does this product contain alcohol?
gluten free?
Does Gochujang need to be refrigerated after opening?
How spicy is this? Like, in relation to Huy Fong Sriracha, is this more spicy or less spicy?
How long does this last in the fridge after opened? Can it be frozen?
Can i use this to make Kimchee - it's the only Korean chile product I can find locally.
I have a recipe for Miso Chicken and it calls for miso paste- The recipe notes that it should preferably be Kochujang. Is this what I am looking for?
Does this have corn syrup?.
Is the product will not destroy in a week out of the refrigerator?
Does this need to be refrigerated after opening?
About how much caffeine per scoop does this have?
is this the same chai that is sold at costco in calif (chamba spiced chai) i get it in El Centro at costco ( for $8 or 9.00)
The brand shows Great Train, but is it the same spiced chai you see on Amazon in the purple packages? I don't want to get a big can if it's not exactly the same. Thx
Hello, can you send it to the Czech Republic?
Can this be used in the reusable Keurig cups?
Can you tell me the expiration date?
Is this the same as Chai Tea
How many grams of sugar
what is the sodium content per 8oz. cup?
is this free of artificial sweetener?
how many carbs per serving?
What are the ingredients?
number of calories in a serving?
Can nu make waffles wit it
How big is the scoop?
How many carbs per serving?
WHAT ARE THE INGREDIENTS? THANKS
Are these actually made with Buffalo or American Bison?
How many bars come in this pack? Also, do you only have origional, or can one also opt to purchase the spicy flavor?
Does Pack of 3 mean you get 3 boxes of the 48 bags?
tea bag size description confusion? i am looking for the LARGE tea bag size. i see references to 1 gallon size bags and family size in the tea packaging descriptions. are these the same size?
Do you have to use boiling water to make this?
Where to find this?! In what stores can you find this?
Does this contain corn syrup?
what is the time of the expiration date? If the bottle is not opened, how long is it gonna last? Can some1 help to answer these questions? Thanks alot
Does this have Red Dye in it at all?
Are the salt granules like that of regular table salt, or finer like that of powdered sugar?
Please show a picture of the ingredients label. How much sodium is in this? Thanks!
what are the ingredients?
What is the size of the packaging? Details doesn't say how many oz/grams.
is this whole weat
Is it enriched?
I made my first loaf. It was high on one side and had peaks. Not pretty. I am disappointed. Any idea why?
For the bread bakers - would this flour be good in Challah bread?
Can I use this for regular bread flour? or is this whole wheat bread flour? I need regular bread flour for my bread maker.
Is this flour white in color or brown?
Which ingredients are in this flour?
when will it be added to subscribe and save?
1) How long does a gallon of oil last at 1/3 cup of popcorn/week? 2) How do you get the wife to stop laughing when your GALLON arrives?
is it hydrogenated?
is this product butter flavored?
Does anyone sell microwave popcorn that uses coconut oil? I am talking about the bags of popcorn that you just toss into the micro. Like Act II or Redenbachers? I can not find any that do but I would think somebody does.
What's the length of time from when you purchased your jar to the expiration date?
I know this is a solid at room temp, but is it supposed to be rock hard? I can even see cracks in it through the sides of the container.
Does it contain any ingredients other than coconut oil?
This says it's made for the Paragon popcorn popper, I use a Whirley popcorn popper on top of the stove , can you use it with this?
If this is just colored coconut oil, why is this any better than just using coconut oil? Will plain coconut oil taste the same as this?
Does it ever go bad/too old to use
Does this popcorn have a lot of hulls when popped? John
Is this GMO corn?
How many servings does this make? Our school is hosting a movie night, and I am wondering how much I will need to order.
Expiration date? So does anyone want to quench my fears and say the expiration date is?
i would like to now if this corn purchassing in tropical climate ( central africa)
is this mushroom or butterfly popcorn ?
what is the protein content of this bread flour?
Can anyone tell me if this is unbleached?
I am interested in the nutrition label please
What variety of wheat is used in the whole wheat bread flour?
Can this flour rise well when used to make bread?
I know it says nothing added, but I just have to be sure, does this have any soy product in it? I'd like to try it, but family member has a soy lechitin allergy... Thank you.
Is this flour unbleached?
Hi, I emailed your company and asked for a recipe that could work with a bread machine and it's been over a year and I haven't received any recipe.
What are the Ingredients? What are the nutrition facts?
Can I use this to pop my corn in?
Does it last last/keep "forever"? In other words, if I leave it on a shelf in the basement for a year or two, will it still be okay to use?
Can you bake with it?
I need to know if there are any preservatives in the cherries? My mother has allergies.
Is there any dairy in these?
how is the packaging. i ordered the orange jelly and package sucked. arrived smushed. need to know if this will be the same
What % of cocoa is in the dark chocolate?
I'm confused by some of the reviews.... Are these SUGAR FREE????
How many choclates were in the box
What's the difference between this and the more expensive flakes? ?? TIA!
recipes for Bob's Red Mill shredded coconut
How many cups of coconut are in a 12oz bag? Thanks!
Organic? Or just the word natural?
Can i eat this stuff directly?
Is this toasted or raw?
In the description it says you get a pack of 4 12 oz bags with this order.Is this true, or a typo?
Bob's Shredded Coconut is $14 but Bob's Flaked Coconut is $24.50. Same qty of all ingredients. Why? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002...
Can the bags of coconut be put in freezer? Pack of 4 best price but too much for me to use up quickly. Or best way to keep fresh?
Is this coconut non-GMO?
can this Almond Flour appropriate for Macaron?
How much is delivered for that price? 4 pounds? (It says 2x1 and pack of 2)
Is this a product of the USA?
What are the net carbs per serving?
Are the almonds used Non-GMO?
Was this item at some point $8.28 for 40 ounces a total of 4-10 ounce packets? And now the same quantity is $22.80?
Is this TVP made from NON-GMO vegetables?
About how much meat is this equivalent to? Does this expand when you cook it? Do you have to buy flavoring separately? (I'm new to TVP)
What is the country of origin for the soy?
What chemicals are used in the extraction? Seems that Hexane is used mostly in soy protein.
I am confused regarding the price/quantity. Does the buyer receive four 10-oz packages (40 ounces total) for a total price of $8.28?
Would this product be considered "mock meat" or "meat substitute"? Thanks
what is difference between this drink and coconut water....does label show how much sugar
Subscribe &amp; Save? What happened to the option to subscribe and save on this product?
Expiration: How long do these last on a dark pantry shelf at about 70-75 degrees?
How is this product pasteurized?
Is this Pasteurized because if it is - it is NOT in it's natural state and has NO true value!
What is the nutrition information on this product, calories, fat etc.
What are the ingredients? Is there an ingredients list/nutritional info posted anywhere?
How many calories in 1 1/4 scoops?
How many calories in a serving?
does it have stevia?
it's a 7 pack in the picture, so are they opening and sending 12 packs or is it 12 packs of boxes that have 7, which is 84 packs?
Does all 12 packs have to be the same flavors?
vegan
How many packets come in this?
cold
How long the time I can store this coffee?
difference tween "whole bean" and columbian peaks?
what is wrong when the pound cake is oily, packed and wet in one area?
Is this the same thing as pastry flour?
Can I flour chicken and pork chops for frying with cake flour
Can anyone tell me if I would get a better result making a cake with this or with the - Presto Self Rising Cake Flour- for sale here on Amazon?
Is this could be organic? not GMO?
Expiration Date: What is the expiration date on the packages that are being shipped currently?
is there a differance between 100% colombian and 100%colombian peaks coffee
Is this coffee medium ground?
Is this packaged in a plastic bag? I am trying to avoid plastic, most coffee bags (Starbucks currently for me) are not recyclable.
Does EIGHT O'CLOCK coffee contain caffeine? I assumed the "Eight O'Clock" reference meant it was decaf, okay to drink at night time...
What is the expiry date?
What's up with the price increase on this product?
The box says it has original and apple cinnamon mix, but the description says 9-oz cake mix. Please clarify which one is it?
are the shaker and tongs and apple cinnamon mix with the kit like they show on the box or is that just another misleading sales tactic?
What size is the ring mold?
Dear Sir, Pls let me know what is your expiry date exactly? TKS.
Does this product have expiration date?
what is the expiry date of this products
What is the expired date for mixed berry?
What is the expired date for strawberry flavor?
if i buy this mixed product at the end of April 2014,What the expiration date it suppose to be?Tks
do you have blueberry flavor in the package?
Is the packaging BPA free?
Anyone heard that cooked greens start forming nitrates(carcinogenic) in storage? Wondering if there are any such detriments to this sort of product?
Is this a smooth enough texture to give to a 7 month old (assuming they have tried all the ingredients before) or do the chia seeds make it too lumpy?
Does this taste like lemons? There is lemon in the ingredients.
Do these need to be refridgerated?
Can you get a variety of flavors or just one?
how many pouches is this? It says 16 pack and there are 8 in a "pack" (box) So, a total of 16x8?!?!?
Are these considered nut free?
Have these been tested for parasites since they are uncooked?
Are the pouches BPA free?
When does it expire?
Some customers claim that this isn't a full five gallons; how many ounces do you guarantee?
How many grams of sugar it has per serving?
Is there a pump I can use with this 5-gallon jug?
If the 5 lb bear and the 3 lb worm got into a fight, who would win?
Was it Good? I mean The Small Bears are nasty
Is this one of those Death Gummie Bears that will make you poop your pants?
Do you ship to Europe?
Would this be okay to order this time of year? Or should I wait until Fall time?
Do you ship to Israel?
Does it come in a box?
How long does it keep fresh?
If I order this, when shouldI get it?
Hi there! How much for a shippment to France please?
If the 5 lb bear and the 3 lb worm got into a fight, who would win?
Was it Good? I mean The Small Bears are nasty
Is this one of those Death Gummie Bears that will make you poop your pants?
Do you ship to Europe?
Would this be okay to order this time of year? Or should I wait until Fall time?
Do you ship to Israel?
Does it come in a box?
How long does it keep fresh?
If I order this, when shouldI get it?
Hi there! How much for a shippment to France please?
If the 5 lb bear and the 3 lb worm got into a fight, who would win?
Was it Good? I mean The Small Bears are nasty
Is this one of those Death Gummie Bears that will make you poop your pants?
Do you ship to Europe?
Would this be okay to order this time of year? Or should I wait until Fall time?
Do you ship to Israel?
Does it come in a box?
How long does it keep fresh?
If I order this, when shouldI get it?
Hi there! How much for a shippment to France please?
How does this compare to the Crema e Gusto?
Is there 4 tins in one big tin?
What is the difference between "in Blu" and the "Lavazza Caffe Espresso" in the black can?
Can this be used in a regular drip coffee maker? I had it overseas and the coffee shop said they did?
Have anyone tried it with Bialetti moka express stove top makers?
Can you use this in a Keurig with a reusable cup?
is there quantity (12 tins) pricing?
Has anyone used this on creeping ivy with any luck?
has anyone used this for cleaning glass shower doors?
would this work on horsetail weed ?
Can I spray this on weeds under citrus and pecan trees without hurting the trees?
has anyone tried using this as a pre emergent?
Would this be effective to kill the highly invasive Lesser Celandine or Pig Buttercup?
Has anyone tried this on pet stains?
does it kill clover?
Will this kill stickers and leave my grass, garden and flowers alone?
I know it will kill the weeds, but will it also kill my grass?
I bought the g90 gevalia and fortunately is working for now. Does any one know what is the white milky substance that comes out of it? Thanks
If this does not use the standard K-cups will it use the Tassimo pods?
does it work
what kind of coffee does it take r they kcups?
how many servings?
concerning unflavored original: some images say no soy, others no soy allergens, and pics from here say soy included? What version will I receive?
Garden of Life Raw Meal - Coumadin? Does anyone know?
Just curious if this is good for weightloss. Never saw anything about that in the reviews?
Can you make it taste better?
Has anyone replaced more than just one meal with Raw Meal?
What health benefits could I expect to see?
How long does this product stay fresh?
how much sugar is in the unflavored?
how much soy is in the product?
paraben free
What kind of smell or taste do these leave on the skin?
Any acids in wipes?
any acid in product ,please?
is it 3 boxes of 16 tes bags?
Does the 6 Pack come with more teags than the 3 pack? I'm just wondering why it's more than double the price for the 6, when it's double the amount.
The amazon description lists spearmint as an ingredient, but I don't see that on the photo of the box. Is there any kind of mint in this product?
what is the expiration date for this product?
why is the shipping weight more than 0.6*3 ounces? I bought 2 qty, the shipping weight is 1.7 lbs.:(
What does it taste like? Does it have the black licorice taste or better? And does pack of 3 mean 3 boxes of 16 tea bags?
does this help with dry milk? you see my milk is dry and I been pumping and takeing motherlove its not helping
Do you brew one tea bag with 3 cups of water or 1 tea bag per 1 cup of water?
How does this compare to Traditional Medicinals Mother's Milk Tea? Better, worse, comparable?
If it doesn't say "BAKED" on the package, should I assume that the chips have been fried?
How large is the box these come in? I'm shipping to a pouch address with size restrictions.
How much sodium per serving and what is the serving size?
What is the expiration date on the chips if you order them now? I would like to get them for hotel wedding favor bags in March 2015.
Is it possible to find out the expiration date?
The picture shows pretzels--I just want to make sure it is indeed Sesame Blues. thanks.
Why do the ingredients say "Chocolate"??!
The description says free shipping but on chekout it is not offered. ??? Is it free or not?
The flavor listed as "Blue, Salted" shows "Red Hot Blues" in the picture... Wanted to verify I will in fact receive Red Hot Blues if I place an order.. Please Advise..
Is this frosting gluten free?
does it have a good expiration date?
anyone have problems with the frosting?
What orchard in Michigan are these cherries grown. I have heard that the FDA has been sending warning letters about false health claims.
Is this product juice or concentrate?
The description doesn't mention whether it contains preservatives. Does it? Thanks!
How long will a bottle last if taken as suggested?
Is this organic and pesticide free?
Is this juice thick? I have ordered on line before and it's more like a juice...not the thick concentrate.
How long does this stuff hold in the fridge?
is the bottle plastic or glass?
how many servings per bottle?
The ingredient listed just says juice conentrate. Is there any sugar or other addititives in this juice? Thanks for input!
What is the Iron content of this one compared to the regular version?
Does whole grain actually have more nuggets of the grain in the mix?
Is this 4 boxes of Cream of Wheat or is it 1 box with 4 individual packages inside?
to clarify-this ghee can be stored unopened for 1 year in a fridge, but unopened only 2-3 months? How long can an open jar be stored unrefrigerated/
Hi I just received my 2 jars of Ghee. On the label it says it makes the best popcorn ever. I am wondering if I use it the same way I do other oils?
Is it pasteurized? I'm looking for "raw."
What is the difference between cultured ghee &amp; regular ghee? Are they both organic &amp; grass fed? Which has more health benefits? Thanks
Can you use ghee like butter on toast, potatoes, ect.?
How many servings per 7.8 oz? How long does this jar tend to last people?
If I'm going to use this in a deep fryer, how often should I throw it out and use new Ghee?
does it come in larger sizes or jars?
I can't seem to find an answer to this. Can you store ghee in a butter bell without the water?
Are the cows fed any grain?
are these sea salt or honey flavor
Are the almonds kosher certified? do they contain an ou or other certification on the package?
What's the weight of each individual bag?
What are the carbs per serving, and fiber?
Are they vegan?
how many carbs per bag
How many grams of protein in each bag?
How many grams of fat in each bg
About how many almonds are in each bag?
Are these gluten free
Why is the 96-count a worse value than buying four of the 24-count boxes? This makes no sense. Buyinhg in bulk should get you a better price.
is this product regular or bold?
Is this 100% coffee?
Are all 24 K-Cups DECAF....this is important as I cannot drink caffeinated coffee. Thanks.
What or how do you get prime price
My new Keurig 2.0 only accepts K-Cups with ring around top that have "Keurig Brewed". Is it possible to get an assortment of only those both decaf an
Is it assorted flavors of decaf coffees?
Is this compatible with Nescafe Dolce Gusto machines?
is there sugar in it
Do the K-Cups work in the Keurig 2.0?
There is a size listed as a 4 pack, but it doesn't say how many are in each pack of 4. Does any one know how many total is in the 4 pack.
why is the 48 count price more than the 24 count price??? 24 count = .56 ea. / 48 count = .65 each
Does this come in decaf?
Can I use this with a Keurig V500?
How many calories does this have in it?
How does this compare to the Cinnabon version?
is it seasoned rice vinegar
what are the calories?
what are the calories of this product
When the expiration date? I want to know expiry date.
SELF LIFE
Is this gluten free?
How many boxes is this? With how many in a box? It's not clear?
When do these products expire?
Pack of 12 is that 12 boxes or 12 bags?
How sweet are these granola bars? Do they taste like dessert?
ARE THEY FRESH AND NOT OUTDATED?
What is the source of protein in these bars? Soy?
What is expiration date?
I want please to know about all Kind that are lactose free gluten free and soy free
Does Amazon actually stock the Almonds &amp; Apricots in Yogurt KIND bars? The box I received was not Yogurt variety.
Kind bars consistently stale, no longer recommend: Time to make a fresh batch guys, how long are you going to keep passing off these old bars?
Diabetics: Is this product good for dibetics?
How sweet are these granola bars? Do they taste like dessert?
ARE THEY FRESH AND NOT OUTDATED?
What is the source of protein in these bars? Soy?
What is expiration date?
I want please to know about all Kind that are lactose free gluten free and soy free
Does Amazon actually stock the Almonds &amp; Apricots in Yogurt KIND bars? The box I received was not Yogurt variety.
Kind bars consistently stale, no longer recommend: Time to make a fresh batch guys, how long are you going to keep passing off these old bars?
Diabetics: Is this product good for dibetics?
How sweet are these granola bars? Do they taste like dessert?
ARE THEY FRESH AND NOT OUTDATED?
What is the source of protein in these bars? Soy?
What is expiration date?
I want please to know about all Kind that are lactose free gluten free and soy free
Does Amazon actually stock the Almonds &amp; Apricots in Yogurt KIND bars? The box I received was not Yogurt variety.
Kind bars consistently stale, no longer recommend: Time to make a fresh batch guys, how long are you going to keep passing off these old bars?
Diabetics: Is this product good for dibetics?
How sweet are these granola bars? Do they taste like dessert?
ARE THEY FRESH AND NOT OUTDATED?
What is the source of protein in these bars? Soy?
What is expiration date?
I want please to know about all Kind that are lactose free gluten free and soy free
Does Amazon actually stock the Almonds &amp; Apricots in Yogurt KIND bars? The box I received was not Yogurt variety.
Kind bars consistently stale, no longer recommend: Time to make a fresh batch guys, how long are you going to keep passing off these old bars?
Diabetics: Is this product good for dibetics?
are these mushrooms from China?
What is the current country of origin for these mushrooms?
Are there Sulfites added?
Have to know which country the mushrooms come from. It is EXTREMELY important! Anybody has clue?
Someone gave me a bag of sliced Shitake mushrooms, how long will they keep?
One place says that the bag is 2LBS, another 1 pound. What is the weight?
Are your mushrooms grown and harvested in usa?
Why is the price listed as 1 pound for $12 in the subject, but the specs say 1, 1 pound bag for $21.49?
is this the same taste as the kind you order at the chinese restaurant
Has anyone tried baking with this? Or made an icing with it?
Do you mix it with just hot water or do you have t use milk?
Does this product contain hydrogenated fats of any sort?
How much caffeine per serving is in this mix?
Are there any antificial sweetners in the ingredients?
Does this contain any kind of phosphates?
This is the powder form, correct?
Can I freeze them? And is the body 3-4 inches long, or is that with the legs. 3-4 inches for the body sound pretty standard.
what size are the crab's and how big are they
how big
Is this quinoa pre-rinsed?
what is the benefit of using this product
How many servings in the whole package?
I'm new to this- Am I supposed to split up the bamboo or can I keep as one? If splitting, do I tie with some butcher string or something?
How do I care for this?
I was told to use distilled water with Lucky Bamboo? True or Not
what is the circumference of the bottom of the bamboo? what size pot do I need to fit this plant in to fit comfy? thank you.
Do the stalks come grouped together with the pretty gold tie on them like in the photo or are they each separate? Thanks for your help:)
I live in So. Nevada and I see lots of bamboo outside and want to do the same. How are these bamboo different than the bamboo I see outside?
Is this bamboo a spiral type or a straight type?
how long would the bamboo last when shipping without water
Is this arrangement more than 4 inches wide?
About how many of each size comes in this bundle? (I am making centerpieces, and would like to know!)
Are these actually Made in Germany as the image shows?
Does anyone know how many calories are in one roll?
Are these actually sealed on the ends making them appropriate to give out at Halloween or are they just twisted closed?
What type of gelatin do they contain? Pork, fish, beef, etc.
are they gummy or hard?
Shelf life on the 6 bags received is 8 months, can it be frozen or refrigerated to lengthen that time without sacrificing quality, thanks.
Is this popcorn non GMO corn?
I trust Arrowhead Mills but still wonder-this popcorn is a "product of ?" which country? Thanks!
Why does it say "A crunchy combination of seeds and nuts and honey"?
do you use sustainable palm oil?
Does it contain sugar?
Is the container glass?
Is this product vegan?
This item and your website shows as "Manufactured in an almond only facility", but the product label says that's made in a facility with coconuts.
What is the expiration date on these?
how much saturated fat?
is the container plastic or glass: im planning to have it shipped it here in the philippines?
why dont u show the nutrition info?????? Cant turn jar over!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What size vase do you recommend for 25 giant long stemmed roses?
is the note card placed inside the box? Will the person receiving the roses be the only name on the outside of the box?
I want to be 100% sure THE MASSEGE is included, is it possible?
Is there a greeting card or something that we may write on, so the recipient can know who the flowers were sent from?
I need to pay additional tax or is included in delivery costs
can I add one more for a total of 26
Hello, Why did I receive duty and tax invoice of $35.00 for these flowers from FedEx ?
How can I get this flower be delivered on February 14th? The scheduled date can't be clicked, but in the description it says delivery available.
My friend lives in the country with a p o box number for the address. can federal express delivery to this type address
I am in China now, I want to buy a Luxury Rooses to my girlfriend on her birthday, the day is August 14th. she lives in Durham now.Can you deliver it
what is the best if used by date.
Is this albacore tuna?
Is it hard to swallow or dry out of the package eating by itself?
Why does it say $12 on the ad sent to me in my email? Which is it?
Anyone know the country of origin for this tuna? I don't buy anything from China/Thailand/Asia, so I need to know. Thanks!,
Is the packaging BPA free?
How many Tablespoons or Cups are in 16 oz (1 lb) of sprinkles?
ingredients??? Are they Gluten free?
Is this product kosher?
What are the ingredients in these sprinkles?
Do these have any traces of peanuts? Cross contamination by peanuts/treenuts? Thanks
Would a 16-oz bag be enough to rim 100 regular-sized cupcakes in sprinkles?
are these jimmies tree nut free?
Have these jimmies been pre-rustled?
How many Tablespoons or Cups are in 16 oz (1 lb) of sprinkles?
ingredients??? Are they Gluten free?
Is this product kosher?
What are the ingredients in these sprinkles?
Do these have any traces of peanuts? Cross contamination by peanuts/treenuts? Thanks
Would a 16-oz bag be enough to rim 100 regular-sized cupcakes in sprinkles?
are these jimmies tree nut free?
Have these jimmies been pre-rustled?
How many Tablespoons or Cups are in 16 oz (1 lb) of sprinkles?
ingredients??? Are they Gluten free?
Is this product kosher?
What are the ingredients in these sprinkles?
Do these have any traces of peanuts? Cross contamination by peanuts/treenuts? Thanks
Would a 16-oz bag be enough to rim 100 regular-sized cupcakes in sprinkles?
are these jimmies tree nut free?
Have these jimmies been pre-rustled?
How many Tablespoons or Cups are in 16 oz (1 lb) of sprinkles?
ingredients??? Are they Gluten free?
Is this product kosher?
What are the ingredients in these sprinkles?
Do these have any traces of peanuts? Cross contamination by peanuts/treenuts? Thanks
Would a 16-oz bag be enough to rim 100 regular-sized cupcakes in sprinkles?
are these jimmies tree nut free?
Have these jimmies been pre-rustled?
How many Tablespoons or Cups are in 16 oz (1 lb) of sprinkles?
ingredients??? Are they Gluten free?
Is this product kosher?
What are the ingredients in these sprinkles?
Do these have any traces of peanuts? Cross contamination by peanuts/treenuts? Thanks
Would a 16-oz bag be enough to rim 100 regular-sized cupcakes in sprinkles?
are these jimmies tree nut free?
Have these jimmies been pre-rustled?
How many Tablespoons or Cups are in 16 oz (1 lb) of sprinkles?
ingredients??? Are they Gluten free?
Is this product kosher?
What are the ingredients in these sprinkles?
Do these have any traces of peanuts? Cross contamination by peanuts/treenuts? Thanks
Would a 16-oz bag be enough to rim 100 regular-sized cupcakes in sprinkles?
are these jimmies tree nut free?
Have these jimmies been pre-rustled?
How many Tablespoons or Cups are in 16 oz (1 lb) of sprinkles?
ingredients??? Are they Gluten free?
Is this product kosher?
What are the ingredients in these sprinkles?
Do these have any traces of peanuts? Cross contamination by peanuts/treenuts? Thanks
Would a 16-oz bag be enough to rim 100 regular-sized cupcakes in sprinkles?
are these jimmies tree nut free?
Have these jimmies been pre-rustled?
How many Tablespoons or Cups are in 16 oz (1 lb) of sprinkles?
ingredients??? Are they Gluten free?
Is this product kosher?
What are the ingredients in these sprinkles?
Do these have any traces of peanuts? Cross contamination by peanuts/treenuts? Thanks
Would a 16-oz bag be enough to rim 100 regular-sized cupcakes in sprinkles?
are these jimmies tree nut free?
Have these jimmies been pre-rustled?
How many Tablespoons or Cups are in 16 oz (1 lb) of sprinkles?
ingredients??? Are they Gluten free?
Is this product kosher?
What are the ingredients in these sprinkles?
Do these have any traces of peanuts? Cross contamination by peanuts/treenuts? Thanks
Would a 16-oz bag be enough to rim 100 regular-sized cupcakes in sprinkles?
are these jimmies tree nut free?
Have these jimmies been pre-rustled?
How many Tablespoons or Cups are in 16 oz (1 lb) of sprinkles?
ingredients??? Are they Gluten free?
Is this product kosher?
What are the ingredients in these sprinkles?
Do these have any traces of peanuts? Cross contamination by peanuts/treenuts? Thanks
Would a 16-oz bag be enough to rim 100 regular-sized cupcakes in sprinkles?
are these jimmies tree nut free?
Have these jimmies been pre-rustled?
How many Tablespoons or Cups are in 16 oz (1 lb) of sprinkles?
ingredients??? Are they Gluten free?
Is this product kosher?
What are the ingredients in these sprinkles?
Do these have any traces of peanuts? Cross contamination by peanuts/treenuts? Thanks
Would a 16-oz bag be enough to rim 100 regular-sized cupcakes in sprinkles?
are these jimmies tree nut free?
Have these jimmies been pre-rustled?
Ingredients? What are the exact ingredients?
what kind of vanilla beans are used? Bourbon, madagascar, tahitian?? I love it but am curious.....
What does the word PURE means?
Is there a difference between "pure vanilla extract" and "extract of pure vanilla"? Extract of pure vanilla, a blended product, need not be pure?
has anyone used it on skin, for its fragrance?
is this in a glass bottle I hope or is it in plastic?
Is this gluten free
is costco still selling this?
I see that some people have complained that the sauce they received was past the "best by" date. Can I be assured that I will get a new bottle?
Does it taste "fishy"? I've hesitated to try this, as fish makes me gag! But I love Worchestershire sauce--go figure!
does it have to be refrigerated after opening?
How long does this last after the bottle has been opened?
Is this gluten free?
Can I see a list of ingredients?
What are the ingredients?
what exactly does it taste like ?
How much sodium does this contain?
how many tablespoons of cacao powder will provide 200 mg of flavanols?
What is the nutritional information on the packaging...specifically the fiber and protein?
can you bake with this?
can you bake with this?
Are you selling 6 boxes of 10 pakets(total of 60 packets) for thre price advertised?
Is it mixed with water or milk? When camping I don't always have access to milk.
I've read the description but can't tell if they are gluten free since they have maltodextrin, does anyone else know?
what is total carbs that I would put in my insulin pump
What flavors are in this variety pack? Some, I have seen, say Choc/Vanilla and others say Choc/Vanilla/Strawberry
Description is not clear is this a case with xnumber of 8 pack package inside
What is the expiration date?
I know these are variety pack but how many of each flavor are there per box?
Would I be getting 8 boxes, with 8 envelopes in each box?
Is this "60" pacs total? Am I reading it wrong?
DOes it have to be mixed with nonfat milk? Im looking for a supplement for my 6 yr old who is not big on eating. Can i mix with 1%? Good for kids?
It says on the label there are 13 grams of protein per serving. Then in the nutritional info section it says 5 grams. *confused* Which is it?
Where is this made?
What is the shelf life and what is the current expiration date on the product as of 10/04/2014
how many oz milk.per packet???
Is this drink lactose free?
which flavor is best?
Just wanted to clarify that i would get 6 boxes of the instant carnation; so 60 packets total?
How many do it get 60 in total? Says 6 pack but 10 in each.
we are used to the individual packets- how many mix-with-1-lb-meat meals does it make?
is this product gluten free?
is this low sodium or not?
is this the container that is 40% sodium free
Can you tell me if there is kosher certification on this package ( as there is on the envelopes)? If so, what is it.
Are the kernels microwavable?
Are there a lot of hulls in the popped corn? The fewer, the better.
Why doesn't it say "Non-GMO" anywhere on the label?
what is the difference between the white /yellow - nutritionwise and taste???
Does anyone have an opinion how it compares to Orville's white popcorn?
if you air pop these, do they come out chewy and tough or tender?
is this popcorn organic
Does the white variety work in an air cooker ?
Is this mushroom popcorn?
Can it be cooked on a stove?
How long is each sheet ?
What length did they come in?
which three strips to you give out? the top layer bottom, etc?
What does it taste like?
Does it mix well with almond or coconut milk without using a blender?
how would you all compare this to Shakeology? I am looking for a healthy meal replacement without all the added whey and soy, gmos,etc.
Does this product get thick as it stands with liquid? If anyone tried RAW meal, it gets thicker the longer it stands, which I hate.
This really controlled my appetite (which is good). In addition, I'm assuming this has no caffeine. Am I correct?
How can you get the new version? Every time I have ordered it, I get the old one.
what are the ingredients?
Does this need to be refrigerated?
lactose free?
does anyone have any good frozen shake or smoothie recipes for this (choc) or any other flavor?
What does it taste like?
Does it mix well with almond or coconut milk without using a blender?
how would you all compare this to Shakeology? I am looking for a healthy meal replacement without all the added whey and soy, gmos,etc.
Does this product get thick as it stands with liquid? If anyone tried RAW meal, it gets thicker the longer it stands, which I hate.
This really controlled my appetite (which is good). In addition, I'm assuming this has no caffeine. Am I correct?
How can you get the new version? Every time I have ordered it, I get the old one.
what are the ingredients?
Does this need to be refrigerated?
lactose free?
does anyone have any good frozen shake or smoothie recipes for this (choc) or any other flavor?
What does it taste like?
Does it mix well with almond or coconut milk without using a blender?
how would you all compare this to Shakeology? I am looking for a healthy meal replacement without all the added whey and soy, gmos,etc.
Does this product get thick as it stands with liquid? If anyone tried RAW meal, it gets thicker the longer it stands, which I hate.
This really controlled my appetite (which is good). In addition, I'm assuming this has no caffeine. Am I correct?
How can you get the new version? Every time I have ordered it, I get the old one.
what are the ingredients?
Does this need to be refrigerated?
lactose free?
does anyone have any good frozen shake or smoothie recipes for this (choc) or any other flavor?
What is the country of origin? I refuse to consume food from CHINA!
Are these from China?
the picture shows that the brand is from Sincerly Nuts, but when i click on it it becomes another brand? Which one is it?
How many oz are in the bag.
Can you pls inform the package dimensions? m x m x m.
are these from china
The label says it contains caffeine. Anyone know how much per serving?
How many servings are in this?
Why a film inside glass after drinking spark
How many servings per container?
would like to see the ingredient list and does it have artificial sweeteners
Why can you sell this on Amazon when its not legal to do so??
how many calories are in Spark?
did you lose weight
How many servings does a 1 pound 6.2 oz container make?
does it come with a scoop?
does this make young teenagers focus better/
Are other flavors available? I'm looking for Strawberry/Mango
What is this sweetened with? Does this have artificial sweetners and if so - what are they.
ok pizza lovers. I've tried dozens of dough recipes, AP, K.A. flours and just can't seem to get that bubbly, chewy texture we all are looking for. You know exactly what I mean. I've decided to try this flour. With all the pizza lovers here, can anyone...
Does this work well for deep dish crust?
Is there an expiration date listed on the flour bags?
Is this 00 superfine flour different from the 00 chef's flour? It is exactly the same , but the price is different. So Im confused here...
Is this flour what is used for Italian bread? What is the best flour for Italian bread in your opinion?
Hi, I am looking for a original italian thin crispy pizza dough recipe like I had in Italy. Dont like fluffy chewy and sweet tasting pizza dough.
Is the flour made in Italy? Also, can it be used to bake cakes?
Does caputo make whole wheat flour ?
Does anyone know if this is non-GMO? It comes from Italy, right? I am gluten intolerant and would love to make my own pizza.
May I have a list of the ingredients please?
Has anyone tried this in the oil for popping popcorn
Can you use this in lip balms?
is this clear ?
If you taste the emulsion straight from the bottle, is it normal for it to taste bitter? Thanks in advance.
I see this contains natural flavors. So am I to assume it is not vegan? Thanks
Can baking emulsions like these be used for making hard candy?
What is the expiration date if I buy it today? Need to know it before buying. Thanks.
is any difference between the yellow package and red package?
because I want buy 20 cases for my friend,could you tell me the last day for use of the powder.I want to buy 10 step2 ,10 step 3?
what's the expiration date if I buy it today? Thanks
What is the expiration day if I buy it today?
what is the expiration day?enfamil 2
is any difference between the yellow package and red package?
is any difference between the yellow package and red package?
how many cans in a case?
may I know how is the shipping weight of 3 cans(include the box)?
how long will it last before and after it has been opened
Will this work well for scalloped corn? Thanks
how many calories per serving? and how many servings per container?
I wonder how much of this is food dye?
What are mixing instructions for making tomato sauce and tomato paste from this product?
Is there a guarantee that once opened and sealed correctly after each use, it will not cake up into one solid block
Does the bottle indicate where these tomatoes are from? Thx
What is a serving size and what is the salt content (per serving)/
looking for samples of all powdered vegetables. do you carry these and are they listed?
Does it tell you how to use if you want to use this as tomato sauce/paste?
What's the best way to rehydrate these?
Does anyone know where these mushrooms were grown? I like to know the origins of food I eat and am wary of companies that don't reveal that.
Where is it made in? Where (the country)were the mushrooms harvested?
I have a recipe that calls for 40 dried mushrooms. Would this be enough?
Does this product contain Sodium?
What country did this mushroom grow up?,,China? America?
Country where grown????? The questions below did not seem to get answered. Do not want food grown in China.
What is the country origin of this product?
In the description it says each package contains one cup of raw product. Does that mean there is one cup of dehydrated veggies in each pouch?
aree these freeze dried? I'm looking for lightweight for backpacking
How much do these increase in volume once rehydrated?
Follow up question. In total is there 15 cups of dehydrated product? It says "raw" but not sure what that means..
what are the veggies
Are these vegetables "freeze dried" or simply "dehydrated" or some other process of drying them? There's a difference in nutrient content.
what kind of dried vegetable
what is the expiration date on the packages? How long will they keep on the shelf before I open them?
Is there a list of what is in each packet? This looks interesting.
Can you give me a List the vegetables please?
what is the shelf life of these?
Does it say anywhere on the packaging or otherwise if these are sulfured?
Are the tomatoes in oil?
Can they be used in salads,when reconstituted ? Thanks.
Why aren't the cooking directions on either label?
Are there tomatoes in this mix? It is hard to tell by looking at it.
These are non-gmo, but are they organic?
Do they have to be cooked?,and if so for how long?
Would this be good to make soup in a crockpot or slow cooker?
Some of these dried veggy soup product are high in carrots or some other veggy instead of a nice even blend. It's hard to tell from the picture.
Are these considered "vegetable flakes"? I have a soup recipe that calls for them and was going to use these.
is there salt in these? thanks very much!
I have a recipe that calls for 2 oz. of dried vegetables. How many tablespoons would this be? Or cups?
Are the onions in this green onions (chives), or regular onion ?
stale
What are the flavours?
How many pieces come in a box? I need twenty pieces. Do I order one or two boxes?
What are the ingredients?
How many does one box serve?
Is this flour enriched with Folic Acid?
How many 12" pizzas will a 55 lb bag make?
2 months ago I purchased this product and it cost $15.00 to ship now it is $160.00 Whats the deal?
Has anyone compared the "Blue" label to the "Red" label Caputo flour for Pizza?
What was the shipping date or milling date for this product?
I need to have strong mint flavor AND strong green color.... Does this product fit the bill?
Are these fresh or dried?
Can you use dried leaves for making infusion water?
how long after ordering will the tea arrive?
can you use these leaves for making lotions and such?
Are your organic herbs irradiated?
How do I store this once opened?
Will this tint the water if making a simple syrup or lemonade?
How many cups of lavender flowers are in the one pound bag? I am planning on using these for making lavender salt and sugar. Has anybody done that?
Is it from the USA?
Is there a lot of stems and are they dried up and crunchy or nice and soft?
I hope to make sachets of loosely woven fabric. I plan to fill the sachets with the lavender. Xmas gifts. How long will the smell last?
What color is the powder?
How many sachets can I get out of each bag?
Is this for fragrant or for baking/cooking?
I'm looking for something very fragrant.. are they?
Is this absolutely non gmo or have any additives?
Is this "high clarity" hide glue?
What is the gram strength
tempering glass finalizes all measurements &amp; designs with no changes or adjustments possible after. can tempered glass be crackle finished or not?
how man candies in ea.bag?
who makes the candies?
Ingredients? Anyone has a list of them? I can't eat tapioca and I'm looking for a chew w/o it.
Can I use it for nausea, And what kind of flavour sweet or spicy?
How many calories in each?
Are they covered with chocolate? It appears they are looking at the bag on Amazon. Thanks.
Are these bags biodegradable?
Do these seriously cost that much? Why? How many bags do you get?
I wonder if you can use these bags to freeze food?
Are these bags white in color?
Can I use these bags on my covered indoor grill (Cuisanart) for small hamburgers, steak etc? Thank you, I don't want any problems or surprises, lol.
Are all If You Care products made in Sweden?
Can these bags be used to cook small items "en papillote"? (They are much cheaper that the parchment bags made for that.)
What are the dimensions of the bag?
This is supposed to be healthy, but I read that Coconut oil is used in Movie Theater popcorn. Isnt Movie popcorn very high in fat and calories?? Anyone know?? Thanks
I asked Snappy how this is process: It has no flavor because it is bleached &amp; processed. To obtain the butter flavor, you can add "flavacol"?
Why is the taste of this oil any different than just using plain coconut oil to pop corn with? Does this really taste like movie popcorn?
those of you that have used this does it have a butter flavor with out adding butter to it?
Does anyone buy this just to add to the Great Northern packs? When we go to the theater we like to load our popcorn up with extra butter.
What is the oil / popcorn ratio?
Is this oil good for high heat such as stir frying in wok?
How long does it store?
how much do I use
Does anyone have any other uses for this oil that they would like to share? Can this be used in baking products?
Looking for the special of OG 5 boxes for 103.00 can't seem to find the link anyone know?
Why is your product description not telling us how many sachets in this box? I would like to know how many sachets I am getting from the box.
I would like to know the ingredients in Organo gold gourmet cafe latte
Does anyone have any idea how much caffeine is in each packet?
What is the expiration date on the package?
what is the calorie count for one cup?
DO YOU SHIIP TO APO AP ADRESSES?
what are the directions for preparation of the packets
I received 2 organo gold g. coffe,so I was waiting only 1.My question is ,are you right or was a mistake,please let me now.thank you
The product picture says "4 pack" but the description says 30 sachets. Is it one box of 30, or four boxes of 30?
Is this Caf&eacute; Noir
How much coffee does one sachet make?
What is the expiration date?
Did the box contain 30 packets?
what is the expiratoin date
are these guaranteed fresh/unexpired?
does this coffee have a massive amount of caffine in it
so my package says it is halal, a product of Malaysia. What do they mean by halal
how much cafine in 1 cup
what country are these cloves from?
How fresh are these cloves? If you press on them do you see or feel oil?
Approximately how many cups of cloves does this 7 oz package contain?
Are the cloves whole or broken in pieces? I need them to be whole for a project.
Does anyone had a good recipe to use these in? I can't eat them as they are without wanting to gag (using for anti-parasitic qualities)?
How long will it keep? Can you freeze it to last longer?
is it organic?
is this tumeric root or is this powder?
For the one's the planted the turmeric roots.... How long did it take for the plant to start growing?
Is this turmeric the same curcumin?
Do you deliver to Europe for free (or what is your rate)?
Do these have rhizomes? Will they grow if planted?
How fresh is the turmeric root?
Is this turmeric organic?
Described as organic, but no USDA label. How is it grown and is it certified organic? If not, can it be sold as organic?
The picture is of Liquid Aminos, which doesn't match the title. Which is it?
How much protein does this product contain?
Isn't this just soy sauce?
Does this need refrigeration?
Is this product made in China?
Can you use this for baking/ cooking?
In terms of measuring how does it compare to sugar? Is 1 tsp the same as 1 tsp of sugar?
Is this product made in China?
Is it Non-GMO?
Is your Xylitol gluten and corn free?
Is your product GMO free?
What is the xylitol equivalent of sugar? I make custard using 1/2 cup sugar, 2 cups coconut milk &amp; 3 egg whites. I'd like to substitute the sugar.
Does anyone know how many calories per tablespoon are in this product?
Can this be dissolved in oil?
What is the ingredient list? Nutritional info would help too. thanks!
Hi All. I bought the ranch dressing and it arrived. I am a little confused as to how to make it. Please share how you mix it. Thanks
Do you need to use buttermilk? I live in a country where it is not available. Thanks
Does this product contain monosodium glutamate?
How many sachets per box?
what is the calorie count in one cup of cafe mocha?
what kind of sweetner is used in this product?
organo coffee how good
organo coffee how good
Is this gluten and dairy free?
Where is this made?
Where is this made?
what type of wood is it?
Just making sure: does this box come with tea bags? If so, what flavors and how many? Thank you.
Will the lid stay up on its own?
I just received this and cant open the latch. How does it open.
What are the dimensions of each compartment?
What color wood would you say this: Walnut, Cherry Oak or something else?
What are the dimensions of the box? I am wondering how high, deep and wide the box is.
Measurements?
Does this have caffeine in it?
what is the difference between chamomile and chamomile nights...does the chamomile nights contain valerian?
Chamomile
chamomile
Which color is the watermelon flavor? My boyfriend is allergic and I'd like to know if I could easily spot and pick those out.
I can't seem to find a listing of all the ingredients and nutrition details...am I missing something on the web site?
Can I store them in the fridge?
The price says a) 15.29/lb, and b) 5lb bag is 15.29. Which?
When can I get this gummy bears?
is this for 1.5lb or 5lb?
Just want to verify that these are gluten free and vegan?
what age can you start feeding these?
Is their any dairy or soy (other than soy lecithin) in these? Could someone provide an ingredients list? Thank you. PS: Can we all lobby AMZ to demand ingredients lists for ALL food products?
does this containcaffein
does this containcaffein
Is this Dark Chocolate or Coffee that tastes like dark chocolate?
One of the ingredients is Sucralose and I usually hate the taste of artificial sweeteners. Can anyone taste it in this?
What is the calorie and carb count?
How many "total carbs" per serving?
ingredients?
Does Kirkland have a website? I can't find anything on your company.
I would like to ask the shelf-life to what time?
Where does "Kirkland" get it's cashews? From what countries? I hear India has the best although that may be up for argue
Do the mixed nuts include peanuts?
what is the difference from the "extra fancy mixed nuts" ($24.99)? Thanks!
You dont say salted or unsalted? Why?
Is the salt iodized?
If it's roasted, why the label didn't mention? It's not raw or dry roasted, then how was it roasted, what was added in it?
Are the Kirkland mixed nuts roasted? As it not labeled might meant fried with oil used repeatedly, hence the nuts is unhealthy.
I know that these jars of mixed nuts sell for less than $15 in Costco retail stores. Why are they so extraordinarily expensive here?
when they say "mini" do they mean the size of the bears or the packages? I'm asking b/c I'm looking for the mini sized bears. we got some for Halloween last year and the kids loved them. they are a great snack to pack in their lunchboxes
Where are these made?
What is the expiration date on these?
what is the box big size
I really need to know if these have any pork in them? Can anyone find out please?
Will the packets fit inside Easter eggs?
dairy free peanut free?
What is the serving size? What is the fat, carb and protein content of these mini gummis/bag?
Does anyone know the measurements of the little baggies?
Does the box come included?
If I order today 1/7/15, what is the exiration date on the box?
If I order these today 4/22/14 when is the expiration date. Please provide the date on the packages. Thanks
I'd like to order these but I want to know the expiration date of the current shipments you have.
what are the ingredients?
what is the expiration date on the ones you are currently selling?
I'd like to place an order but what is the expiration date of the ones you currently have?
Does this contain other ingredients or is it 100% coconut?
Is this just coconut butter?
Is it cold pressed?
how many do you get?
can I make whip cream using this?
would like to easily find the calories, fat &amp; sugar content on the site can you give me this information..Thanks
Anyone else having problems, when making pancakes, the pancake is still wet/gooey?
How long before the boxes expire?
How is it possible that there are 500 reviews and ALL are 5 star? The reviews are fake!
How long is the shelf life if I purchase the 6 box mix?
what is salt content per serving per back label?
is this Kosher?
is this pancake mix really worth triple the price that Aunt Jemima costs?
are the ingredients GMO?
does this choclate have any aspartam?
Is this chocolate processed with peanuts?
How many calories per bar?
What brand of stevia is used? Stevia is now GMO genetically engineered by some companies. Some stevia is all natural.
How many carbs in a bar?
Is your organic 98% cocoa non-alkaline?
What is the unit weight?
Where does the fiber come from?
Where does the fiber come from?
you didn't answer the question fully. what are the fruit flavors? cherry,grape, orange?
What flavors and how many jelly beans per pound (jelly belly size or larger "traditional" size)?
Is your product tree nut and peanut free?
Can these be stored in the freezer to increase shelf life?
Are these kosher?
Are the pieces are individually wrapped? I need them individually wrapped. Please confirm.
Are these individually wrapped or not?
Need bit o honey for a baby shower favor,about how many pieces are in a 5 lb bag?
What is the name of the company who makes this candy ( bit o honey)
What will be the expiration date on the candy should I place the order today?
Do you lay the sheets crosswise? With only 3 sheets per layer there are gaps in between noodles and at the edges.
How does this small box make a 9 x 13 pan? Per directions, the small sheets will expand while baking to the end of the dish? How could that happen?
how long do they last
Can I prepare the lasagne two days before I cook it
How wide and long is each sheet?
how do I put the oven ready lasagna in the pan before baking?
So it says 4 pack, does that mean 4 boxes will be shipped?
Fair trade?
Can you use water or "milk"?
can you tase the licorace root. the just like sugar brand is very orangey
Contain soy?
What is the sugar substitute?
does it have corn oil
what about trans fats?
Will this fit any brand of coffee capsule?
Will the Eco-Brew reusable K Cups fit in this carousel?
i'd like to know why the black model is 54.00 and the red model is 13.00? i need the black model. but im not paying 3-4 x's more for it. thnx.
Does this fit the standard size k-cup?
what is is made of?
Will the single cup pods fit in this rack? I just purchased a rack and the pods for the mini Keurig fall right through the loops.
How much salt is in it ?
what does the 20mg colosteral mean what kind? good cholesteral,,?
What is the shelf life of this? Does it have to stay in the refrigerator or can it be set out?
effective for weight gain?
How much lactose is in these drinks?
Hi, can you tell us the amounts of heavy metals in this drink (lead, mercury, arsenic), if any?
I ordered the Organic by accident. I have used the Vanilla Bean for years. Is there a difference in taste?
is there dairy in it
Why did your price go up $8?
Does it work well for weight loss? Does it keep you feeling full?
Does this product still contain carrageenan gum?
why did the price jump up
what is the caloric ,sugar &amp; carb count in one pkg?
how many calories?
Has anyone had trouble opening the containers?
is it normal for this product to arrive without seal?
Can anyone point me to where to get another product similar to the original much superior Orgain?
Does this contain SOY?
Is this truly vegan since whey protein is a byproduct of whey?
Have the changed formula concerns been addressed? I wanted to buy the product, but not after reading the latest reviews.
Is it possible to have these shipped with Cold Packs to help during the summer heat/prevent melting?
About how many kisses does this include? Thanks!
How are they packaged within the box? Daughters wedding is in Oct and want to get them bought. Will they keep fresh for 4 months unopened?
Does your packaging include the contents/ingredients label?
What color combinations are included in this package?
Anyone know how many gummy worms are in a package?
Does this product contain gelatin as an ingredient? Is the source of gelatin (pork, beef, fish, etc.) mentioned?
Can just the elephant lollipops be ordered?
Do they taste good?
Is there an expiry date? How long can you keep these ahead of use?
I really need these but only if they are kosher. Do you know if they have any kosher label on them? If so, what is it? Thanks!
Where is that made? China,USA?
Are these kosher?
You said you think it is made in USA.You are the Seller and I need to know for sure where is that made,please?
I need translation on the direction to cook all in vietnamese
Is this vegetarian? I'm Vegan. "Beef" flavor paste is made with soy, but I think dried spices would last longer.
Does this contain MSG?
Does this contain the actual coriander and star anise, etc like in traditional pho? Also, how difficult is it to make? Is it like a bouillon?
will this work with the DaVinci bottles?
Some early 2014 reviewers said they received generic white pumps, not Torani gold pumps. What are you shipping now (Jan 2015)?
Any special way to clean the new pumps?
will they fit 375 ml bottles?
will this pump work with DaVinci syrup bottle?
How do you start the pump working? It's screwed on - what do I do now?
Will these fit the 750ml bottles of Jordan's syrups as well?
Are these the color shown or are they white?
Will these fit the 1 liter bottles of Torani?
Pump volume consistency? Description says 1/4 (0.25) oz per pump. Has anyone tested how consistent this is? Thanks!
are these raw seeds?
are they peanut free?
How many servings per package? How many tablespoons per servings? Other brands state 12 gram of fiber per 3 tablespoon serving.
Is it organic?
Is this brand free of pesticides and/or organic?
cals for serving?
Would this be like the equivalent of peanut butter powder? I'm looking for a powdered almond butter, basically.
Can you please provide ingredients list?
With this powder can I make almond milk?
is this made in China?
how to use? Can you tell me if it can be just mix with hot water??
Is this 8 O'clock "Original" EXACTLY the same as the others with equal description but in other size bags (12oz f. example) or different label design?
what i s this "eight o'clock coffee? is it columbian, african, indonesian - what?
What has been your experience if you used the Subscribe and Save
Bought 42 oz bag - loved it: Vacuum sealed. Then bought two 24 oz "add on" bags; not vacuum sealed - not as good. Is this 42 oz bag vacuum sealed??
What roast is this coffee? Light, medium, dark, very very dark?
Anyone know if this is good for super automatic espresso machines? I am wondering if these beans are oily?
is this Columbian?
what kind of coffee is "eight o'clock" - is it columbian, african, indonesian - what country does it come from? don't just say it's arabica beans
Clarity on what we receive: So we get six 12.5 ounce bags, which is 192 fun sized bars, right?
How many candy bars are in the 12.5 ounce bag?
In 6 bags at 16 per bag that's only 96 candy bars and not 9295. Am I missing something in the calculation?
In total with all 6 bags, how many bars are you getting? I realize it already says 30-40 in a different question, but I wanted to confirm.
Approximately how many bars do you get??
Would it be strong enough to taste in a smoothy. I make then with almond milk and various frozen fruits. Also sweeten with Stevia. Low calorie?
How do I know how much to flavor ice cream?
Can i have the Ingredients please?
Can i have the Ingredients please?
Can these be frozen and for how long?
Can the company selling this product please clarify the number of packages of cookies in 1 order for $29.50?
how many in the order?
How many packages of cookies are in this order?
is the can bpa free?
are these the whole fish - with heads, eyes, bones, tails, etc? the description says "whole portions" but just wanted to confirm. thanks.
Needs a can opener or not?
The box shown says "in water" instead of "Spring Water". Please clarify. I have had those sardines before and the box "Spring Water" on mine.
How do you eat sardines? Would love to hear some suggestions and recipes. Thanks!
does the label say citric acid? pleeeze answer. appreciate it!
The can says pacific caught yet the web description says California caught, the can also says processed in Vietnam. Where are the sardines from?
Are they long or wide sardines?How many per can?
Is there an estimate of how long and wide each stem is? I realize this would just be an average, but any idea would help.
How do you ship to South Texas - Fed ex or UPS?
I need these for a 12/12/14 wedding - when should I order without having to pay overnight costs?
How long are these stems? I have 20 inch vases i need to submerge the orchid stems in..
Hi ,I need the fresh orchids (10 white dendrobium and 5 purple ) Friday, May 16 .When do I have to order them?
If I need these dendrobium white orchids by Wednesday, June 11 in Wake Forest, NC, when should I order?
I want to order orchids from you,but am also ordering other Amazon items. I won't need the orchids for about 3 weeks. Can I delay delivery?
if i order by april 30th, when would i receive them?
planning to submerge the orchids - will only need about 6 inches of blooms - would I be able to cut one stem in half?
If I want to the dendrobium orchids to submerge for a dinner on Friday, May 9 in Jackson, MS, when should I order?
How is the presentation? Do they come stacked in plastic wrap, a box, etc.
How is the presentation? Do they come stacked in plastic wrap, a box, etc.
How is the presentation? Do they come stacked in plastic wrap, a box, etc.
How tall are the orchids and how tall is the vase?
Do the flowers bloom? My Mother In law's flowers are not blooming
are the elephants included
are they sent in a box?
where are able to deliver to, world?
I need the flowers for a birthday on Feb 3rd. There is no place to put when I need them and I don't want them to come early, what should I do?
How tall is the vase?
where do they ship from?
Tomorrow is a holiday. Will the flowers still be delivered tomorrow?
How do you send a card with flowers and not include receipt?
is this the original flavor? or the new tangerine or mango flavors?
I want to order this but want to make sure it is the tangerine flavor. How can I do that?
Does it have artificial sweeteners
How do you expect anyone to buy this product without telling us the amounts of the various ingredients? I mean is it 100mcg or 100g melatonin ?
What are the ingredients of Neuro Sleep?
Has anyone tried half a bottle Sleep to see if it does the trick? Because at one/night, even if purchased at a store, we're talking $900 annually!
Once a bottle of Neuro Sleep is opened, how long will it be good in the refrigerator?
where do i get my free sample advertised on jimmy Kimmel
WHERE IS MY SHIPMENT???
I keep looking for this product at the retailers suggested on the company's website under store locator, I can't find it. What dept should I look in?
Is it worth the money? Should i just find one somewhere else?
What do you feed It?
does it come with a pot
How many traps were growing when you received it?
i live in sanbernardino can it still live over here?
Do they outgrow the pot they are in planted in?
will this plant live in low light?
how beg do it gets
Did it come with soil or moss?
What do I feed it? Can I feed it with chropped beef or shrimp in really small size?
can they be shipped to a p.o. box and you guys just leave in the p.o. box
How long are the "long stemmed" orchids?
are these already in bloom?
There is conflicting information here about whether the items can be placed in advance (with a note in the gift box message) or the order has to be made closer to the date of the delivery. Please elaborate.
Hi, i would like these orchids to be delivered on the 4th of Nov in Brownsville Texas, when shall i place the order to have it delivered on that date.
Do you remove the water tubes and cut the stems under running water like most flowers? They are on their way to me now.
Do you remove the water tubes and cut the stems under running water like most flowers? They are on their way to me now.
are these are fragrant orchids? I am looking to make a lei that smells nice.
can i pay extra and have a vase with this package?
To get next day delivery, what shipping speed do we select and how much does that cost?
Is this blend of DE ground coffee most like the liquid version used in restaurants! I'm dying to get something as close to that as possible. So good.
Is this the new packaging for this product? it looks different.
is this item instant coffee? Or can it be brewed in a normal coffee maker?
Has anyone tried both Medium Roast and Aroma Rood, I would like to know if the Medium Roast is simply stronger or if it has a different flavor.
Does Douwe Egberts make a decaffeinated coffee, and if so, what do those that have tried it have to say about its taste?
What are the ingredients in Ball / Bernardin Pickle Crisp besides calcium chloride?
Is this the product I would use to keep my bananna peperrs crisp?
is this the same as "cal" as the latin markets have for making nixtamal?
Is this the same as the dill flex batch pickle mix without the seasonings? I'm trying to understand what my choices are.
do you think this would work in canned potato's as well?
Could Pickle Crisp be used in non-pickle canning? Could it be used to keep sweet potatoes, or whole tomatoes from turning mushy?
Will this work in keeping green beans more crisp or firmer?
What is the difference between pickling salt and regular salt?
Is this the same ingredient (calcium hydroxide)used in making masa harina for tortillas?
Does this work with vinegar-based pickles which has NO salt or little salt ?
is it stone pressed?
Why isn't the bottle in darker color to protect the nutritious of the olive oil from the damaging sun light?
is there a best used date on the bottle ?
It appears to be a glass container, is that true?
Is it good for cooking or not?
Are these the just add hot water and eat out of the container soup? Are there pieces of diced chicken it this soup?
Does this item have the little noodles or the new big noodles?
how many boxes of 5 do you get?
Is there anyway to store them for long periods if I am not making kefir on a daily basis?
Can these be used to make coconut MILK keifer?
My grains did not ferment. I have been waiting for more than 24 hours. I placed them in I cup of milk.
what measurable quantity is in the package?
what is the carb content in Kefir?
I have a kefir fruit smoothie for breakfast each morning. Is it OK to add some of the kefir grains to the mix?
Can these be used to make coconut water kefir?
I received my order two days ago. Placed grains on milk, after than more than 24 hours still no fermentation. . What can I do?
Can you please tell me what country these grains are from? Thank you.
Where are the instructions that were supposed to be shipped with this product?
Are you supposed to soak these in water? And if so how long? BTW this is for a mapo dofu dish that I'm desperately trying to perfect, thank you~ ^^
Is the Soy used here GMO free?
Do you rinse them off first with water and then how to store them?
Since Monsanto controls the Chinese soy bean market (according to Wikipedia), then presumably these are some of Monsanto's finest soy beans?
I like fish flavored nori, does this one have fishy taste?
Where is this nori from? Thanks!
Have these been tested for radiation from the Fukishima nuclear power plant?
How can I combine shipping on multiple orders to the same address? Thanks.
Hi I'm getting married August of 2015 however I wanted to know about how long is each stem?
Hello, I am getting married November 2, 2014 and really need this product to be delivered on time. Can i order it now an advance?
In the description, it lists Saturday delivery but in the answers below, you indicated only Mon-Fri delivery. Can you deliver on Sat for Mother's day?
I plan to purchase and want delivered either Friday or Saturday for mothers day. Should I purchase on this Tuesday or wait till Wednesday?
when are they delivered
Can these cross over into Canada duty free if shipped to Washington state?
what is the carb count?
Are these crackers vegan friendly
what is the carb and fiber count on these. I'm counting carbs and looking for a good snack
Will this k-cups carousel hold verismo pods? Thanks!
Since a carousel swivels, how do you keep it stationary while inserting and removing the K-cups?
I'm interested in buying the re-usable filter, however I have the Model B31 Mini plus Keurg brewer. Will this fit my brewer?
Does this have any kind of rubber bottom like the similar Home-It product?
Any idea if I can use this for Dolce Gusto pods?
Is the diameter on this carousel actually 7"?
Will this hold the new K-carafe that's deeper than a K-cup?
Does the 13 inch height include the turning ball on top
"does it fit nespresso ristretto coffee capsules?"
Does this come with K-cups, or are they seperate?
Is it one can or two can??
Are the 2 cans stuck together in a way that I wouldn't be able to separate them and give 1 to a friend as a gift without it being obvious i did that?
I'm looking for a SUPER dark chocolate drink. Is this drink very sweet? If so, what do you all recommend as a dark (but not too bitter) drink?
What's the percentage of cocoa?
Is it one can or two can??
Did you get two cans? ie; pack of two
Approximately how many cups per can?
what are the ingredients?
What is the expiration date?
Is it very slippery, hard to control the size you want to stick with? Thanks!
How are these fastened? Is it a clip or belt type fastner?
are thes collars adjustable at all? i have a couple kittens i want to get these for so they aren't full grown yet
Are these seeds grown in the USA?
Are the white sesame seeds roasted or raw?
Where are these grown?
Just noting that the package does not say organic. It says natural. That is not the same thing. Why does someone think it is organic?
Will these seeds sprout ?
is there four pounds of seeds or just one? the wording is confusing.
Where are these seeds grown?
Could you clarify how many ounces come in one order. It states 16 oz bags (pack of 4) which would be 64 ounces, but by the price it says for 32 oz
Is this organic? Not GMO ?
1 person said there are stalks and 1 said dirt and sand was in their bag of seeds and it damaged their teeth. How many others have had this happen?
4 Pounds is a great deal but a lot of Chia. I see reridgeration is recommended. What is the shelf life for an unopened bag?
Is this product non-GMO and / or Organic?
is it organic
What country is Bob's Chia grown?
Is this product gluten free? I don't see it on the package front.
Are these black or white seeds?
Are they considered organic?
expiration, how long do they keep?
Where are the Chia Seeds from? China?
Is this in a glass jar, if not it will not keep,for long.
When does the 4-pack expire?
Does the Dukes mayonnaise Made with olive oil taste the same as the regular Dukes?
Is Dukes mayonnaise GMO-free?
How long can i keep one jar open?
Are they sugar free?
Are these compatible with Keurig 2.0? The newer ones are, but if they have been in stock for a while, they might not be.
why is 24 cups by 2, cheaper than if you buy the 48 cups? am i missing something?
Is the Hazelnut decaf coffee water pressed or made decaf with chemicals?
Do they need to be roasted before eating?
what weight is it?
If I plant them will they grow?
If I plant them will they grow?
how many pieces are their?
Is this unhealthy? How much sugar does it have?
The picture shows the last flavor as peach but the description says melon. So which flavor does it come with?
Grateful to anyone willing to take the time to share the full ingredient list!
The picture shows for me, apple, mango, strawberry, grape and cherry flavors, is this correct? Can I swap out flavors?
What is the most popular flavor hi chew?
can you please specify the flavors??
Is the shell edible?
When they say raw, does that mean it hasn't been pasturized? I'm just wondering if these has been heated any ?
Do you peel these? Some people complained of having to peel each bean, but others sounded as if they consumed them as is.
Hi, I opened a bag of these around Christmas but never finished... forgot about them! Anyway, it's now mid-April- still safe to eat you think?
Do these beans ground up easily?
How many beans are in an ounce?
Is it normal for the plant to flower without leaves? I received plant 3 weeks ago. it has grown no leaves but now flowers are appearing.
Is this plant organic?
how do you care for this plant??
The description says it's a great indoor plant. How much direct sunlight does this plant need?
We live in SE Florida. Are these plants intended for this geographic area with its' environment? Thanks much.
how manture are the plants when shipped? How long until they bear fruit/what can I do to encourage fruit growth?
What is the expiration date on the Fat Free 1000 Island dressing individual packages...Also do you have any packages that have assorted flavors of FF
Since it is now July 2014, if I were to order right now, what is the expiration date of the packets? I'd need them to last a few months.Please check
Hi there, if I put in an order TODAY, what is the expiration date of the packets that you would be sending out? Is it still July 2014?
i have seen one my friend has one...is it worth buying?
What is the expiration date on your product ?
since you posted 3/24//13 as expiry date isn't it already expired?
is this a big bottle
is this a big bottle
is this idem durable
Is this a GMO free product?
how much sodium is in the seaweed chips?
Do these snacks have a fishy odor or fishy taste?
is this product made in USA
is it gluten free
Do they have a little 'crunch' to them?
Does this product contain Omega 3?
I love these - but why do they use Canola Oil? Most canola oil is GMO. Very disappointing because these are wonderful snacks except for that.
I would like to know the calories and carbs in this?
baking
How many 1/2 teaspoons per container? I'm trying to figure out how many servings I'll get, thank you.
Caffeine content
Price increases monthly now $70 for 5oz! Any suggestions for other brands to try let me know please. thanks!
Is this tea grown in the Shizuoka Prefecture region?
where is japan is this grown?
How is the taste in comparison to the 1st Harvest? Is this matcha bitter or astringent when made the traditional way (hot water + matcha)?
how do we know if this is affected by the radiation in japan as many green teas are now - that come from there?
I believe the tea has been affected by the radiation.Wind,rain &amp; water has carried it everywhere.Has anyone had it tested?
is this a tea that you can drink just by itself or does it have to be mixed with another beverage--and how often can you drink it--thanks
How long is shelf life?
is it bleached white rice or naturally white ? And does it still contain the bran or has it been cleaned away ?
Is this white or brown rice?
Is this a Nestle or Pierrier product? Neither company is earth friendly.
What is the ph?
ingredients?
what is the sugar content of sparkling ice?
is the bottle glass or plastic worry about the shipping to hawaii
are all sparkling ice drinks gluten free?
does it have surgar
IS IT CAFINE FREE
I was wondering if this is sold as a 12 fl oz can instead of a bottle?
Is this product Kosher?
what are all the flavors
What flavors come in the Variety Pak
Does sparkling ice contain artificial sweeteners?
Added sweetners? Sugar or artificial sweeteners?
is there a stock symbol for your product
Wait. When did the price jump from $20 to $125 for a case of 30? And what's this "ships from Thailand? It's made in the US.
How does this compare to the "ICE" product?
What are the exact ingredients in this product?
What is the PH of the water?
Does anyone know if these have citric acid? I can't find ingredients on the page, and for medical reasons, I have to stop citric Acid, but need ca
Every time I receive my order, the UPS driver tries to get my husband to bring the water into the house himself. Last month we never got it.
What are the flavors, the description has question marks in it and I do not like black cherry. Thank you.
Is there a deposit on the bottles in New York State? Are the bottles recyclable?
Why did the subscription suddenly end and the price sky rocket without warning for black raspberry
how much sugar is in sparklin ice?
How can Sparkling Ice contain 3% Fruit Juice and have No Calories? What fruit juice has no calories?
Are the bottles PBA free?
What is the difference between sparkling and water?
What is Sparklin water?
I get 12 packs for $3 in the grocery store. They only carry lemonaide though. Why is every other flavor so expensive?
Does this actually contain any black raspberry natural flavor or juice? Blackberries are not the same as black raspberries!
Does this product have caffeine in it?
where can I buy crisp apple sparkling ice
what is the current expiration date?
what is the expiration date on these packets?
What is the expiration date on these packets?
How many calories per packet? The nutritional information is lacking.
with shell or without shell
Do they use sea salt?
why does 32 oz cost less than 16 oz?
Is this packaged and bought as one (1) 32oz BAG for $14.57? Why does description say 'BAGS', plural?
I want with the shell, is this order with or without shells
how many people have found maggots in the bag? I just did!
I've been eating these all along but now questioning are the organic or not?
Do these have Worms?
I ordered this, but there was no dry ice in the box. It was melted and leaking. Why?
So, are all of these packs frozen? If so, how long can they remain in your freezer?
How is this shipped? I've heard it must be frozen...
How many packages are in a large case?
Do you ship to Singapore?
do you ship to hawaii?
Hi, sorry to ask but my amazon knowledge is hindered. Do you ship to Puerto Rico, how much will the shipping be and when would I receive it? Thank you!
Can these be shipped to The United Kingdom?
can you ship it to russia?
I'm in Hawaii so do you ship it frozen??
how long after expiration date can you use it? I have a 2 yr. old jar
organic? Is this cinnamon considered REAL cinnamon?
Does this product contain coumarin
is it really cinnamon
Once opened must bottles be refrigerated? Or can they be safely put in a cabinet?
These are in plastic or glass bottles?
What about carbs on these? Can someone post? Thanks
Are any of these syrups gluten free?
Are the bottles in this variety pack sweetened with splenda or are they sweetened with something else?
I like some of this variety pack but not all. Can I mix and match the ones I order? (Like 3 caramel, 3 chocolate?)
Do they taste chemically? Leave a weird aftertaste?
can you use it in bakeing
are certain syrups just for coffee and some Iced tea If you buy regular is this non-sweetened n sugar added? Thanks, Trucchi
Do they contain alcohol ?
how much sugar in a serving
Never used coffee syrup; do you add anything else with it?
How many carbs are in these syrups?
Can these be used in baking, such as cheesecakes
How much does one typically add to 8 oz of coffee?
Does anyone happen to know how long of a shelf life this product has? Thank you!
Is there a way to sub any of the flavours?
Can someone advise if these Torani syrups are good for use in shaved ice/sno cones?
Are these glass bottles?
I bought stevia and it has a horrible aftertaste. I want to try Truvia but I'm skeptical...looking for a healthy Splenda replacement. Anyone?
are these individual packets or 1 big bag?
What is the weight of each packet? It seems different sizes of this product have different size packets.
Does truvia come from a leaf that's all natural ingredients?
whats the difference between Truivia by diamond (box has a red strawberry on it) and truvia by truvia apart from the $1 price difference?
What's the net wt. of this box?
what causes sensor to malfunction?
Why "unsalted" nuts? Does it work with salted nuts?
what can you put in the machine?
Materials: Is this item all plastic?
The picture on the bottle is not Ceylon Cinnamon (Cinnamomum zeylanicum), but the cheaper and more common Cinnamomum Cassia. Is the variety stated?
is this cinnamon grown in sir lanka?
How much coumarin does this product contain?
Are there any other ingredients in this product?
does this come safety sealed..ie..plastic band on outside or foil seal like asprin on inside?? Thanks.
how low is the coumarin in your cinamon?
i understand that sir lanka is not the only place where ceylon cinnamon is grown, but it is the best if from sir lanka, therefore trying to verify.
Is this better than Torani Caramel sugar free syrup?
Is the sugar free caramel syrup gluten free?
Does the bottle need to be refrigerated after opening? Also, is there an expiration date? 3 bottles will last me forever! Thanks---
does this come with a pump?
On the bottom of the plastic bottle it should say what type of plastic? Wondering if BPH free?
Is the bottle glass or plastic?
How to create an easy latte as good as Starbucks:
what is the difference between davinci carmel syrup and davinci carmel gourmet syrup? there must be something as price is different. it's NOT shippi
Do these come in glass bottles?
What are the measurements of the shipping container? I need to know if this will be delivered to my door if it's shipped by USPS or left in the pedestal mailbox as usual.
is plastic BPA free?
what is BPA?
How do you read the expiration date?
How do you read the expiration date?
is this shipped usps or ups
Do these come in plastic bottles?
why does it cost $45.67 ? I paid $21.48 on Dec 15th 2013 for a 12 pack of 33.8 oz bottles
Hi, I'm not sure you got my other message, I would like to get 2 bottles blueberry, 2 bottles peach , and 2 bottles toasted marshmellow all sugar fre
What sugar substitute is used? Thankx
Hard to pour quickly a controlled amount. Anyone found a better spout to screw on the bottle?
Does this come with a pump?
do you carry other flavors?
How many Carbs are in a serving?
Are the bottles glass or plastic?
How much caffeine is in the sugar free version?
how many servings are in the liquid concentrate sugar free?
Can you make it in k cups?
Does this have an expiration date? If so, when?
Does this version contain artificial sweeteners?
How Many Carbs in an 12oz serving made with 2% milk?
Why do you offer this flavor but not the Original flavor concentrate in a pack of 6 cartons?
How long will this concentrate stay good without opening?
I've been purchasing the 58oz two pack via subscribe and save for a while now at $0.36/oz after my discount. Why has the price more than doubled?!?!
One difference we see on the new packaging is that it is no longer referred to as "Extra-Virgin", now it is just "Virgin". Why is that?
Is this still in a clear, see through container as pictured? They have changed their packaging to opaque so I can't see its purity.
I'm don't understand the pricing; Why does the 2-pack of 54oz jars (each) cost more than 2 of the single 54oz jars with shipping?
I currently use canola or sunflower oil when I fry things, will I be able to replace them with this? Will it smoke when I get it to a high heat?
Has anyone used this for oil pulling?
Is this oil extra virgin, or virgin? New labelling says it's virgin, so just want to confirm. Thank you!
Do things taste like coconut when fried in it?
Does it come in a glass jar?
Is this oil classified as raw?
Thanks for the answers!
How good isit for your health regarding this no sugar added vanilla powder
What is milk tea powder is used to buy at the Coffee Bean?This pwoder?
Does it have vanilla bean dark specks? Also, can I make vanilla bean frap with no coffee ... would it blend well??
This item is vanilla no sugar? Is it bitter? And how about if I just want to buy one can only? Thank you very much
can i use it to make yoqurt?
Can I use these in a regular Kureg machine that takes k-cups
Hello, do you know if this capsule fits into the CBTL machine? The capsules in your picture look like the CBTL ones (which are shorter than the K cup
Are these capsuls campatible with the Nespresso machine?
What is this made of being that it has no sugar, fat or carbs? Is this good for you or at all natural ingredients? Thanks.
does walden products have msg? i have a bottle that says it does
Is this sweetened with Monk fruit?
Why is this item being sold for so much money? Why would anyone pay $10 bucks? Walden website sell it for $3.99.
does it have caffeine
How do you brew it over ice? Can you use the regular Keurig coffee maker?
Does anyone know what it is sweetened with? thanks
What is the expiration date?
Will these Half and Half K-Cups work in a Keurig 2.0 Brewer?
how many calories in each cup
Do they rare like powder taste or cow milk?
Much know the expiration date befor purchase? May not have a long enough exp.date for time of use?
Hi, can i freeze them?
What is the expiration date, please?
Are they one like used in Duncan donut shops
Anyone know what chemicals are in mini moos?
does this need to be refigerated
What is the shelf life of this product?
is it certified kosher
How many cups of tea can you get from each bag? (I know sometimes a repour will give you an extra, albeit weak, cup with certain teas)
Is there alcohol in this group ?
how many tea bags are there?
Does this collection contain the silken pyramid tea infusers?
Do you need any special equipment to brew/use these teas?
Are these teas caffeine free?
What is the dimension of the pyramid box? How many pyramid boxes are there in the gift set (are there two infusers per box)?
Is the carbonation equal to that of old fashioned bottled seltzer?
How many cans come in this shipment? It says pack of 24 - 12 oz cans? Seems pricey!
I read that canned seltzer water has an indefinite shelf life. Is this true? Is there and expiration date on this?
Why is there sodium in this seltzer (10mg per 12 fl oz can)?
Are the cans BPA Free?
What is the can lined with?
Does it have enough carbonation to last awhile say, 15 to 30 minutes or so?
what is the sodium content in each can?
where is it canned? is water source fluoridated?
which Blue Sky beverages are manufactured/canned in City of Corona?
Are the cans BPA Free?
are they gluten free?
Does it contain gelatin?
does this contain "licorice mass"?
What you ship out, is it manufactured in Germany or Turkey, or USA?
flavors?
What stores sells this product?
is this the regular tea or extra strength?
About how many are in 1/2 pound? Thanks.
It says 1/2 pound vanilla beans, that would be 8 oz. Says shipping weight is 6.4 ounces. How can that be?
I don't see a grade for these..Are these Grade A or B?
Do the beans themselves have any sugar content? I'm not talking about additives - Does vanilla itself contain sugar?
Does anyone know how long these would last in the fridge in the unopened packaging? I bought these 16 months ago for a project and didn't use them.
What size are the beans and are they whole beans?
Is there a technical analysis document, or flavor ID sheet for these?
I follow a non alcohol consumption lifestyle. Would you please tell me that do you use any kind of alcohol in the ripening process of the beans?
It says 3 boxes pack of 6. Does this mean 6 total boxes or 18 boxes? Thank you.
Hi, This says its a 3 pack then a 6 pack of 3 packs, so 18 total?
Do I have to make it in he microwave or is it already popped?
3 box @ 3 oz per box. shipping weight 5.2 lbs. 9 ozs of popcorn ships @ 5.2 lbs. Am I missing something?
Is it vegetarian and Gluten free?
What flavour is this? Is there any way to contact the seller?
Is this the original German brand or imported from China?
Do these contain Salt and/or MSG? Thanks...JJ
do you have djon djon Maggi cubes?
Is this a BPA lining free container?
How (the eff) do you pour from a brand new 3L container without slopping all over the place?
How do you open the can?
blend? some reviews bust it out as being not 100% so not what I was hoping for. Best stick to what I was refered to. Ariston
Do you notice much of a difference in taste between this product (Greek Kalamata oil) and other Italian or Spanish EVVO's? If so, how so?
Is it pure greek extra virgin olive oil
if I purchase today what is the harvest date on the bottle i will receive?
One reviewer says he starts the "must" at about 75 degrees. What is the actual process and what is a must?
DO I HAVE TO ACTIVATE IT, OR CAN I JUST USE IT AS IS?
what are the exact ingredients please?
Again, thanks for so much good information. I'm just wondering what you use for a container for long term againg, and for getting must started in.
will it be ship in a non marked bag?
how many packs for making 5 gallons
Whar is the expiration date on this yeast?
Hi Could you please tell me the expiration date of these? I need it to have minimum of two years, is that possible?
if i add the bentonite after my yeast will it hurt the wine
What is the shelf life of this yeast if kept in the fridge?
Is this product Non-GMO or Free from Genetic Engineering (GE) ?? I am looking for NON-GMO foods as well as Gluten Free. Thank You
Can you post a picture of the ingredient list please? I need to know what else is in this product other than rice or corn flour.
Does anyone know the carb count?
what are the ingredients?
Are the expiry dates clearly marked on your products?
it says pack of 20, pick however says 5?
does the label really say that its produced in a facility that also uses wheat?
What is the expiration date on these? I realize it will vary, but is it typically a few weeks or months or a year out?
was it sour?
What is gluon delta lactone?
Why does it taste sour do I have to refrigerate it?
How long will this keep on the shelf once opened (and not go rancid?) Can you store it in a cupboard? (It can be unrefrigerated?) Thanks!
Does this need to be heated to use it as a topping?
Can you use it as an oil to pop corn in a Great Northern popcorn machine
How long will this keep on the shelf once opened (and not go rancid?) Can you store it in a cupboard? (It can be unrefrigerated?) Thanks!
Is this oil for "butter" topping, or for cooking the popcorn kernels in?
as good as Paragon coconut oil? Can anyone say if this is as good or better/worse than the Paragon coconut oil?
how big is the bottle opening? I know it sounds weird but im trying to find a pump for it and im not sure if it will fit it. the pump I found fits a 1 1/4 opening, will it work?
Chances are if this is made with soybean oil, it is GMO. Anybody know for sure one way or the other?
Is there a reason the gift card would not be included in the gift?
can I have it arrive on a certian date
What items does it contain?
Can a gift basket be delivered free to another address in same area of California
Why are substitutions of basket and contents allowed, though the item description does not state that substitutions of illustrated basket and contents are what will be delivered?
are the crackers gluten free?
Are these jugs BPA free?
Is this bla free
Is this bla free
Is this made of PETE (recycle number 1)? I need PETE for home brewing.
How tall are these containers? I need to fit them in a 13.5" space under a dinette seat in a camper trailer.
Is each tea bag individually wrapped?
I'm new to breakfast tea. Does this taste similar to regular black teas (e.g. Newman's Own Royal Tea)?
Do these contain whole tea leaves? How does the quality compare to loose leaf?
this compared to the 1 pound bag of loose leaf tea, would you get more in the 1 pound bag compared two a 3 pack of this? and estimate is okay, thanks!
I wish tea companies listed the caffeine content, does anyone know?
does it have caffeine?
I love the Breakfast Blend and wanted to know if anyone has tried cold brewing them. I wanted to know how many bags/gallon did you use and how long ?
It says 18-count (Pack of 3). Can you confirm that 54 teabags are shipped?
Hi Marty! Does this caul fat look like a honeycomb?
Can Caul Fat be frozen, and if so how long does it keep vac packed and frozen
Where can I purchase just a pound or two? 10lbs is far too much.
Can you please post the ingredients list? Some of these use soy or pork; is this pure or organic?
Can this product be frozen into portions?
I see the word 'perishable' but what is the shelf life of this product?
What is the actual volume amount of the duck fat ?
How long will it keep in a refrigerator.
What colors are they?
I'm confused, are there 36 packs in here or 12?
I need 36 packets total- one for each of my students. Will 1 box be enough?
how big are the packets
there is 36 per box? are they fresh?
I notice that in the comment below you indicate there are 36 packs total. So are they all individually wrapped in the 12 big packets? That is to say, if I purchase them I will be getting 12 large packets that each contain 3 smaller, individually...
how many calories are in one smoothie?
What are the mixing instructions?
What are the actual ingredients in these mixes? Please list all the ingredients. Thank you.
What are the ingredients?
what do you mix it with, yogurt, juice?
About how many smoothies can be made from this 64 oz. bottle?
Can this be frozen?
How many calories per serving?
Does this need to be refrigerated once it's open?
Could this be used in place of the syrups for snow cones?
how many buzz buttons do you get for $46.83? 120?
Are you able to freeze the flowers?
can you ship to canada? how does it work bringing a plant in to canada? wont it get stopped at the border?
How long will they last in a fridge?
Are these flowers fresh or dried
4x30 - does this mean that each order is 120 buttons?
Are you able to ship Buzz buttons to Canada?
are there artificial colors in these?
Are they individually wrapped?
how many grams of xylitol is in one lollipop?
How many lollipops should I expect per pound?
Please confirm the latest batches of the coconut water being sold are from BRAZIL.
Is this reconstituted from concentrate?
Currently, 2/18/14, where do the coconuts used in the Naked coconut water come from -- Brazil or Indonesia?
does this brand have sugar in it?
Can you ship this to the UK?
how long is coconut water good after it is opened ?
how many calories are in one serving and how many servings are in each container?
Do these need to be refrigerated?
This product tastes horrible. The coconut water tastes old and not pleasant.
Im looking for the naked coconut water from Indonesia! Only 50 calories. Where can i find that? This conut water is from Brasil 60 calories..
How many calories per serving?
does this have sesame in it?
what is in the dessicant packet?
Are these snack from Japan? Or eastern United States? Thanks
Sodium content? Could someone post the nutrition label for this?
Is this seaweed harvested only in safe waters? Is there a guarantee that the water is safe?
What kind of seaweed is this? Nori, dulse, wakame, etc...?
How long will this last unopened?
why are you taking it out of grocery stores? Thats the only soup I can eat. Please put it back into Meijers in Muskegon Michigan.
What is the sodium content?
what is the list of ingredients; if it has milk what percentage?
what is the shelf life?
Sodium is 850mg per 1/2 cup serving...
What is the sodium content?
Nutritional information, please? Why do we have every angle on the box except the panel with nutritional information?
Does pacific make a chicken pot pie soup ???
Can it ship to China?
when is the expire date for this?
WHEN IS THE EXPIRY DATE OFTHIS PRODUCT? THANKS.
when is the expire date for this?
Can someone confirm that it's $143.00 for a total of 140.4 ounces of formula?
Can it Ship to China Now? And How?
is Knox the same as pectin
what is the source of this gelatin? My wife is looking for something to strengthen her nails and keep them from splitting.
I need 4.5 teaspoons unflavored powdered gelatin and my Knox gelatin has 4 envelopes in each box and shows 1 0z. on box. How do I get 4.5 teaspoons
Do any of the Knox Gel. come in an orange flavored powder?
how much to take to strengthen nails, etc.? thanks
Is this the same gelatin that used in the discontinued Knox gelatin for nails?
Is it possible to form a solid cube (like jello) or it is just used to thicken the soup?
how do I change delivery frequency?
If the recipe says 1 envelope, how much of this do I use ???
Does anyone know if this gelatin is made from grass-fed cows?
size cruet
Is the cruet glass or plastic?
What does the cruet look like? Does it have a design on it?
Is it actually 2 complete packs (which would mean 2 cruets/4 packages dressing) for $4.76?
Is this Bottle also BPS free
What are the dimensions of this water jug? I need to know how wide it is and how tall (to be able to fit in a fridge).
How do you wash this thing? You need friction or slime will grow on the bottom after time.
How much does the bottle itself weigh? Thanks!!
Where is this bottle made?
I have this bottle and LOVE it however I need a replacement lid. Can you tell me what size to order?
Will this bottle fit in a table top water dispenser ? They make 3 and 5 gallon bottles for them, but they are a little heavy for me. Thanks
This is a great jug but where can I get a replacement lid?
Is there any leaking of water when stored on its side?
What is the material?
This used to be the price for the 8 oz, but it says 6.32 ozs. Did something change?
calories per bottle of q tonic
Why doesn't this "tonic" water include quinine -- isn't that the classic taste? Or is "tonic" = "a restorative drink"? Does Q have a quinine taste?
I want q tonic quinine in 750 ml bottles?
how was the shipping? glass bottles? breakage???
how many ounces in a bottle
how many cans?
Further clarification please...is this for 12 packs of 6 cans or 12 packs of 12 cans?
is this listing for twelve 12 packs or just for 12 cans of La Croix?
Is it sticky if spilled on the rug?
Do these lollipops have soft centers?
When it says "pack of 2" it means that there are two boxes each of which contains 50 pieces each, correct?
How can u tell though,it's not satiated anywhere,right?
Is it kosher?
Jollyrancher lollipops: Does anyone know where to find the JR pops that are the same as the JR hard candies?
Do these contain sulfites? It should say it in the list of ingredients if it does, but not always.
Why don't you sell bulk (25#), unsweetened cranberries? Seriously, people eat them
how many carbs?
Does the label say how much sugar there is per serving, if so, how much?
What is the expiration date on the box if I order it before 10/13/2013?
Since I just found out that this is NOT 100% Stevia - is there a 100% Stevia product out there that we can get?
Hi! Where is the stevia sourced from. I know it is manu in USA, but where does the leaf come from?
Is there an aftertaste with SweetLeaf?
what is the expire dates for these items?
does it leave a bitter after taste
Is this the most economical form of Sweetleaf Stevia powder that you have found?
Has packaging improved to prevent the stevia powder from hardening? I had to throw away half of the box.
Hello, I have bought this before...so there are three boxes of 70 packets in each box totaling 70 x 3=210????
Why is the price listed at $0.04/ounce? It says there's three 2.5oz boxes, which is 7.5oz total, or $3.10/ounce. Is there something else included?
How many total packets? 70 or 210?
What's the recommended amount of water per packet?
How many calories are in each serving?
Does this contain aspartame?
I note that pomegranate-cranberry is sold by CVS as a fiber drink mix. Is the Ocean Spray mix considered to be a fiber drink?
How many oz. of water to one packet of diet ocean spray on the go
Why was their no ingredients available? I thought sugar-free meant I would add sweetener, but no- they ruined it with Aspartame.
For those who have drank the bottled version of their drink (same flavor) how do you like this? how does it compare?
were can I buy it in Milwaukee?
What sweetener is used?
is this English Breakfast?
Is this rooibos?
What is the expiration date on your Five Roses tagless teabags?
What is the expiration date on your Five Roses tagless teabags?
Is this truly the original? The photo is misleading, so I'm not sure what I would be getting.
weetabix
calories?
Is this cereal gluten free?
Is there any difference bewteen this tea and the Yamamotoyama Green Tea (Sushi Bar Style) 90 Bag Value Pack?
is individual package in white color or green color, I know they have two kinds
"12 pack"- does this mean I get 12 boxes?
Where was the tea grown?
is there an expiration date?
what are the ingredients?
how big is the container
How spicy is this? Scorching Hot or tolerable for someone who likes food a bit spicy?
can you list the ingredients? I have alot of food allergies.
Sodium content
is the cajun style seasoning mild gluten free?
pancakes?
Has anyone tried this as a coffee creamer? Thanks.
Just bought this but don't see anywhere on the label about storage...What is the recommended storage temp? Freezer, fridge or RT (on counter)?
Whats the Shelf life of that product ?
Is the canister this is packaged in have metal or aluminum lining? Im trying to avoid products that leech metals into foods. Thanks in advance!!!
Nutritional content??
Is this COCONUT processed in a facility which processes PEANUT?
What is listed on the ingredient panel? Thank you!
How many grams of protein is in it?
Is this manufactured and prepared in the USA? If not, where?
I ferment things and of course have to feed the wild yeast. Do you know whether coconut crystals can be utilized by yeast like regular sugar can?
Is this the same as coconut sugar? I tried Trader Joe's Coconut Sugar in my tea and didn't care for the taste. Would this product taste the same?
Are crystals same as coconut aminos?
Will this dissolve well in a gallon or water?
Is there a difference between coconut crystals and coconut Palm sugar? If so what?
I don't suppose this is Whole 30 approved?
Is this a dried version of what is called coconut nectar? Thank you for your time and your devotion to health
Is this similar to Coconut Palm sugar?
Do you have grapeseed oil, and Buckwheat flour?
Where is it made?
what is the best buy date on your current batch?
please tell me the "best by" date on your current inventory. thanks.
didn't make myself clear. I want to know how long they are good for. What is the "best by" date?
I would like to give these as a gift for a birthday at the end of Sept. What is your current best by date?
Are they fresh? Do the licorice ship with a "Best Before" date??
are there bones and skin in these tins of salmon?
Are Bear and Wolf Pink Salmon Wild Alaskan, 6-Count 6 Oz cans free of bisphenol A (BPA), a chemical used as glue to keep the cans together?
are cans pop top or do you need a can opener? Thanks!
I want the dip recipe from the salmon can anyone???
Is it already cooked &amp; ready to eat out the can?
what is the expiration date of this product
Where this salmon is de-boned and canned?
Is this a gluten free product?
what is the expiration date?
Is your Pink Salmon Coho, Chinook or Sockeye
What is the expiry on this item ?
Is there 6 packs of 12 or just 12 candy canes
When you say is it a pack of 6, but 12 candy canes in each pack, are there 6 boxes for the price of $7.83?
does it powder vegetables
How do you separate the filter from the propeller in order to clean?
Will it leave the pulp in tack and remove peel and seeds?
Does this machine enable you to reprocess the pulp several more times inorder to get thicker sauce from the pulp???
HOW MANY OUNCES EACH BOTTLE??? (Shouldn't have to ask)
are these plastic bottles ??
are these plastix bottles ??
Does the maple flavoring contain caramel coloring?
Does this product contain soy?
Is it gluten free?
How does this compare to kraft red wine vinaigrette?
does it contain olive oil?
Is the dressing controlled coming out of the bottle? I recently ordered a 6 pack without any control and it is very messy poring.
Is this product non-GMO?
Is this CCOF or Oregon Tilth organic?
Isn't all wheat Non-GMO? I understand that no commerically produced wheat is Genetically MOdified, isn't that right?
Is this product GMO or non GMO? Thanks.
Is it packaged for long term storage? O2 absorber? Mylar? What is projected shelf life?
Can I grow wheatgrass from this?
Hi there - Does package say where these wheat berries are grown? Would like to be sure it is a USA product before purchasing. Thank you!
What is the shelf life if left un-opened and kept in cool dark area??
why did the price increase more than double from my last order?
Is this stuff supposed to taste different than the fine grind? My sister received a bag of fine grind for Christmas that was from Canada. It didn't look like the tins on here and had Christmas winter pictures on the side. It tasted a bit different,...
How long the time I can store this coffee?
How do you compare Tim Hortons coffee to Starbucks ?
does this coffee have brewing dates (not expiration date) I normally buy from local roasters that roast per weekly, so always 1-2 days fresh.
I just received Tim Holtons 2lb Coffee. How to read this expiration date of 140703 ? Do they send the one that made 4 months ago?
How did whole bean 2 Lb bag go from $12.99 to $20.87 in 16 days?
this is not organic correct?
why did i place an order feb 24th only to have it put off a few times and then cancelled?
Is it good for use in an espresso machine? Is it bland or flavorful? Please describe the flavor and acidity and strength of aftertaste.
will it help my hair grow
two questions: 1. Is the pressing date on the bottle so that I can tell how fresh it is and 2. Does it come in a glass bottle ?
Can you reuse/refill the bottle?
Is there a harvest date on the bottle?
Could I use it for moisturizing?
Is this oil unfiltered?
will it help my hair grow
can you store un-opened bag in pantry...? can you store opened bag in mason jars ..?
can you add this directly to your ingredients? I have tried 5 times now proofing it and it won't . am I doing somthing wrong ..??? I have. not ever had this problem before.
can you store un-opened bag in pantry...? can you store opened bag in mason jars ..?
Can you store this bag, un-opened in a pantry.?? can you store this yeast opened in freezer in mason jars...?..
Is this product glutton free, I am new to trying to eat glutton free
What are the nutrition facts and serving size? Specifically Calories, Total fat, sodium, carbs, protein, potassium &amp; cholesterol? (per serving)
How much water is needed to reconsititute this into actual heavy cream?
What is Country of Origin? What are ingredients?
Why are you charging $18.89 when they only cost $6.97 per box at Costco???
Why can't the item (#181679) be delivered to a Canadian address?
are the cookies individually wrapped
does this contain egg or egg powder
Can you tell me the measurements of the tin the cookies came in?
are the cookies made with any GMO ingredients? ive read that some companies will use GMO ingredients if are going to be sold in the u.s.
How many cookies com in each tin?
how many calories in an average cookie?
Does this contain cookies?
can i include a gtift message
What are the ingredients?
Is this kosher?
Are these products corn-free? If, so, which ones?
How many cups of broth does it make?
what is the nutritional value
Hello, I am looking to purchase two of these jars for my wedding that is in April of 2014, if I were to purchase them now, how long until they expire?
Where do you ship from?
Is there no way i can have it shipped to denmark?
I am looking for just the hibiscus syrup, since I cannot find that here, does the syrup taste like hibiscus?
What are the ingredients? Just flowers and cane sugar? Or, are there artificial and natural (not) flavors added?
My daughter is getting married in October is this something I can order now and still be fresh in October?
How many milligrams of sodium per tablespoon does this have? Thank you.
How many servings per container?
Is the container recyclable? Are there glass containers of this available?
Does this product have any kind of yeast or yeast extract listed under ingredients?
how many come in the order?
Does it need refrigeration upon opening ? Thanks.
Are they vegan?
what is the shelf life of this product and how much does each capsule make
Is Dehydrated Water Vegan?
What are the gel capsules made out of.
Has anyone used this with Palcohol?
How long does rehydration take?
Is there kosher certification for this product?
Are they individual wrapped?
Is it possible to choose only one color? I would like to have them all in orange. Is it possible? Thank you
Are they individually packaged?
does it have an expiration date?
What country are these produced in?
Are these nut free and gluten free?
Is this product gluten free and if so, why isn't it advertised that way?
Where is your xanthan gum made? Is it an American product?
Is it vegan?
Many Xanthan gums are now made with wheat. Is this one made with another grain and what grain? I am highly allergic to wheat in any form.
The use by date is 4/2014 isn't that a little soon for so much product?
Will this thicken Hot Sauce without cooking it ?
What is the date on the package on xanthan gum Powder by Essential Depot
is this xanthan gum non -GMO?
What is the shelf life on products like Xantham Gum?
What are the expiration date(s) of the product?
No subscribe and save for this item?? Is this a mistake or was it once on S/S?
How many bars in each individual package, one, two or four?
Is each .78 oz bar individually wrapped?
What is each size? .78 ounce each?
When is the expiration date?
I too, do not understand the "4 pack" description. I received one box in my order. Makes for very pricy box of cookies. Is this normal?
do they have eggs??
how many boxes are included for $22.99 for the Belgian butter waffle cookies
How much sodium in a can?
Does the label on the can say Non-BPA Lining?.
Any bean stems been found in cans ?
What is the country of origin? China?
is the can lined with plastic
BPA free?
Does anyone know if the cans are BPA free?
Are these cans BPA free? THANKS
Is this Non GMO? I don't see any label.
Is there real cream in this creamed corn?
Is this a "no sodium added" product?
What is the shelf life of this can?
What kind of salt? Is it sea,Himalayan, iodized
does it have added salt?
Organic does not necessarily mean NON GMO, I just read! So is this corn NON GMO certified? Thx
Does Organic mean that it's not GMO?
Is this GMO corn?
Why are you charging $24 shipping on an Amazon order? I have had Prime for 7 years and now there are Amazon items not eligible for prime shipping?
Is this for 24 cases?
Does this water have floride in it?
Is it ok for pets?
Does this need to be refrigerated after it is opened?
Is the container glass or plastic? From the picture it appears glass.
Can you put this in oatmeal or hot cereal, or is it only for baking bread?
Is this gluten free? A lot of mixed opinions on the Internet
How long does it last in unopened jars?
How long from purchase date before it expires?
The Item weight is 20 Oz and the shipping weight is 22.6 pounds, why ?
is this Diastatic or non diastatic
Can you used this to make Malted Milk?
Is it thicker than honey?
what is the actual size of the sharks?? I do not want the giant ones
About how many sharks come in a 5 lb bag?
Are these made in facility with peanuts or tree nuts?
Fairly simple question--do these sharks taste good?
what color are sharks received in 2014? how large? thank you
Size of sharks
Are these sharks gluten free?
Are these processed in a plant that also processes tree nuts?
how big are these sharks? would they fit on top of a cupcake?
How many individual pieces in the 5lb bag of gummy sharks?
Does anyone know if there is sugar or sweetener of any sort in this? Thanks in advance.
How much sodium is there in a tablespoon or teaspoon? Doctor ordered diet requires exact info. Many "low" sodium items are only low in comparison.
What's the "use by" date on the 16 oz. jars?
Is there soy in this product in any form? Regular BtB contains hydrolyzed soy protein, but I want to avoid any form of soy. Thanks!
Is this dairy free? I have found "natural flavor" is many times a dairy ingredient.
Is this a powder or a liquid?
Is this gluten free? How can I make sure that the product I order from Amazon is a gluten-free version?
Which spices come with this rack? It's hard to tell from the image. Thanks!
Are these 1.5oz bottles? They look like it, but can't tell or find info on that.. That would make these at least half off in the long run or more!
Does the rack have a raised lip at the front of the shelves to keep the bottles from falling off? I can't tell from the picture.
What is the actual height of the rack? Amazon lists a height of 18.6 inches, but usually amazon's dimensions are for the packaging.
what measurement is the wooden rack?
Is the hardware included or already installed on the spice rack to put it on the wall?
I love this spice rack put have a space only 11 inches wide, do you have a smaller one
what about that expiration date, I thought spices lasted ,forever? no/yes?
Are the names of the spices written on top of each jar?
Are these the same size as the McCormick Gourmet Spices at the grocery store?
is this non GMO
Whats the origin of the turmeric?
I received the product and it says it contains at least 4% curcumin, is this typical? In grocery Turmeric is $2.50/oz but is it pure?
is this product non-irradiated? i cannot see based on the picture provided
The product description reads "95 percent plus organic".... what is the other 5% and where does it come from?
How long does it stay fresh and effective?
Why this turmeric powder is so salty? Is yours too? Since I can not take too mush sodium , I want to know if this one contains salt. please
Why does the description say "Warm-sweet nutmeg adds..." I'm confused. Is nutmeg added to this brand?
is the taste salty
Hi, does the package say the percentage of the cur cumin? Thanks.
If you say its Ceylon Cinnamon, is this product from Sri Lanka?
Picture shows "powdered" but description shows ground. Which one is this? What are the differences in uses and taste between the two?
what do you store this in since bag isn't resealable/
Is this "USDA CERTIFIED ORGANIC" ? Thank you.
Is this product ground or in stick form? And if in stick - anyone know the size 3" - 4" etc? Thanks...
Is this Cinnamon irradiated and is not Cassia
Will this ground cinnamon dissolve in water
Will this ground cinnamon dissolve in water
How do you store the reminder of the Cinnamon---in the freezer or in the pantry?
is your cinaamon ultra low of coumarin. How much is in it. I eat a lot of cinamon. I need for it to be real low of it. Would you answer it . Thanks
What are the ingredients?
One of the customer reviews said that this is only the veggie chips not the straws. is this true?
Is it fried or roasted?
is there any trans or saturated fat
How many carbs?
What is the calorie count?
how many packs of cookies do you actually get
how many calories in pack of 3
Ingredients?
what is the potassium count of the pkg of cranberry almond thins?
what are the dimension of these item at full groth
I live in Colorado, and it's almost spring right now... Will it survive in a indoor environment?
when you get this plant about how long does it take to produce fruit
how big is the plant and when should it fruit after you recieve it
How many come in one order?
what color is the fruit inside ?
Can you please tell me how hot? we are pepper heads here and love the heat!
Two jars or three? Title says two, description says three??
Description says "In Stock. Ships from and sold by Yankee Traders. 3 - 8 oz. jars of Mrs. Millers homemade jam Homemade jam." Picture only shows 2?
is this red or green pepper jelly
I want to ship to Texas. Are these packed with cool packs?
Does this box have nuts in them? I want to give them to my 100 year old grandmother and her teeth can't handle nuts.
When were these truffles made?
What are the dimensions of these bags?
Are the bags the ones pictured? Crab, sailboat, bird...?
Are the tote bags for sale the exact bag pictured??
Label changed (previous canister) "baking cocoa... European Dutch processed" to "Dutch dark cocoa." Is it the same product?
Shelf life?
Does this cocoa have alkali? (is it "dutch" cocoa?)
How is it different than Hersheys?
I see a Kosher mark on the photo of the container. Is it "pareve" (certified non-diary)?
Is this powder black?
Is this product free of peanuts and treenuts (coconut is fine)?
it powder please...can i use it in making cake
How much Theobromine (mg) per tablespoon is in this Dutch processed cocoa ? Thank you!
Is the tin can bpa free?
Is there an expiration date? It would take me a long time to use this much, so some would be stored in the refrigerator . Is this good?
To clarify the package includes 3 tins of 16oz oil /48oz total?
Is this refined or unrefined? And is it cold pressed?
Where does this oil come from?
Is this high oleic or standard? Standard is not really that good for you, high in Omega 6.
Is this the same as the product the one Costco sold?
Does this cocoa come in the tall 2.5 lb. tin as pictured as does it come in two 30 oz. tins? That is what I just received.
Is this product certified kosher?
How long does this stay good for?
is it good for kids
Does it contain soy or gluten
Is this listing for a 6 pack of the pictured packages? As in 36 total individual servings?
What is the expiration date?
WHY IS THEIR A SHORTAGE AT GROCERY STORES?
Is it 6 packs each including 6 packets or its just 1 pack with 6 packets inside?
Exactly how many packets are you getting for $18.95? How many packets. It is $6.95 or so for six...So am wondering what I am getting for 18.95?
Is this listing for a 6 pack of the pictured packages? As in 36 total individual servings?
What is the expiration date?
WHY IS THEIR A SHORTAGE AT GROCERY STORES?
Is it 6 packs each including 6 packets or its just 1 pack with 6 packets inside?
Exactly how many packets are you getting for $18.95? How many packets. It is $6.95 or so for six...So am wondering what I am getting for 18.95?
wHat are the ingredients?
Where is this manufactured? I do not want anything made in China! Thanks so much.
What is in the stevia leaf extract? How is it processed?
Can I bake with this?
2 Tbs Truvia = how much Sweetleaf Stevia?
Why won't this ship to Alaska????!!!
Is this listing for a 6 pack of the pictured packages? As in 36 total individual servings?
What is the expiration date?
WHY IS THEIR A SHORTAGE AT GROCERY STORES?
Is it 6 packs each including 6 packets or its just 1 pack with 6 packets inside?
Exactly how many packets are you getting for $18.95? How many packets. It is $6.95 or so for six...So am wondering what I am getting for 18.95?
Is this offer for 1 bag or 4?
Four bags or one?
Has anyone made this by hand (using a stand mixer)? Did the bread turn out ok? Thanks!
How much should I use to make a single gallon of mead? Will a fraction of a packet work?
Does this contain sorbitan monostearate as preservative? I can't find anything recent about this product on the manufacturer's site. Thanks.
do you keep it in the frigerter or in a dry dark place until U use it?
I have this product myself, but how high of an alcohol tollerance does this yeast have?
Can I brew barleywine beer with this yeast ? How much am i going to use gor 5 gallons ?
I made Ginger beer with bread yeast. It had a slight aftertaste related to this yeast. Will Champagne yeast fix the funky taste?
I'm making ginger beer, the recipe I have specifies "champagne yeast". Since this is listed as good for "all white wines", is this be a good choice?
How high ABV can this yeast create?
Do you ship to India
How many grams does each pack contain? Difficult to see the package label.
How many rice papers are in a package and what is the expiration date?
Are they flavorless?
do they ship well packaged or do they arrive broken? I live in Barbados west indies
Are they kosher? I typed Kosher spring roll wrappers into the seach bar and this is the only brand that came up. I do not see the hecksher.
Are these good for boiled wontons?
Are these clear? Can you see through them?
Does anyone ever fry their spring rolls?
Can they be baked
How do you store them - esp an open pkg? Shelf, refrig, freezer?
Can these be fried, or are they strictly for the fresh spring roll recipes?
does this product contain almond flour?
this product was $12.54 for 3 boxes the last time i bought it from amazon a couple of months ago and now it doubled???? frustrating
Can you make the recipes with egg replacer?
carb count
is this wheat free?
Why so expensive here? What is up with the over pricing?
Can this mix be used to make bread (as in regular sandwich bread)?
How do pancakes/waffles compare to those made from King Arthur brand mix?
Is it dairy free?
How much sugar does it contain?
Hi, are you selling 1 can for $64 or 5 cans? when I add to cart it says quantity 1, i just want to clarify. Thank you.
is it 5 cans for $10?
What is the expiration date?
Hello, i wanted to buy it but there's a problem with the delivery. Can't it be delivered in France ?
does this get shipped in dry ice, or is it really ok unrefrigerated?
$80.97 for 8 ounces?
Is this butter grass fed?
Do you ship to Hawaii?
How many ounces of butter are included in one order of this item?
what is the fat percentage in it?
How strong is the peppermint flavor? I am looking for a strong flavor
how long are these?
how many are in a container
Are these peppermint sticks porous, melt in your mouth peppermint? I have ordered many thar claim to be soft, but are not.
the sticks I received are more like 2 to 2 1/2 inches long, rather than four. Bob's are nearly 2X as long, for about the same cal. ct? is that right?
Are these peppermint sticks individually wrapped?
I purchased this item back in August but the lid came loose in shipping. Can anyone tell me if Amazon's packaging for this mayo has been more secure?
is this "mayo" or "mayonnaise dressing". I need to know for my court filing.
What ingredients are in the *natural flavors*? soy?
Does it contain regular vitamin k?
Is this product gluten free?
What are the Ingredients in this? Does anybody have a bag to look at? Thanks
Is anyone able to measure the diameter of the mint itself? I need to put a sticker on it and would like to know the exact size first. Thank you!
Do you know if these mints are kosher?
Has anyone used these to make garland? If so, how long a strand of garland will this 7lb bag make?
About how many mints in this 7lb bag? Does each mint have Traditional twisted ends.
I want to use these mints to make garland for my Xmas tree ... So they must be the traditional twisted ended mints in order to hit glue them together
are these candies considered Kosher?
How many candies per bag?
Are these candies wrapped with a twist at the end or are they heat sealed?
Is the candy manufactured in the US?
Which tastes better, the plain or the chocolate? Thanks!
does it contain sugar
how much protein per serving
Can anyone please tell me the total carbs? Thank you!
how much pb2 to make one cup peanut butter
Will PB2 dissolve completely when added to a protein shake made with just almond milk and protein powder?
can it be used in cake mixes
I woudl like the Anchor Vegetarian cheese. it is extremely hard to find in nyc-brooklyn....help It is AWSOME!!! I have been waiting for Amazon to carry it. I am glad to see the butter....NOW, Please bring on the Cheese...
If you order more than one pack of 4, is the shipping cost adjusted? I can't imagine its really that much more expensive to ship 2 or 3 packs than one. Some seller's automatically adjust for this on Amazon but I see that you don't. Ordering 4 packs,...
Is this REALLY 100% GRASS FED, from New Zealand cows - not UK?
Does Anchor butter contain vegetable oil?
I want a taste like my grandmother's butter. Can't find this Anchor butter at Whole Foods, Nugget or Trader Joe's. I'm in Calif. Any info, tks.
Hi. Is this butter 100% grass fed? Thank you.
i bought these products..very nice. one problem the candy became hard 30mins after placing in bags. what may i be doing wrong?
how many average size cotton candy balls will one container make?
Will this work with Crazy Art cotton candy maker?
Are these ingredients (sugar, natural and artifical flavors, and food grade dyes) vegan?
Is your product certified Kosher? If yes, who provides the certification?
Approximately how many sticks are in a jar?
How long are the cinnamon sticks? I use them to stir and flavor my coffee so they need to be the long ones?
Are these "cassia?"
ARE THE LEGS PRE-SPLIT?
What is the country of origin of these king crab legs?
What species/variety are the king crabs - ditto, the snow crab legs? Thanks. KC
If I want them to arrive by Christmas Eve, when do I need to order?
how many people would a 5 pound order serve?
are they already cooked and can you freeze these, the dungeness crab meat and langostino lobster meat till Christmas eve?
how much do i need for 10 people?
I only received 11 not 12 in the box just delivered. Why?
How many hours of energy does one bottle give YOU?
Is it gluten free?
What is the expiration date of your current promegranate stock?
what is the expiration date for the product I selected (12 pack 5 hour energy for 22.44)
Energy: To Whom It May Concern: Do it really give you energy?
is this unrefined?
"Extra" Virgin Coconut Oil? Isn't it true that, other than as a marketing ploy, there is no product beyond Virgin Coconut Oil?
unflavored?
Can this be frozen?
I read that cold pressed virgin coconut oil has a very mild coconut flavor, but some here have said this brand has no flavor. Is that true?
this sells for 21.00 on their site. why so much more expensive?
Is the jar glass?
Is this a glass container?
Is it unrefined?
How long can they be stored for before going rancid/stale/nutritionally inferior?
What is the best way to store these?
Are these nuts processes in a facility that also processes wheat or gluten containing products? I need a 100% gluten free source of brazil nuts.
Where do these nuts come from, China or somewhere else?
Are these nuts raw?
Is it all vanilla flavor?
How many pieces are in the tin?
Is this the same as scottish tablet?
I want gritty fudge, so which is this---some call it creamy.
I want gritty fudge, so which is this---some call it creamy.
How many calories in each packet?
How big is the actual shipping box?
What is the expiration date on this product?
What is the expiration date on this product?
Does anyone know if I can take some on plane? I don't like powder creamer.
does this creamer have to be put in the refrigator
is this the same as mcdonalds creamer?
When do these expire
How is this product lactose free yet its listed as kosher dairy?
Is there an expiration date somewhere on the product?
Does anyone know the differences between the gentle ease, newborn and infant. I was told they are the same, it is a marketing ploy?
What is the expiration date?
date
Can anyone recently bought this share what the expiration date is? Thanks.
Can babies more than 3 months take newborn formular? I was wondering if babies more than 3 months take newborn (0-3 months) formular?
what the use by date of the powder?
when is the date of manufacture and how long is the shelf life&#xFF1F;
Do these come packaged in 8x4oz bags (a customer review said it does) and if they do are the bags labeled?
Are these a fair trade product?
what % cacoa is thre choc in these
Are these mostly chocolate, or mostly bean? Seems like today's options are a tiny bean with a ton of chocolate. I want more bean, less chocolate!
Regarding shipping: Will these chocolate covered espresso beans melt if shipped to Southern California in the middle of summer?
caffeine
Are they organic?
Are these organic?
Are these dairy free?
shipping: why does the shipping cost more than the product?
How many are packed in a case
How many bottles per order?
on the vitamin website, the similiar price item says it comes with 12 drinks, not 20.
Hi, How many bottles are included at this price? Thanks
how far in advance of event date should I order these?
DOES THE LABEL COME ON THE JAR?
where is the honey from?
Is it possible to get the lid in a different color? I want to buy these for my sisters baby shower-she's having a girl! :)
60 pieces...does that mean 30 jars and 30 lids???
What is the diameter of the lid? If purchased, I would add a custom sticket to the lid for a wedding.
How long will it take to ship to NYC-- I need these in like 4 days!!!
Can I order the product without the labels?
I don't need 60 jars for my event...can I get these mini jars in a quantity of 30?
can yo please let me know what the kosher supervision is and if it appears on the label?
is there an expiration date on these?
Can anyone tell me the approximate dimensions of these jars? I am using these as a wedding favor and would like to order boxes to place them in.
I want to buy this product but I need to know the expiration date, could you please tell me this information? thanks
I want to use several of these for my wedding in Oct....and I don't want a quick expiration date...should I wait to order
Do these mini jars come with a label already? If you made a label, did it paste over nicely so the original label is not seen? please lmk, thanks! Thank you for your responses! Appreciate it :)
Is that raw uncooked unfiltered honey? The label does not say "raw"??
How is this shipped?
when i order 2 wild honeys (over $25) it charges postage ???
Is the plastic BPA free?
Glass jar or plastic? If plastic, is it the toxin-free kind?
You get 6 48 oz bottles for this price? A total of 288 ounces?
How long does one can usually last for? Or how many ounces of formula does it make?
Could you please tell me the current expiration date on your cans? Thanks!
what is the expiration date neocate jr
Hi , What's the epiriation date on neocate 1+ unflavor
please let me know the expiry date ?
Please tell me the expiration date.
what is the expiration date for those 20 left?
what is the expiration date on those 8 left cans?
can you tell me the expiration date??
Can this flour be used for making other than pizzas? Bread or scones for example; maybe adding it to a bread recipe along with the bread flour?
Typically what is the expiration date for this flour? How much time do you have to use all ten packages?
is this flour bleached?
ok pizza lovers. I've tried dozens of dough recipes, AP, K.A. flours and just can't seem to get that bubbly, chewy texture we all are looking for. You know exactly what I mean. I've decided to try this flour. With all the pizza lovers here, can anyone...
How many 12" pizzas would one bag make ?
Is this flour enriched with folic acid?
What is the difference between the blue and red packs?
What's the percentage of protein content?
is this organic? if i were to make pizza from this -- can i advertise "organic"
Is this flour whole wheat OR Whole grain.
ingedient list please??
has this been checked against all recalls?
Is the jar glass or plastic?
sodium
What is the expiration date on this product (generally how much time does it have)?
What is the expiration date on this product (generally how much time does it have)?
Is this product organic?
Nutrition information?
Are the containers microwave safe?
country of orgin
how long will these keep if unopened?
Does this contain MSG? How about gluten? Thanks!
how many calories are in one 3.5 oz serving cup?
Will these work in the Keurig 2.0?
What is the caffeine count in the decaf?
is this product water decaffeinated?
Is this a low acid coffee?
Does this use swiss water process?
is this for (8) 88 oz bottles? the pic shows the small bottle.
what is the shelf life?
Is this the sweet teriyaki sauce as seen in the picture (i hope!) or is it the original gourmet marinade as listed??
Is this decaf?
I wonder what is this product's lot expiration date if I order it this time?
Is the coffee very acidic? I like instant because I find the acid levels to be lower than fresh brewed.
How many servings in a jar?
What are all the ingredients listed for this product?
What is the difference, if any, between the Lakanto Golden Sweetener and the Lakanto White Sweetener?
Does this product contain any carbs? Thank you...
Does this product contain MSG in it? I am allergic to MSG and read that this product does contain small amounts of it.
Where is it made?
Hi Why is this product NOT organic? thank you
What is the difference between erythritol and monk fruit
Does it trigger a desire to consume more of whatever you've used it in? Say for example, in baked goods?
Someone mentioned that it isn't good when their coffee gets cold, what happens with it?
what is the difference between this watkins vanilla double strength and the other watkins vanilla with a different label???
I am needing vanilla just for the aroma. So price per ounce would you say this a better deal than McCormich vanilla extract?
What is the shelf life? It may take a while to use that much.
Has anyone used this product in smoothies and does it taste good?
whats the expiration date on these?
Is there any other ingredient in this product? Salt? Palm oil? Etc?
anyone know what seller sells the one with the gritty texture as opposed to the smooth with almond pieces? i like the former! thanks
Does the almond butter come in a glass container? Thanks!
does it have to be refrigerated
does it have to be refrigerated
Kirkland Supreme Whole Almonds - Raw or Roasted? How can one tell if they are raw or roasted?
These almonds appear to be shelled. Please let me know if they are. Many thanks, in advance, for your time and consideration.
Is it unsalted? Unroasted? And most importantly is it gluten free?
Where are the almonds grown US or China?
Are the almonds roasted?
Has anyone used these almonds for nut milk? I typically buy mine from nuts.com, but I'm trying to find a less expensive alternative. Thanks!
Are these nuts raw or roasted?
What is the Kinded Card included in this gift box for? Does it have any dollar value or is it just a reminder to be kind to people?
are these gluten free?
So are there 20 or 40 bars??? Is it two packs of 20?
Are KIND bars made with fair trade chocolate?
Are any of the selection in this basket vegan?
You don't list what is in the cube. Which bars?
Are these all gluten free?
Can I open the box to look inside before giving this as a gift?
I wanted to give this as a thank you gift to the emergency personnel that saved my life. Is the included card appropriate? ?
Does anyone know if they are all Gluten free, does it say on the box??
Could you please tell me the current expiration date?
Are all these included Gluten Free?
I can't eat chocolate. Is there chocolate in these bars?
these aren't organic?
what is the nutritional values in the mini bar?
what is the actual size of the mini bar? (not the box)
Do you have the expiration date of the product on hand if I were to place the order today? Thank you!
Does this variety pack contain peanuts?
is their soy, gluten or dairy?
gluten free?
Are the almonds pasturized?
Is the jar glass?
Does it have any sort of sweetener? I am hoping for sugar free but also free of all sweeteners.
How fresh is this alond butter? When is the expiration date?
country of origin?
Are your almonds pasteurized or unpasteurized? If they are pasteurized, what process do you use?
Are the almonds you use Organic?
does it contain palm oil?
Does it contain any soy?
Does this mean there are 12 16 ounce jars--that is a deal!
Does SantaCruz use irradiated peanuts in this product (I hope not)?
Does it HAVE to be refrigerated?
Is this product actually from Santa Cruz, CA., or Santa Cruz, NM.?
Is this in a glass or plastic jar?
Is this product verified non GMO?
could you please tell me what the ingredients consist of. Thank you
This listing is for "Pack of 1" 16 oz, but the shipping weight is 12 pounds. Am I the only one confused by this?
Is this product gluten free?
how much protein per serving?
What is the carb content? May we see the back label please...
how many calories
what is the sodium count?
is this fermented?
Is this reduced Sodium usually the Silver lables are
does it come in glass or plastic?
Are these products also dairy free. Thank you. By Sunshine!
Is this made from non-GMO soybeans?
Does it contain any sugar or ingredient ending in "ose"?
Does this contain sugar?
Is this gluten free? it's unclear from the photo provided. Thanks.
Does this Tamari sauce contain caramel color?
butter: Is the butter 100% grass-fed?
I'm looking at the ghee in a blue plastic covered type jar. Can you tell me if this is a glass jar? Thanks so much.
where this stuff made from? usa?
It mentions Pastured cows; does this mean that they are grass fed ? Thank you.
Why does my invoice have this statement on it: WARNING: These products contain a chemical known to the state of California to cause cancer, etc??
can you use this to "butter"toast
The jar was a little greasy on the outside,though it was still sealed, some must've seeped out, do you think the contents was affected at all?
Is it only for cooking or can you eat it by spreading on bread or melting on top of your cooked veggies? In other words, can you eat it from the jar?
is it recommended to be refrigerated?
I am looking for Ghee from A2 type breed, so is this A2 or A1 or better yet does anyone know any ghee from A2?
can i use it on coffee?
Is it good spread on toast, as well as all the sauteing so many folks only mention? Thanks!
does it have the wulsen factor?
Is it certified organic?
What is the shelf life?
is the packaging plastic or glass/tin....? thank you
Can anyone tell me what ingredients are listed on the label?
HI :-) can you please tell me if you add BOILING water or Hot TAP water??? thank you :-)
How many servings for each package
can you prepare and cook the next day?
what is the self life
expiration date?
are there dried onions in the pkg
Does the hashbrown potatoes contain gluten?
Is there a way to cook this in the microwave so it's as good as stovetop?
what is the shelf life of this product?
Are these plastic or glass bottles?
There is a best by a certain date. What is that date on your bottles?
what is the expiration dates on this water? I would need two cases.
what are the bottle dimensions?
These are glass bottles, right?
Is this pasta GMO free?
Does this product contain (or may have been cross-contiminated with eggs? or dairy?) Thanks!
is there any fiber in the pasta?
how many slices of bread can u get from one package?
What is the shelf life? Thank you everyone for the fast replies. The smallest order was 6 packs so I was worried they would go bad before I would be able to use it all. I now feel confident enough to buy it, thanks again.
Is the total weight 105.6 oz.?
How much sodium in a serving, also is your bread transfat free..no hydrogenated fat???
Why do you call this rice gourmet? Are there other ingredients besides rice?
Is it long grain, uncracked?
Is this product GMO sourced.
is this for 4 packages of 16 ounces per package?
is this 4 packages 16 ounces each for a total of 64 ounces
What is the difference between these loafs and the very same bread with the USDA Organic label? I have purchased the USDA Organic labeled package, but they are out of it. Now I see this ... and it is the very same bread?? Same manufacturer, same...
How many slices are in one loaf? (Trying to determine frequency for subscribe-and-save order.)
Can I freeze it?
Is it gluten free?
Why should it be consumed in 4-5 days after opened?
How much sodium is there in one cup of Imagine Low Sodium Chicken Broth?
is there cane sugar in this broth
Does Imagine Low Sodium Chicken Broth contain onions or onion powder?
Gluten free?
Is there any beef product contained,or just flavoring?
Can someone please tell me all of the ingredients in this? Thank you SO much!
How many mgs of potassium chloride in a packet
Can anyone comment on the printed self life of this product? Thanks.
How much of the granules should I use to equal one regular boullion cube?
Is it gluten-free?
Is the bread mix produced in a gluten-free environment? Is it marked "kosher" with no "d" beside the mark?
can I use food processor to mix
Is this flour free of wheat flour
Is this flour free of wheat flour
Does this 18.25 oz box make one or two loaves of bread?
Can I use my bread machine to make this mix and if so would it be considered a 11/2 0r 2lb loaf
is it hard or soft? .. when you squeeze it?
Ingredients?
calories
How many are in a can? Having a party for 50 people with other foods of course and need a ball park. thanks!
How many Dolmas in the 70 ounce can?
How long do these stay good in the fridge after opening them? Can you freeze them?
What is the sodium content?
Are these gluten free?
Are these grape leaves cultivated with or without pesticides? Grapes are usually highly sprayed with pesticides, so please be honest!
how many carbs?
can i use this instead of flour for baking? Also is the taste far off from regular flour?
Can you make almond milk with this almond flour?
How long will the product stay good for? Refrigerated vs Frozen?
Does this flour have an expiration date? I bought some and put it in a canister, tossing the bag, then forgot about it. Wonder if it goes bad?
can I make tortillas or pancakes using this?
What is the usual shelf life or expiration date?
What are the ingredients?
I don't do sugar, does this coconut milk have sugar in it?
I am wondering the same... what are the ingredients? Looking for coconut milk that just contains coconut- no guar gums, sugar, etc. Thanks!
Are the cans BPA-free?
I was looking for a list of ingredients? Is it ONLY coconut milk and nothing else? No water, no carrageenan, no guar gum?
What is the expiration date on this yeast? Also, could you please clarify how many of the three-strip packages are included with each order? Thanks!
Does this product contain Sorbitan Monostearate, or is it just the yeast?
How many teaspoons are in a three pack of yeast.
is there a minimum amount of months you guarantee before "best use" date?
is it 27 individual or 9 individual packets?
what are the ingredients in the Dromedary gingerbread cake mix?
What size pan is best?
what is the difference in ingredients from original recipe to the current one?
Are they the British ones like the box suggests?
how do i know if the "Easter Creme Eggs"are not expired at this time of year (Thanksgiving 2013)?
I had purchase easter eggs last year and they were from England the the sugar content was higher that the US. Did England keep the same recipe as US?
Are these the original or the new american substitute chocolate?
Does each individual egg have ingredients listed and any warnings/disclaimers?
What is the expiration date on this?
This item is not Prime but I cannot find a shipping charge. Is there a shipping charge? Thank you.
Just to be 100% clear - is the price for two 12-can packs (for a total of 24 cans), or might it be two 6-can packs for a total of 12 cans? Thanks.
Does Hires have high fructose corn syrup?
What state does this product ship from?
What's the percentage of cocoa?
What are the ingredients?
Is this processed in a plant with soy or wheat?
How many servings per canister?
whats the ph? anything below 7 is no good.....
how much alkaline is in the water?
What letter grade would you give this water?
Would appreciate a complete nutritional label, including calories.
Can you freeze the leftovers? For example, cooked meatloaf?
What recipes do you suggest? Just had one at 'Bean' in Asheville NC and it was amazing!
What in the ingredients limits the shelf life? Received my 6 packets on Mar. 14, package says best used by Nov. 12. I was hoping to keep them longer.
Is it gluten free?
Does this product require refrigeration? And what is the shelf life?
What is the average price for 1 of these at a supermarket?
Is total 30 oz. of Kona coffee (with 3 packs)?
Everyone seems to say the coffee tastes great just seems to be a problem about the labeling. So 100% Kona or blends? I prefer blends.
I don't see any indication of what 'roast' this is. Looking for medium. Anyone?
I have read a lot lately about mycotoxins in coffee, how does this coffee rate?
Is this coffee Pesticide and Herbicide Free?
are these cans bpa free?
So are they a product of USA or China?
Has anyone else seen China mentioned on the can???
What are all the ingredients besides salt?
Having an USDA organic label does not necessarily mean grown in USA. Will a recent purchaser post the country of orgin, please. Thanks
So for the $80, how much do you get? When I add it to my cart it comes to $81.35
what is the ingredients daiya cheese?
does it go bad
So for the $80, how much do you get? When I add it to my cart it comes to $81.35
what is the ingredients daiya cheese?
does it go bad
What is the calorie count?
Work with 2.0.
does it have caffine?
Is it sweet and creamy
will this work with 2.0?
Is this straight black coffee that requires coffee sweetener? or is it good enough to drink without a sweetener?
do these work with the new keurig 2.0?
Is this coffe combined with cream please?
what color does the coffee come out as?
I love cream in my coffee so does this one look and taste like I added vanilla and caramel cream?
What I a quick way to heat up one one piece?
Can these be frozen if you only need 1/2 of the for a party?
Does the order contain 6- 2packs or 6 baguettes
Is any oil added to the unsalted dry roasted Virginia Peanuts or is it strictly just peanuts?
What expiration date(s) do you guys see on this product? (Trying to make sure I can eat 10 lbs. in time).
Are these organic?
Is the taste of Unsalted Dry Roasted Virginia Peanut similar to Planters Unsalted Dry Roasted Peanuts?
do they have the skins on?
What are the ingredients in this product?
Is there just one box included in this shipment?
What are the ingredients?
does it contain any sulpher
Can this flour be used for bread machine recipes?
Do you still have to add xanthan gum? If so, how much per cup? And, which brand is best? Thank you! (I'm VERY new to GF.) :-)
Can you make Fried Chicken with this flour?
do I need to addxanthan gum
How many carbs?
do you need to add Xanthan gum to this flour?
Ingredients...can someone tell me what they are? Product description is way off!
Can you make fluffy waffles with this? I have been buying frozen gluten-free waffles that are fluffy and work well for buns.
is it gmo free?
does the ocean spider plant produce baby spiders'
How do you water the plant?
If I buy more than 30, can they be shipped to separate addresses?
does it the product come with flower pot?
Is the Ocean Spider Plant safe for Cats
Are the potatoes NON GMO?
do you think its ok to still use Honest Earth Creamy Mash if the expiry date is Dec 14 2014 todays date is Jan 11 2015
What is the expiration date if I would order 10-14-14
Would someone tell me, if purchased in the past couple of months, the expiration date on your box of mashed? Thank you very much for your reply!
What kind of expiration date does this have?
how much sodium is in each pack
Why can I not get this sent to Canada?
I cook for a large group of wonderful people. We have bought your potatoes exclusively.. because of purity! HELP...ARE U THERE?
What size is each serving? Thank you!
are these good in the crockpot?
how old does this plant have to be to produce fruit?
Self pollinating or will it need to be cross pollinated?
what is the hardiness zone for this? i'm in NC where the summers and winters have felt both hot/cold extremes
Is this the fruit itself or the plant the produces the fruit?
do i need a Hylocerus Polyrhizus to pollinate?
Is there any sodium in this?
What are the ingredients? Is it only onion?
What country is this grown in?
Is it gluten-free?
In two pounds pouch approximately how many are in the package?
is this hard candy or soft candy?
Are these candies free of tree nuts, sesame and coconut? Are they made on a line with tree nuts, sesame or coconut? Thanks!
Hi I see 2 different answers to the question "Approx how many gems come in a 2 lb bag?" I see 185 and 75. Can you give a more definitive answer?
What are the flavors currently in the package and how many fruit gems are in a 2lb page?
is this candy kosher?
I want to make a mix of garlic &amp; peppercorns to put through a grinder for table use. Would this product be firm enough to grate with the peppercorns?
What is the shelf life for these unopened and after you open them? Thanks
Where is this product's country of origin?
candy
do they come with candy inside?
Which heros are included in the 12?
what are the dimensions of this item? Trying to buy goodie bags big enough to hold them.
does this come with candy?
image is confusing- name of product states 12pack &amp; image has 20pack listed. confusing
Has anyone used Half-n-Half instead of the heavy whipping cream and/or milk?
How long is the expiration on the boxes?
How many servings per package?
The mnew box does not give the instructions on the time to do it in the microwave can anyone help me?? I have ALWAYS done it in the microwave
Is this gluten-free?
What's the real quantity on these? 4x7, or just 4? Amazon claims these are $11 apiece -- if so, and that's daily, that seems remarkably high.
do thy come packed in dry ice?
do these need to be kept in refrigerator?
what kind of sweetener and fillers?
How many are in a box?
what color is this quinoa?
is this prewashed.
What is the size the bag?
Do I really have to wash this before cooking? How do I store them(what containers and where to buy?)
what is the expiration date on a 25 lb bag?
May I ask what this product is? A rice subtitut
Is this processed in a factory that uses wheat products?
What is the shelf life of this product? With only two of us I'm worried some would spoil before we could eat it all.
1. Shelf life? (i.e., 5 - 25 yr. emerg. food storage?) 2. Refrigeration required/suggested?
If this product product has no chemical pesticides and is certified non-GMO then why is it not usda organic certified?
Could these be eaten raw? I am looking to make jerky. Could I rehydrate to add flavour, dehydrate, and then consume them?
Is Hexane used to extract the soy? Is that why they're not Organic? I avoid hexane.
What are the nutrition facts?
What are the ingredients?
Does it contain traces of nuts/peanuts?
Is this product gluten free?
What is the shelf life?
It's really 7 Ounce Bags ? Some comments here writing about small bags, but 7ounces of dry apples is a lot ! What is weight on 1 bag PLEASE ?
what is the expiration date?
NUTRITIONAL INFO?
Drake's Coffee Cakes: Anyone know how many calories are in these babies?
recipe for new england clam chowder for 20 people
how many cans do I need for 8 cups of clams?
Could someone post the list of ingredients and/or the nutrition facts?
Did these clams originate in Ipswich, MA?
The shipping weight is listed as 2 lbs. However, if each of the 48 bags weighs 1.25 oz, those would total 60 oz or 3.75 lbs. So which is correct?
what is the expiration date of the items if i order today?
is there 48 bags total?
What is the L X W X H of this 2pack?
Does "2 pack" mean that there are 2 packs of 24 so, 48 bags in total?
Forgive my ignorance......but is this popcorn popped or unpopped?
Is this old stock from Dale and Thomas or new stock from Popcorn Indiana?
What size bags are these? What does it mean when it says 8-count(pack of 9)?
So you get 56 individual bags?
What size are the individual bags?
Has the bread been frozen or can you freeze it when you get it?
I found Udi's in the frozen section and, upon defrosting it, noticed a white powder on the bottom crust like bread mold. What gives?
What are the grains in this GF bread by Udi's?
Does this bread need microwaved prior to eating? I have celiac disease and most bread I purchase, it is very hard. Therefore, we need to microwave it.
is this bread non-gmo or organic
why is Amazon charging so much for it?
How many loaves are in a case?
has it been frozen or can you freeze it when you get it?
shelf life: does anyone know the average shelf life for this item is?
how many in a case
How is this bread packaged? Does anyone know if foing that affects the taste/texture?
How many ounces are the loaves in this case? And how many per case?
how long do they stay fresh, do you freeze some
does this bread need to be frozen
What's with the HIGH price of this bread? What's with the HIGH price of this bread?
how many loaves in a case?
Does this work to ward off Vampires or do I need to use fresh garlic ?
Would someone please look at their garlic bottle and tell me if there are any additives? IS it 100% pure garlic?
Is this like garlic powder or is it more like minced dried garlic?
where is garlic grown
Is this also milled and packed in the USA?
is this the fine powdery form or the coarser grind?
Is the container plastic or glass?
Does anyone know if this is Non-GMO?
Is the container air-tight once it has been opened?
what is the expiration date
can you use this product to make biscuits, cakes, cookies, pie crusts
can this be used to grow wheatgrass?
Is this also unbromated and not enriched with additives?
Is it irradiated?
What is the best way to store an opened bag without a basement or cool area (live in south)?
Great river organic milling, organic whole grains hard red spring wheat, 25-pound package--is this product ground wheat. i don't want wheat berries.
How long do they last UNopened on the shelf? And opened? PLEASE advise. Thanks!
I know organic means non-GMO. But I read that all modern wheat are GMO. The ancient wheat type is called einkorn. So is this modern or ancient wheat?
Can the wheat berries be cooked whole and consumed?
I bought this product to plant, is good for that?
How versitile is this flour? Can it be used for cakes and cookies? Sauce thickning? This companies regular wheat flour did not get the best reviews
can anyone please share an easy bread machine recipe using this flour?
Does this flour have gluten added? Do I have to add some more gluten if i want to bake a bread?
Can this be used to make noodles?
Could you tell me if this flour is "Whole grains council" approved "http://wholegrainscouncil.org/" ??
Do I need to mix with all purpose flour to rise whole wheat bread ? I really want to use only this whole wheat bread flour by itself.
Do you have to have a bread machine to make bread with this flour?
Can this wheat flour be vacuum sealed in mylar bags for long shelf life or stored in a freezer only?
How is WHole Wheat Bread Flour of this brand is different than their Whole Wheat Pastry flour?
Is it a hard or soft grain?
I'm unclear on if this flour includes the inedible seed coat or it was ground without it,
What is with the black specks which get stuck in my teeth? Have not had this in the product, the 4 other times I have purchased. What is different?
ground on gluten free equipment? Would like to know if this is ground on gluten free equipment?
Unbleached?
What are the 7 grains included?? Does anyone know what grains we're talking here?
Has anyone ever tried this with sourdough starter?
Has any one used this flour to make sourdough bread and if so, what was the outcome?
Anyone use this in their bread maker? If so, are you mixing it with other flours?
Anyone have a bread recipe that gets rave reviews from many with this flour? I'd like to give it a try and if the first one works, will continue
Does this make a good bread using only this flour? Or do you suggest using another flour with it? Does it taste better than regular red wheat?
Are all those 7 grains whole grain flour, or refined grain flour?
is this flour milled to order?
Is this low carb?
How well does this do in cakes etc? It is a pastry flour and i thought not the right flour for cakes muffins?
I use Odlums Wholemeal flour from Ireland for making Irish brown soda bread - does anyone know who this would compare? Apparently KA makes one too...
Hi, Would you recommend the whole white wheat pastry flour or all purpose flour for soft Indian breads like Naan, Roti?
Was this processed in a plant that also processes tree nuts?
Is this unbleached flour?
For general baking/cooking purposes, is the pastry or AP whole wheat flour better? Would they both mix well with a bread flour to make bread?
I am looking for organic white wheat flour from Great River, and should be gluten free. If any one knows the name of that flour please let me know.
Can anyone speak to the benefits of one over the other - either this or the 7 grain flour? Also considering Spelt but at 25lbs want to start with one
Anyone compare this to other wholewheat brands? King Arthur? others?
I noticed that this is only QAI Organic, and not USDA Organic, does it really make a difference?
is it 100 % whole grain or partially whole grain flour? any one know the %?
Are great river flours bromated?
Is this all-purpose flour certified non-GMO?
what is the difference between this and the organic whole wheat flour?
Is this sprouted flour?
Is the all purpose whole white wheat flour just more fine milled or less nutritious compared to simple whole wheat flour too?
When does it expire?
Is this red or white wheat? I don't see that it specifies anywhere?
When recipes call for "all-purpose" flour they mean white right? Could I use this instead?
Is this the same as "hulless" barley? And does it need to be rinsed before cooking?
How much storage is this in terms of space, like cups or gallons or whatever size?
Do you have a nutritional label for this?
Do you have a nutritional label for this?
Do you have a nutritional label for this?
Can it be used for brewing?
Can you post the nutritional breakdown information please?
I was wondering if you sell organic barley seeds for sprouting???
Will this barley sprout?
Is this yellow corn meal?
Is this gluten free cornmeal?
How many carbohydrates per cup?
How long does this keep in storage?
I'd like to do more baking/cooking with cornmeal. Will trade my Black Bean Polenta recipe for your well reviwed healthy muffin or other recipe!
Hello everyone. Can anyone please let me know if I seal this Corn meal in a mylar bag in a bucket. What is the shelf life?
is this from a nut free facility?
Has this corn meal been nixtamalized?
Do you have course ground white corn meal 25lb bags?
I want a coarser ground corn meal (like the texture of Quaker Yellow Cornmeal but non GMO). Would this fit the bill, or is it more like corn flour?
Does this product sprout well?
is this flour to bake bread
Is the millet hulled?
Are these millet grain sticky after cooked, like the type grown in northeast China?
Is this glutinous millet?
why is the 25# bag cheaper, per pound, than the 50# bag?
What is the country of origin?
Is this product supposed to be mainly yellow? My order has little black kernels interspersed throughout. Are those unhulled?
Millet is naturally gluten free, is your millet suitable for gluten free diets or is there a cross-contamination risk due to the way it is processed?
What kind of millet is this? Foxtail Millet, Little Millet, Pearl millet, barnyard ect ? What is the nutritional value of the product sold?
Can these be sprouted?
are these whole seeds or ground?
Since flaxseeds become rancid over time, does this product need to be refrigerated upon opening, or is it sufficient to merely reseal the bag?
Where is my order? I placed my order November 26, 2012. (I was supposed to have received it by 30th of Nov.)
How can you ask questions about this item? Is it whole grain?
Is this spelt the White spelt or whole grain spelt flour?
is this whole grain spelt or white spelt?
If I only use this flour, and don't mix it with white, will my bread be the texture of a whole wheat bread? Meaning heavy?
Spelt is gluten free but is this processed in the same facility that the wheat flour is? If so it cannot be certified gluten free,,??
I'm looking for non-plastic packaging. Is this product packaged in paper or plastic lined paper?
Is the bag that it comes in - resealable? Thanks
is it kosher certified
Does stone ground mean that the entire wheat kernel is ground and the germ is crushed into the flour without seperating the various parts of the wheat
Is it vegan
It's certified organic. Is it certified non-GMO? That is very important to me
is cornmeal and grits the same thing but different grinds? Not sure I asked that proper
Is it dent corn? I have a grain mill machine that says that I can only grind dent (field) corn.
I just received my first shipment. Many of the kernels have a dark spot on the cut end, at the germ I suppose. Is that normal?
what is the shelf life on this corn?
Can this be used for planting?
is this self rising and if so do you sell some that is plain? we want it for frying and my Mother says it must be plain not self rising...
Hi, Does the product make a good polenta? I'm looking for a medium courses grind. Thanks.
Are they white or yellow grits? Thank you, Deryl
Would this corn sprout if put in the right conditions?
How to make a good rye bread in bread machine using this flour?
Is the rye flour thoroughly pre-sifted to exclude larger grain parts that were left over after the organic milling?
How do I open this packaging and "reseal" it so no bugs get into it? I've opened one package and have ordered a 2nd.
is this rye considered a dark or medium flour? I assume it isn't a light. Unfortunately most recipes specify a type of rye.
I want to order a bag of the rye flour, when was this rye milled?
What kind of grind is this, light, medium, or dark? Is it good for sourdough breads?
Is it a 100% rye grains flour or it's a mixture of different grains?
If im a beginner in upstate ny, is this a good choice? It gets cold here.
Can it be grown indoor?
Will it ship o.k. in cold weather?? We live in MN!
Can this tree be grown indoors?
Is it possible that you can send this oversea to Denmark, Europe.? If yes, when? :) It&acute;s impossible to get a starter kit like this anywhere here.. :(
flavor profile
how many bags of chips come with one order?
How many bags come in an order? the Product Description states "235g bags"
kosher? does this bag have a kosher symbol?
Are there other ingredients besides Hibiscus in the product? I purchase Traditional Medicinals brand and it also contains blackberry &amp; lemongrass.
how many bags?
How many individual bag come in the bag. ?
Is this product certified organic?
is this 24 ounce or 8 ? picture shows 8.
How many 6 ounce cups will the 24 oz of coffee make?
How much of the grounds is needed per cup of coffee? (what do the instructions say?)
How much caffeine per teaspoon?
I'm not to familiar with coffee. It's um. unsweetened right? hehe...
did they ever fixed their taste problem?i tried it before and it tasted like pesticide .tried again, the same, then i gave up.
Are these plastic or glass jars??
when do those products expire?
Unfortunately none of the photos show the ingredients. Do these contain artificial flavors/aroma aka synthetic flavors? Thanks!
How many packages are there
are they decaf?
How many servings is this?
Does this tea have caffeine in it or is it decaffeinated?
Are the tea's gluten free?
How many ounces are in each tea packet?
Is this three 24-ounce bags or three bags equally 24 ounces total?
what is shelf life?
Can I use milk instead of water? Will it mess up the taste? The box says use water only.
Which flavor is better-- the oats or this buttermilk flavor? Thanks!
Does the mix have sodium aluminum in its ingredients?
what is the nutritional values, calories, etc?
Is the mix GMO free?
I tried making waffles for the first time today and the batter was very thin and did not cook up well in my wafflemaker..wondering if I got a bad box?
Nut free? The box photo says it's made in a nut-free facility, but the Amazon description has a nut warning.
Does this make good Waffles?
Why won't they say how much caffeine it actually contains? Seems a bit dodgy, doesn't it?
does the icy mint have "new flavor" like the spearmint? I hope not because the new flavor tastes bad. I liked the original spearmint, but can't find
Is this sugar free?
Is this 12 packages of 12 pieces in each package?
How long does one piece keep you energized?
How much caffeine is in each piece?
Pictures of this product do not say "LOW MERCURY" on the can. There is another product on Amazon that does state this. Is this product different?
Hi! I am greatly concerned about the national news reports on the poor quality of foreign country's fish. Info please . I luv fish!
Pop off top or needs a can opener?
Where is the tuna a product of?
There are no ingredients listed for this. Does it contain "vegetable oil"? my daughter is allergic to corn!
Fat content ?
Anyone compare this to Sunbutter crunch?
Any sugar in this?
I have been eating the creamy version of Wow Butter. What is the crunchy in this version if it's not peanuts?
How much salt is in it?
What other spreads do you mix Vegemite with? I just tried it with peanut butter, yum!
what does one mix and/or eat with marmite?
What is it?
How long will Vegemite keep un-refrigerated?
gluten free?
What is the shelf-life of this product?
Where is this product made? (Thanks.)
How do you thicken powdered buttermilk for something you don't cook, like salad dressing?
Is Saco Cultured Buttermilk Blend Gluten Free?
Do you know if it made out of goat milk or cow milk?
is this product gluten-free
What is the ingredient list?
approximately how many candies in the package of hershey's nuggets 38.5 oz.?
Generally what is the shelf life of these chocolates from the day they are shipped?
send some kind of protection so that will not melt?
Is this product made in the U.S.?
Is this sugar free?
Hi we are flying to india this month (may). We would like to take this to india as a gift. Is this safe or will melt, as there very hot.
What is the expiry date for this batch?
when is the expiration of the chocolates?
ingredients
What kind of internal upgrades can increase the fps of this milk?
loading mechanism: When i load the b b in it falls out. does anyone else have tat problem?
plastic: is this a cheap plastic
Are these from Canada or England? We went to Calgary Alberta last year and had the nestle aero bubbly chocolate but it was from Canada. Thanks!
Is it okay to refrigerate this chocolate? Has anyone tried it? We are in a warm climate! Thanks.
Wasn't there a similar American chocolate bar sold in the 70s/80s? I seem to recall something like this, and wondering how it compares.
I hope these have a different expiration date on them since these bars say 11-30-2013? Thanks
i was just wondering if these have an expiration date on them? Thanks.
I sent a question before but never heard back. I was wondering if your nestle aero milk chocolate bars have nuts in them or are processed with nuts?
Discontinuation: Godiva discontinued their sugar free line, how old is this candy bar?
What ingredient Godiva used instead of sugar?
How many grahams of fat are in the sugar free Godiva dark chocolate per serving?
Is this an actual yeast? Can I use this in place of yeast for my baking?
Is this product gluten free?
Do you use the same ratio as you would baking powder, ie: 1tsp baking powder = 1 tsp lievito?
Has anyone used this product in cookies?
Can you tell me from which location/company this item is being shipped from?
how much is in a packet (tsp?)
who many tsp are in the packet ?
what is the expiration date on the box?
does this have aluminium
Are the instructions on the envelope written in ENGLISH so we know how to use it and how much?
Can you use this just like Fleischmann's Pizza Yeast
Also, I'd like to know if this yeast imparts a different flavor into the dough/crust than you might get from other yeasts.
I'd like to know if this yeast needs to be proofed before adding it to flour and other ingredients in the same way that active dry yeast needs?
Complete ingredients, please.
How much sugar?
Are these bars made in China?
what percentage of cocoa is in the bar
How many calories are there in one small atomic fire ball?
what size are these please? ** After ordering &amp; receiving these, they are the big ones, about 3/4 big - i was hoping for the small ones per the answers, but i'll deal with it - thank you
Approximately how many pieces are in 5 lbs?
I want the largest atomic fireballs, do you know what size they are?
Are these Ferrara Pan brand? I just want to make sure they're Kosher.
Should I trust the "5.0lb" or the "(32oz)" weight on the package? Those are nowhere near the same thing.
how many candies total in 5 lbs?
I purchased some recently from 2 different sellers . My problem is one picture showed yellow ones BUT none in my bag . What flavors does yours have.
how many candies are in 2 lbs.
about how many mints are in the 5lb pkg? and are these splenda sweetened?
what country are they made in ?
Are they pareve?
what sweetners are used in these?
how many calories per piece?
Do you know how many gumdrops per pound? I want to use them for a craft.
Are the smaller size gumdrops spice flavor?
How big are they?
what is the difference in size between these and the GIANT ones?
Do these contain gelatin?
anyone have the measurements of the individual boxes? I want to see if they will fit into the favor boxes I have already purchased.
Are they boxes or bags of cracker jack?
Are these in bags or vintage boxes?
Please confirm these are boxes with the vintage print
What is the shelf life? I don't want to order to early.
I need 150 of these boxes but I need to make sure they are BOXES (not bags) and are the vintage packaging(not the ones we find at grocery?
Some of the reviews said that they received bags rather than boxes of cracker jacks. What is sent when ordered?
Are these for boxes? Is it the old fashion box as shown or the new style? And what is the expiration date?
Do they have an expiration date?
Is this listing for boxes or bags?
Do you know appx. how many pieces are in the bag?
How long does it take to ship and deliver this item
is tapioca an ingredient in these almonds?
how many in 1 lb bag?
How many calories?
How is this candy packaged? Is it in a plastic bag like you would buy it in the store? Any problems with it arriving melted?
I can't seem to find an answer to the shelf life of gravy master
Is there a difference between "Gravy Master" and "Gravy Master Sauce," and if so, what is it?
Is there a difference between gravy master and kitchen bouquet? M
What are the ingredients?
shelf life?
Do you really only get 12 individual packs? For $1.00 a pack? That would be crazy!
how many individual bowls of soup come in a 12 pack?
Why does this cost over FIVE TIMES what you'd pay in a grocery store? That's insane.
Is it vegetarian?
Does this product have Trans fats, and is it loaded with saturated fat and sodium? Thank you!
How many servings in one packet and how much sodium per serving?
Are these cherries dead as well as being dried, or are they zombie cherries? It's important to be specific about this sort of thing.
how much sugar per serving?
Please list the ingredients in the description. Would like to know if these have added sugar and/or preservatives. Thank you.
is this a USA product, did not see the source from the bag online. Thanks
are they sour cherries, or sweet cherries
Are these dried cherries organic? Non-GMO?
expried date ???
Is this oil from China?
What is Canola oil, Is the olive oil?
I can see behind the label "Canola GMO" written in permanent marker on the container..anyone else?
is it expeller pressed? or do they use solvents?
Is it non-hydrogenated ?
are these non-gmo??
how many g of protien?
how many g of protien?
How many "PointsPlus"?
Size: Is this for one 32oz carton?
Hi I want to order some, Can you tell me how many you get for 14.95 Thank you
Is this still for 6. Thank you
How many 32 oz cartoons do I get for the price of 19.05?
Is this an instant pudding? Or, does it need to be cooked on the stove?
Country of Origin? Does it have a certified or verified organic label?
How much beet root powder is in the package?
Is there any other ingredient in this product besides beets? Such as a anti-caking ingredient?
where is the product orgin? Is it from the US?
How much of this powder would be equivalent to eating one beet?
does this organic beet root powder dissolve completely, like for ex. instant coffee?
This came up under a 'natural food coloring' search. I'm looking for something to bake with. Does this powder have a taste?
Is it stored in a container?
How can a product made in China be USDA Organic?
what is the sodium content of this product?
Is the Matzo here, from Passover 2014 or is it REALLY 2 year old?
What is the size of one Yehudah matzo?
Is this an UNSALTED cracker ?
How many crackers are in each box?
Are they packaged well to prevent breakage?
WHY ARE these listed under gluten free if they are not?? What ingredients are really in them? thanks!
is this salted?
Are these gluten free?
The Price For Kosher Food: Do U really think that people are so Stupid to pay the prices For example the Matzo 5Lb I pay $4 and change..on the internet they should have a better deal- I notice that not every ITEM sell on Internet has delivery the best...
first harvest ?
HOW DO I USE THIS PRODUCT?
Does anyone know if this matcha is sweetened or unsweetened? Im looking for unsweetened matcha!
How does this compare to PureMatcha Organic Ceremonial Grade Matcha? Is the quality or taste any different?
I've read that (especially) Chinese green tea leaves contain lead, 40 x's that of steeped tea, so I'm wondering if this tea comes from China?
What is the best way to store it after opening it to keep its freshness.
Does this come directly from an area free of radiation from the nuclear disaster?
How can I get this to completely dissolve ? Used wisk, used beverage mixer(best, but still some sediment) used fine mesh strainer. Just to drink?
Can you mix this tea with cold water or does the water have to be hot for it to blend well?
What are the exact ingredients in this tea? It does not say from the picture :)
i made the slits before roasting the fresh chestnuts, but they oozed sticky and white foam while roasting. does anyone know why?
Can you freeze them?
If the package is unopened how long are they good?
what if your not going to use them right away, do you still put them in the refrigerater?
How to use chestnuts in baking
When it says 5.2 ounces and they Pack of 6--does it mean there are actually 30.12 ounces?
Are these chestnuts from China
How are these in stuffing?
What is the expiration date?
I can't figure out the freshness date for the packets of chestnuts I have. The only numbers on the package are: PH05MTB6040 164 Any guesses? Tnxs.
Do you rinse the brine off before cooking? Thanks
How much salt is in the brine? Thanks
What are the real instructions? Box says overnight/30 min lb but website + instruc video say overnight/1 hr lb (what is correct?)
I was about to order three of these kits ... until I saw the shipping charges! You're going to charge shipping for each package separately? Really?
I have a 13 lb. turkey. How much brine should I use from the packet so the turkey seasing isn't too strong?
can brine and rub be used together
will 24 lb turkey fit in the brining bag?
How many pieces roughly are in the bag?
What flavors are included??
What is the 'sell-by' date on this product? How long is this product considered fresh??
what percentage alcohol?
Is this gluten free? Is this packaged in a glass or plastic bottle?
I don't actually see where the label says "organic", or the seller's description. Can organic be verified?
Does this come in glass bottle?
does this item have alcohol in it?
is this alcohol free?
is there any sweetener alternative added? If so what? Ty
Does this contain propylene glycol?
Is your vanilla annatto free?
what is the flavor difference between the pure vanilla and the gourmet vanilla?
How many carbs in each packet?
What is the shelf life on the packets?
Is this crunchy?
How many calories in each packet?
Hi- how many packets come with this?
how many calories in loose chai tea?
What is the caffeine level?
Can I use this in my Keurig reusable k cup? Does it brew long enough in one to extract the flavors?
What are the ingredients? Does it contain any type of sugar?
Does it contain benzaldehyde?
Does this particular item contain three bottles of extract as shown, or one?
does this tea have caffeine in it? I don't see a newmans own organic family sized decaf tea...
Please help. It states "Pack of 6", yet also, 22-Count Family Size Bags. So do I get a total of 6X22 (132) bags?
How many regular tea bags are in one of the family sized tea bags?
Where is this tea grown?
will one bag make a gallon of iced tea or do you need to use two?
Can I cold brew this? And by that I mean, can I put it to steep in water and it will be ready in a couple of hours or so(not overnight).
does this contain caffeine
does the package specify that these raisins are unsulphered or are there are any additives?
Are there any additives beside grapes? Like oils or sulfur?
Are the organic sun-maid raisins gluten free?
1. Is there any added sugar , oil? 2. Is it Unsulphured Raisin? Looks like its a great deal.
Is this the version that has added oil?
how many calories per cup (or serving, whatever that might be)?
what is Potassium Content?
What is the carb count per one cup serving
What is the sodium content
How does this work for making yogurt? Does it thicken up?
Is this suitable to use for my protein drink?
What is the shelf life/expiration date on the containers? Thank you.
Why do they call this coconut drink instead of coconut milk? That sounds sketchy.
What are the exact, complete, ingredients as listed on the package?
What is the sugar content?
Tell me please, each lollipop have individually wrapped?
What flavor are these lollipops? Do they come in assorted colors as shown?
If I order several orders of these, do I have to pay that many shipping charges or can they be combined so that the shipping would be cheaper?
what`s the Expiration date
what`s the Expiration date if I order the item this week?
Is there real actual fruit on the bottom, or are they only fruit flavored?
When the baby ready to eat this baby yogurt? 9 months + ?
Is the item durable?
What are the directions? How much loose tea per cups of hot water?
Can this be used to make kombucha?
Is this tea similar to the substance found in the Guyaki products?
Looking for an alternative to coca tea to help avoid high-altitude ick for a hiking trip. Does anyone have experience with Guyasa at high altitudes?
Is this the same as coca tea leaves. That's what I'm looking for. Thank you.
Do you just spoon the loose leaves directly into the hot water in your mug and drink it with the leaves floating around?
What's the best flavor?
I have received 2 bags so far. The first one was delicious! This second bag, doesn't taste the same, nor smell the same. Possible I got a bad batch?
Anyone know is this is considered a herbal tea?
how to find expiration date? I don't see any
Are they paleo friendly?
Are these chips cooked plantain or dehydrated raw?
What are the ingredients? Can anyone share the ingredients listed on the packaging?
how do you store boba beans after you open them? how long does the open boba last?
About how many juice balls are in each 7 oz container?
Do you have to refrigerate before you open them? Or just store in cool dry place?
I see that this company also produces an organic sprouted WHEAT FLOUR? If processed in same facility, then all products X-CONTAMINATED?
Is this flour gluten free?
Is this flour processed around any nuts?
Does the vendor list where the rice has been grown?
Is information about the arsenic levels in this rice available anywhere? Does your grower, Lone Pine Enterprises, monitor arsenic levels?
Do you have to store the sprouted flour any special way?
WHAT type of flour is being used in this? Is it EINKORN Wheat?
Do these wheat berries require grinding to mill flour for useage?
Why is this product 500% more expensive than the organic flour I buy at the store?
What type of flour is used in this 10 lb bag? Is it EINKORN or what type of wheat is sprouted
Can you confirm if any of the grains are GMO?
how do you store it?
Where are these nuts actually grown and processed?
are these walnuts processed with other tree nuts?
Is this Non-GMO?
Is there any BHT or BHA in the nuts or the packaging?
Are these walnuts processed in a facility with wheat/gluten?
What is hemp seeds &amp; oil used for
Are these gluten free
Is there an expiry date &amp; when is that?
Can these be used to make hemp milk?
Are these ones "hulled" (with shell)?
Are these ones "hulled" (with shell)?
Title says 12 ounce pouches. Picture of box of 2 shows 13 ounce pouches. Product description says 2 lbs (24 ounces)....... wut?
hemp seeds or chia seeds. can someone tell me which is better and why?- thanks ( I eat chia now and love them) Amy
What are the ingredients?
Why would this be $9.98 when you can buy it at Ingles for $3.28 ???
hi, is the lactic acid used is drived from alcohol ? Dose it contain any alcohol ?
How many bottles is this for? It's only 3.99 at grocery store and less when they have a sale?
The ingredients??
Let me confirm. Five bars @ 2.6 oz for a total product weight of 13 oz.?
Is each bar 2.6 oz or is the total weight of all the bars together 2.6 oz.?
is it cerified kosher?
Is this gluten free?
How much chicory is in the mix?Caffeine content?
Does the coffee come in the original cans or foil bags? Obviously, I want the cans. Love this coffee.
Can it be shipped to Canada I want the donut mix too!
Is this a dark roast? I drink the City Roast, French Market normally, which is their dark roast w/chicory.
Can I use a home espresso machine ? I like very strong coffee. Thanks
Is this 3 - 15 oz. cans?
Is this ground?
How does this taste compare to French Market brand coffee? Is it about the same taste?
anyone know how many calories are in a cone
Does pack of 4 mean we get 4 boxes?
how long do they keep? 48 cones sounds like an awful lot for one little girl to go through.
If you order a "Pack of 4 - 1.2 oz. packages", how many cones are you actually getting? The box says 12 cones so is that 12 per "box" for a total of?
Has anyone used this to make ice cream ...thanks ....
does this have a really DARK color like those dark chocolate bars, or is it more like the color of milk chocolate?
Does it dissolve in cold liquids, like milk?
How long is the shelf life of this product?
Is it organic? Is it raw?
Are the cinnamon baking chips made in a peanut-fee facility?
Is the soy lecithin non-GMO? How much of the soy lecithin is in a 22 oz bag of these chips?
what are the ingredients in the gourmet cinnamon chips
Are these protected during shipping from melting?
what ingredients make up these cinnamon chips?
If I have this shipped, will the box show what is inside? It is for a Christmas gift.
can I chill this and use it when serving sushi?
after the price it says / pieces. .......does that mean more than one piece of salt?
Is this salt block kosher
Is this professional grade or cookware grade?
How do you wash it? Thanks.
The description says 16 lbs, but product information says 13 lbs. What is the actual weight of the salt tile itself?
Why is this only available in "Very Vanilla" ONLY? Why not?
How is it delivered? Does it have to be kept cool? How is it shipped?
What is the expiration date on these?
how many ounces of sugar per serving
what is the experation date on these
Are the soybeans in this product GMO free?
are these dates sulphured or unsulphured?
Approximately how many dates are in a (1-pound) package?
are they pitted?
Are your dates organically grown? Are they genetically modified?
How many individual 3.5oz packs are included? Is it 96 packs, or 24?
The directions call for two packs to make a bowl of Acai. It costs 204.00 for 24 packs. Is this worth $17.00 a bowl?
Is this really only enough to make 4 smoothies? For $50? I am confused
Can you ship to Puerto Rico? Your site seems to say you can but Amazon won't permit it
do you ship to the netherlands?
number of packets per order?
is it vacuum packed
Is possible shipping to Italy?? I love this coffe!!
beans? Is this coffee already ground or is it the whole bean?
Where is the expiration date on this coffee.
what is the shelf life?
How many calories per ounce?
Does the can lining contain BPA?
Were the cows producing this milk given growth hormone or antibiotics?
How can this product is gluten-free if there's wheat in it?
are there 2 packs of 34 oz each -that is 68 oz total for $17.76
How many pieces in a bag?
Is this Wherther's Original Caramel Hard Candies? Not Soft On The Inside.
For those who have already purchased, approx how far away is the expiration date? Are we talking about a few months or a few years?
Is this product vegan friendly?
would this product work for Pad Thai?
Pls. list ingredients for this product. Thanks.
How wide is this noodle wafter soaking? I am looking for 1 inch, or wider.
Is this item gluten free and wheat free
Recently purchased this as an ingredient in a recipe for a low cab dessert. The Nutritional Facts state 50g of carbohydrate per serving. Also state 29g of fiber. To me, both statements seemed impossible. Can this be right?
Were the "glass in the substance" allegations addressed by the manufacturer?
In the more recent reviews, people are saying that this is not as pictured - small wafers, but rather that it's big chunks. How does it come?
can i use it to make chocolate?
Will this be helpful in pre-coating polycarbonate molds for chocolate truffles? ... trying to get a hi-luster shine on the finished truffle.
is this item certified organic?
Can I use this Cocoa Butter to make a chocolate?
is this really organic? there is no USDA organic label on the package....
How is this raw if it is spelled cocOA? As far as I understood, cocAO is not roasted (heated past 115F) and cocoA is roasted.
What are the ingredients?
Are these the certs rolls or flat pieces?
Do you get 24 rolls?
What is the expiration date on the package?
Do you make the crystal mints? Round with a hole, clear. We bought them back in the 70's. What is advertised is not them at all!!
Just want to be sure they haven't changed the ingredients, can you post the list of ingredients?
my paper instde the box said made in china
What is the expiration date?
is this gum made in the usa america
so there are 6- 2 lb packages for a total of 12 lbs?
What makes this product "naturally white"? Are all of the bran/germ from the wheat sifted out, leaving only the internal parts of the wheat berry?
Is this Bromated or not?
Does this flour have barley in it?
How is it for sourdough bread?
Is this GMO free?
I just bought a bread machine. Is this flour OK alone in a bread machine, or added to whole wheat bread flour?
Can anyone give me a recipe for white bread using this flour? I want to make it in my bread machine.
Hello. I am looking for organic white bread flour. Your reviews seem to show this being a good bread flour, is this a good bread choice?
Is it "dessicated" with Roundup prior to harvest?
is this a white flour
What is the protein (gluten) content of this flour? I.m looking for genuine Artisan bread flour. Should have over 11% protein to make good bread.
How long till expiry date?
Are the chocolates gluten free?
what is the net weight of the chocolate
How many bags in a box ?
How many coins are in each pouch?
How many bags of coins are in box?
how many bags are in an order?
It says a "pack of 4", does that mean 4 loaves of bread?
Can this be made in breadmachine?
what bread machine setting? my machine does not have a basic setting?
The title of the product page says "pack of 12", &amp; the photo of the box says, "12 pack", then in the description it says "pack of 4". Is it 12 or 4 ?
I baked this one white setting on bread machine.... but the middle of th bread caved in.. any suggestions ?
is a bread machine required? or may mix be done by mixer/hand?
How do you ensure that the roasted coffee beans are fresh? I know you typically want to drink this coffee within 2 weeks of it being roasted. Thanks!
How do you ensure that the roasted coffee beans are fresh? I know you typically want to drink this coffee within 2 weeks of it being roasted. Thanks!
Why does PETA say that this coffee is produced by enslaving wild animals in cages while the product description claims the civets are recued &amp; free?
how do you make the coffee?
Why are you selling a product produced from caged animals?
How come this oil doesn't smell like coconut oil? :(
Does this need to be stored in the refrigerator? Thank you...
Can you just eat it?
Can you cook with this oil?
is it cold pressed and organic?
Is this considered virgin coconut oil?
Is the container glass or plastic? Thank you.
Where is this product made?
Is it good for oil pulling?
I want to use this brand product for my hair..Is it good brand?
does this have to be stirred everytime I use to because the oil separates?
What percent of cashews is in this mix?
What is the country of origin?
is this a creamy style or more towards crunchy?
What is the actual ingredient list? Any added sugars/oils?
What does shipping cost for three jars?
The description states, "...these organic live foods are crafted..." ~~~ does this mean the nuts are sprouted first please?
Is this product made from roasted seeds? Also is it whole-seed or hulled?
Do I use the "as is" in hummus recipes, or do I need to add somethign to it first?
Since the Lior tahini has no expiration date on it....How long is it good for opened and in the refrigerator?
Is the jar BPA free?
Is this made in israel proper or in the occupied territories?
Why are some tahini brands runnier than others? Does it indicate lesser quality or make a difference as to what it should be used to make? Thanks! =)
This is Tahini Paste, correct?
Is this four 17 ounce cans? or 17 ounces total?
can miracle noodles be frozen?
What is the salt/sodium content of these noodles?
How do you make this edible and appealing? Trying to cut carbs, but this noodle looks awful, feels slimy. Tried with a garlic-y shrimp scampi- NO!
what are they made of?
Does this product have potato starch in it?
It says on the package that its soy free, yet one response here says its mostly soy. Which is it?
How do you store this product for future use?
Should they be stored in the fridge?
The description says Organic, however one reviewer stated that they are not organic. Can you tell me if these nuts are certified organic? Thank you
Why don't they show a photo of the back of the bag? Are these certified organic?
Are these Brazil nuts pasturized or treated in any way with heat, or are they _truly_ raw?
Do these Brazil nuts come unshelled or in the shell?
Are these Brazil nuts produced/processed in a facility that also processes other tree nuts (e.g. soy, etc) and/or any GMO products?
Are these Brazil nuts processed in a facility that also process other tree nuts (e.g. soy) and/or any GMO products?
Are these nuts produced in a facility that also produces WHEAT or WHEAT products?
Is the product Certified organic ?
Good evening! Are these whole or pieces. Thank you!
Country of Origin?
How can I be certain they are organic when you have a disclaimer that says the product listed may be different than whats in the box?
Are these packaged in a facility that also processes soy and/or milk products?
Are they non-GMO?
where are the grown? are they steamed? how old are they?
Are these fair trade?
Are these Organic Raw Cashew nuts?
when it says 5# bulk, what does that mean?
How much product does this make after mixed with water? Anybody?
What is the shelf life and once open how long does it keep
Is this Organic or conventional powder milk?
What is the storage life for this milk ?
Does this product contain soy?
Why does it say to use previously boiled water? Are they saying warm water so it will mix easier?
Does anyone know where this is made?
Is Peak Dry Whole Milk Powder that is from Holland made from Gurnsey or Jersey cows milk.
If I buy Peak 900 gr today , what is the expiration date ? Thanks
May I ask where Peak whole milk powder is from, and what is the best use date? Thanks
How many digestible carbs per serving when the fiber amount is subtracted?
Is the 6 pack a variety pack or a 6-pack of the soybean spaghetti?
where is this product made?
What is the actual carb count on this spaghetti?
Are the soybeans GMO free?
Is this organic?
Can this be used to make goat cheese.
is the pasteurized I hope not.
Since it's pasteurized do you all think it is still better than cow milk? I'm trying to decide which powdered goats milk is best for my toddlers.
Is this infant formula?
What is the expiration date?
can u use cold water with this?
What is the source for this milk? Is it American?
Is this lactose free?
can it staying long time without of the refrigerator after i mix it with the water already ? how many hour it still good if not keep it in refrigertor
how many fish in a bag?
are these the mini fish or the full sized candy?
Are these the Red Fish or the Assorted mixture?
how many pieces of candy are in each little package?
are they kosher?
I need for a party in 9 weeks. I understand are individually wrapped. I would like to purchase now but should I wait until closer to party date?
why did your price jump from $11.93 to $20.21 in just 2.5 weeks.u just lost a good customer.
Why have your $ for swedish fish went from $12.44 to $23.64, i paid 23.64 for 2 boxes from you,i was thinking of returning but your $ is too much,why?
how many fish are in the individually wrapped bag?
I'm looking for the ones actually made in Sweden. Are these made in Sweden?
ARe these raw and organic honey sticks?
does it come in a package (like a box)? or in a paper bag mail?
how long are they?
Are these peanut free?
Are these kosher? and if so which symbol is on the package?
i would like an igredients list and also a nutritional breakdown
I am taking warfarin and have been told coq10 should not be taken with it but the shakes have coq10 in them, what else in in the shakes.
what are all the ingredients?
What are the ingredients in arbonne essentials?
Any idea how much sodium??
I am on weight watchers , have you calculated the points for a 2 scoop shake. thank you
what amino acids and amounts are in this product
How much water do you add
how many calories in a 12oz (2scoop) shake with only water?
How many grams of sugar/fructose and sodium are there per serving?
Are you really charging customers 44 dollars for 4 lbs approx??? $10.00 per pound for cheap Hershey's chocolates???
Approximately how many pieces
If I order this now - will they still be ok for Jan 2014?
If I order this now - will they still be ok for Jan 2014?
When is the expiry day? Are they in bulk or in a bag?
Is this 100% PURE coconut palm sugar? Or has it been processed with white sugar?
does this offer the same sweetness as sugar, for lower glycemic index? i.e., tsp for tsp, is it AS SWEET in taste, or do you need more of it ?
Is it non-GMO?
I don't see anything about this being gluten free. Is it made in a facility that also processes gluten products?
where does it come from? what country does the sugar originate from?
where is it made
Does this tagliatelle pasta contain EGGS? I am vegan and this is very important to me. Thank you!
is this a fortified product. I do not want a grain fortified product.
How many servings per pound of tagliatelle?
Does this product contain sugar ?
What is the shelf life of this product? (General expiration date...1 month, 1 year?)
I read king arther powder malt will become a brick if not used fast, how about this
Title says: Carnation Malted Milk, Original 2 Lb 8-Oz but description says it is 2.5 gallons. That is wrong, right?
What is it 2.5 pounds or 2.5 gallons?
How many calories and carbs per tsp or tbls
is this a powder
Ok, next question: Can I make a very diluted instant nonfat powdered milk and add more of this to make the proper consistency?
I want to use this instead of powdered mik for cereal and pancake mix. Can I just add water to this as I would if using powdered milk?
How large are these stones? Can they be used to make sole?
Does this salt contain iodine
I wanted to make my own "basket" of salt rocks lamp. Is this the same type of salt used in therapeutic lamps?
Approximately how many rocks are there in the two pound order? We'd like to use these as favors at our wedding, so I need a rough quantity.
where are you located and how can i be sure this is REAL himilayan salt??
With all these conflicting reviews, I don't know if my grinder will work or not. Some say no problem. Some speak as if it is concrete.
is this salt wet, like the reviews on celtic sea salt claim?
Is this salt unrefined?
is it too tough for an electric mill
What minerals are present?
Is this salt free from Gluten cross contamination? ie-is it processed in a facility that processes any wheat or gluten ingredients?
Can I grind this salt in a salt grinder?
Does this salt contain iodine?
HI, on the 2LBs bag says (food grade) and it does not on the 4LBs. Anyone knows what it means? Thanks.
what is the sodium content of this product?
Is there supposed to be a slit around the ring? Mine looks like it's torn/open? Is that normal?
how many servings per bag
Does this bag come with a redeemable rewards star sticker, like the ones I buy at Costco? That would be a bonus.
when is the shelf life?
Do you ship to Israel
Carb count? Fiber content?
Is this unsweetened?
Is there salt in this almond milk?
What is the pH of original Silk Almond Milk?
Does this have added calcium? Or what's the calcium content?
Expiration date... What's the expiration date on this stuff?
What are the ingredients?
what is the size?
are these bees flat or 3d
Are they sold in the container from the mfg? I need to have them in the container that shows they are kosher. thank you
do you think the packaging is safe enough to checkin and carry them on a long flight?
How long do they last for ?
What diameter vase is needed for these... I need to send my wife to work with a vase, I've got two, one is 4" in diameter and one is 6-8" in diameter
I would like 60 yellow roses. Is that possible?
Do these come with a Vase?
delivery to canada
i want my gf receive the flower on valentine's day (Feb 14th), she is in newyork with the postal code 10007, which delivery day should i choose?
The description says "50 GIANT Red Roses" and it also says "4 Dozen Long Stem Roses". I want 50 not 48. So which is it?
I would like to order these roses, but I want the delivery date to be a specific date in the future, is that possible?
I'm clueless when it comes to scents, but my receipient of the roses ~loves the fragrance so much, does anyone kno of the closest bottled version(s)??
do you have a customer service ????
Are these unsulphered? Does organic mean, automatically, that these are unsuphered?
The last three bags I ordered were either rotten, or dried out inside. Has anyone else complained about this?
Could those who have bought these figs recently, and got quality product, tell us the lot number on the package (below the expiration date)?
Does this item consist of 3 40oz bags or just one?
are these whole figs or dried figs im looking for fresh whole figgs not dried figgs
exactly what does bio diverse mean ?
Is it true that there are a sugar added and no sugar added version of this? I am looking to get a mixture of both.
What is the expiration date of the product if I order now?
What is the expiration date of the Figs shipped by Amazona this date - 04/01/2014
Can i please get expiration dates
The Product description reads (pack of 8).. Is the order for 8 bottles, 46 ounces each bottle for $27.97 ?
What is the calorie count and the shelf life of this cherry juice?
Where is it produced?
Is it organic?
Does it contain sugar?
is this from concentrate? or pure 100% pressed cherries? Thanks!
glass or plastic bottle?
hat are the specific ingredients?
Are the containers glass or plastic???
Is that the same Juice ? After ordering 4th time Indian summer Montmorency cherry juice I've found that it's completely different on. It's not tart, it's not cherry . It's cherry flavor water drink . I have one bottle from the previous batch and I was...
Why is the expiration date not listed?
I like a very strong black coffee. Is this the one?
isitout dated?
Do these cups fit the newer 2.0 Keurig brewers?
Why is the price jacked up after you purchase this product for the first time?
Is this tulleys italian roast the same dark roast coffee extra bold ?
how many grams the one cup stick , as 1 cup in the UK = 240 grams ,in the US = 120 grams , i need to know exactly how many grams in one stick.thanks.
how many separators i will get in one pack ? and how many cups in the whole pack?
How do I cut the sticks?. I need 1 cup.
Do I measure across the stick or length wise. ?
How do I measure the sticks
it is cold pressed?
country of origin; and is it expellier pressed?
can I rub this on my skin and nails
Hello, I read on label "Product of USA" but coconut trees are only grown in Philippine, NOT in USA, how can this oil is the product of USA?
What is the difference between this product and the jar with a white label reading 100% organic, raw, extra virgin coconut oil?
Can someone take a photo to show the nutritional label/breakdown?
Does it have a strong coconut taste,especially when cooking with it?
Can the lid stay off the jar for a long period of time?
Does it smell like coconut?
This may be a silly question with an obvious answer, but does this come in liquid form as opposed to the milky more solid form?
When will No Fear be available again? I've been waiting for 2 months!
Raising the price by almost 2.00 is not a good Idea. Won't be buying regularly now.Your thoughts?
When will this become available? A direct answer would be most helpful.
what do they mean new taste? Is this original no fear or something else?
Anybody know what the flavor is like? Has it changed? The original flavor was amazing.
Is there anywhere else to order them from
1 to 2 months before available...... This will not be available for up to 2 months?
Why is this so hard to find and keep in stock?
Which certifying body deemed your product Fair Trade? I didn't notice a Fair Trade logo. Thanks!
1. Is this Dutch Cocoa powder?
Which certifying body deemed your product Fair Trade? I don't see a Fair Trade logo. Thanks!
Does his product have any potential allergens? Such as peanuts?
1. Is Dagoba Cocoa powder "Raw"? Is being "Raw" important?
Is the cacao for sale here in the five pound quantity "Raw" ?
Does the cocoa have a kosher symbol? if so, which one?
What does the Nutritional Fact statement on the package say about the milligrams of cocoa flavonols?
is it easy to use
Is this 100% cacao?
Is this dutch processed cocoa powder?
how to make this sushi
Does this popin cookin contains gelatain??? And what part of it contains gelatain?
Why was my box crushed???
how do know when the popin cookin is done
How long does shipping take? Thnks
Are these Gluten Free?
how is the Packaging
Why is the estimate so long
How many are in the mold? How many does it make?
does this kit taste good ok or bad ?
How many are in each individual box?
is this item kosher? If yes, what certification?
how many for this price/
Is it easy to make?
Does it taste like real bento? or candy?
It might have been nasty from what i read but, is it fun to make? :)
Does anyone know if these are nut-free?
Do it come with the yellow container it shows
what is the expiration date? I will be giving it in December and don't want to gift expired goods
When you order a package fom japan does it go to other countries or does go straight to the United States?
how long will it take to make?
How long does it take to ship to the USA?
is it sweet?
Are these nuts roasted?
Are these Pistachios Pasteurized as are many other nuts?
Are they peanut safe? i.e. not processed in a facility that also processed peanuts?
Would this be considered paleo?
Can anyone tell me what the shelf life on these bars are (or any of the flavors)?
I'm sorry if it says this somewhere else, but how many grams of carbohydrates does each bar have? Please include amount of fiber as well. Thanks!
Can anyone tell me if the nuts and seeds that are in these bars are RAW or, are the almonds, cashews etc. roasted? I don't see it printed "raw" on it.
Protein in grams?
How would these hold up in a backpack during a long hike in hot weather? Would they melt too much?
How many calories? Is Whole soy?
Why almost $30 for 13 simple bars?!
Are these crunchy or soft? Are they a good snack for toddlers and small children? thanks!
where is product grown? Thank you.
is this Non-GMO or non-GE (genetically engineered) ? Thank You...
Why is it filed under "Brown" rice. Now I am stuck with a 15 lbs bag of white rice? Is the nutritional value of this rice equivalent to brown rice?
Is this good for making rice like you get at chinese restaurants?
Is this rice good for making sushi?
when is this produced? is it new rice?
Is this rice grown in California? I want to make sure this is Non-GMO as CA government banned GMO rice strains.
About how many Japanese go sized cups of rice are in a 15lbs bag?
Why did the price go up on this product? I purchased a suscribtion for this product and the last order was $16 and now it's $23.
What is the typical expiration duration for this pack of rice from the date of purchase?
Is this rice organic
Is this rice GMO?
What about the high arsenic levels found in U.S. rice? What is it in this Nishiki Premium Brown Rice?
Does this rice taste as good as Uncle Bens Instant Brown Rice? My kids won't eat any other brand of brown rice.
The nutrition facts are displayed for a 1/4 cup serving size. Does this refer to 1/4 cup of uncooked rice or 1/4 cup of cooked rice?
What is the shelf life of this rice?
How many cups of uncooked rice in this bag?
Can this brown rice be used for sushi?
Is this rice a gluten-free product, processed in a gluten-free facility?
Is this rice gluten free, no cross contamination?
I usually buy t-sacs for my loose tea but I like Melitta products also. Can these tea filters be heat-sealed?
Are they manufactured with epichlorohydrin?
what are the dimensions of these tea bags?
does this include six packages of 40 for that price?
The protein content for this product is extremely high by about a factor of 2. Is it is really black beans? Is it black soy beans?
What is the full list of ingredients? Please show a photo of the back of the package labels!
how many calories in a serving?
Is the serving size of 2 oz for cooked or dry pasta? I cant find it specified on the box.
What is the fat grams?
what is the fiber content?
Where is this product made? I'm not seeing a Made in ______
What phase is this good for?
What flavor would you all recommend? I'm not picky.
If I bought more than one, would you combine shipping?
Is this the price for one box??
When you say 5 count is that 5 boxes of Day Break Bars?
Is this for ONE box of 5? Or, 5 BOXES of 5?
shipping too high
GLUTEN FREE?
country of origin????
are these unpasteurized?
Where are the almonds grown and shipped from?
Are these steam pasteurized?
How far out is the "best by" date, typically? The bag I received today is July 15!
How far out is the "best by" date, typically? The date of the ones I just received is less than 5 months out.
Are these treated with any chemicals, either on the tree or after? fungicides, pesticides, anything else?
how much sugar is added? how many grams of sugar per serving?
CCOF organic certified vs. USDA? Which one is stricter?
is oil added
is there any sugar added?
Where are these craberries produced?
how long do I marinade meat
Does it need refrigeration after opening?
what are the ingredients?
do you sell the Soy Vay Veri Veri Teriyaki Sauce 63z. by the case if so how many in a case and what is the price
Is this 100% coconut water ?- (it doesn't seem to say that). If not 100%, exactly what are the ingredients and the %'s?
Do people refrigerate this or drnk in a room temperature. I find drinking at room temp is far better than ice chilled version. Seeking opinions!
Can you cook rice with this or are there better methods?
Has Amazon corrected the problem off a too hot warehouse?
Is it just me or has anyone else found that the nirvana water brought in the glass jar from the store taste better than this one sold in the can?
How many calories in 16 oz size
Do any of the sellers of Taste Nirvana Coconut Water ship to APO, AE 09330
Why are 12 packs of 9.5 oz. of TNCW more expensive than the 12 packs of 16.2 oz. TNCW at Amazon?
Does your coconut water contain added sugar? How much sugar is in it?
Does this coconut water come in an aluminum CAN or a wax carton? Does it affect the flavor?
does this water have added sugar
Is this water carbonated? I've heard popping as in sparkling waters when opening it. Same sound comes from inside the bottle. Or is it a bad bottle?
If there is no added sugar, why does this brand have 19 grams of sugar vs. other unsweetened brands that have between 9-11 grams of sugar?
i really like the taste but i want to make sure that there is no added sugar..please advise..sonny
Is this coconut water pasteurized?
Is this organic?
What is the country of origin of this kelp?
How much iodine contains/ serving? Or how much DV%?
What is the Nutriotional Value per Gram of minerals of this powder form? TY
What are the test results for heavy metals such as mercury and arsenic for your kelp?
I want to use this in a "mock tuna" recipe. Does this have an ocean or mild fish taste?
Does the label say which species of kelp it is? Thanks.
will these capsules work in Nestl&eacute;'s Dulce Gusto coffee makers?
I am looking the a capsule that has the most strong espresso flavor. Is this it? please advise me of others have a stronger flavor. thank you so much
How long are these capsules good for? ( 6 mos? 1 year?)
Are you sending 10 or 50 capsules at 11$?
Fat content?
How would you make smoothies out of this?
is the bag re-sealable?
What is the sodium content?
whats the "shelf life"?
Once mixed do I need to refrigerate or how long can it sit out?
Can you use this in baking? Has anyone tried? I am not into smoothies but do use a lot of peanut butter in baking.
Just got my PB2, and the bag is hard as a rock! Did anyone else experience this? I haven't opened it yet, but the bag is rock hard. Should I return?
If this answer is here &amp; I don't see it, I apologize. This has 12 packs in it; what is the yield per pack? Is it 2 Tbsp yield per each pack? Thanks!
What is the expiration date? Long shelf life?
Is this order 4 bags of cookies for the price or 4 individual sleeves of them in a bag as they always come.Want to make sure I read it right...
when is the EXP date?
Do these cookies contain trans fats?
How many cookies per bag? If I bought a bunch, and coated some with chocolate, could I actually play chess with these?
We would like to receive bags of cookies with chess designs on the top - are we guaranteed to get that if we order this product from Amazon?
I am ordering these awesome chessmen cookies it says $10.00 for 4pack does that mean 4 little sleeves of them or actually 4boxes all together
When is the EXP date? I need to affirm the date then decide to buy. Thank you !
that sounds expensive for 10 individual capsules; at the store it's less. Where is the bargain to order through Amazon?
Can you use Kuerig cup coffee capsules in the Nespresso?
Are these Arpeggio capsules Reg. or DeCaf?
What is the strongest coffee flavor
What is the strongest coffee flavor
alternative ways to descale my U Nespresso maker?
when it says 10 does that mean 10 sleeves?
Has anyone actually contacted the company making this flour to see if its actually sprouted? I have been getting many different answers. Thanks!
I am looking for a recipe using the Ezekiel 4:9 Flour, 28 Grains Stone Ground Flour (5 Pound) to make one or two loaves of bread at a time.
Is this Sprouted flour ? doesn't say so explicitly in the description anywhere.
Is a full ingredient list available?
I called company yesterday and spoke w/ owner. He said It is not sprouted. I forgot to ask the calories/nutrient content--not on bag, any one know?
Is this SPROUTED grains/flour? Are they all organic? Are they all GMO free? Thanks in advance.
Once you receive this flour, how long is the expiration? Six months, from moment upon arrival? Please specify. Thanks in advance.
Please let me know if this flour is in fact sprouted. I really appreciate it.
Does this product require sprouting the grains or is it ready to use?
Is this made by the same people who make the Ezeqiel bread &amp; cereal? Thanks in advance.
Just need to be sure, have they mixed this with cane sugar or is it 100% coconut palm sugar?
Carbs, calories, nutritional info??
Where the expiration date is important to me
Is this sugar gluten free
What is coconut sugar?
Carbohydrates
Let me try again, how do you make powdered sugar with this product?
Is it low in calories
are these 4 i pound bags or just one large 4 pound bag?
IS IT CERTIFIED ORGANIC
What is the calorie count in palm sugar? Can someone tell me the calorie and carb count?
What is the full ingredient list of product?
For $12.99 doI get 1lb bag or two 1lb bags (as seen in the picture?
How many carbs?
Can anyone tell me if this is Gluten free? I can assume that it is, but it is probably better to ask...
Has anybody tried Stevia to compare sweetness test? Have used this and baked with it for 10yrs now. No high and low sugar spikes
What do they eat
if i plant this plant outside in my garden is it a perennial and return every year?
I want to get this for my child for Christmas... Will the seeds last that long without being planted?
When is the expiration date of these 4 packs?
what is the expiration date
What's the Expiry date, please?
what is the expiration date
please specify expiration date
What's the Expiry date, please?
Whats the Expiry date?
What is the sodium content of one serving
I have never tried miso, once this is open what kind of fridge life does it have? thanks
Is this considered a white, yellow, or red miso?
Is this GMO?
is it unpasteurized?
can this be used for desserts? i want to make a frosting with this using only 1/4 cup
Are the sesame seeds used raw or roasted?
Is it a raw tahini or already blended with water etc.?
WHAT DOES IT DO?
Is the actual TAHINI made in the US - or just the glass bottle? Can't tell from photo above, please advise.
does it have any flavor?
Do you ship to South Korea? Is it chilled or ambient? What is the shelf life?
The Amazon description states that it's made in a dedicated facility but I can't see the label - is it truly peanut and tree nut free?
are the sesame seeds mechanically hulled?
How long will this jar of tahini keep once opened and do you have to refrigerate it? Thanks!
Is the product actually "cold pressed", as the photo shows, or is it "expeller pressed"?
Is this oil refined or unrefined? Thanks!
does it come in A bottle or platic
What temp is the oil good for
How long does Loriva Walnut oil last when kept refrigerated??
What is manuka stands?
Is item packed in New Zealand? Or it's packed in the US? Please reply ASAP. Thanks
Is item packed in New Zealand? Or it's packed in the US? Please reply ASAP. Thanks
aren't the organisms that make this drink microscopic animals? if so, how can it be called vegan?
Can I order a Kombucha Starter now as a Christmas Gift? How long will it last in it's current state?
It's been in the 90s where I live every day. If I order this, will it turn nasty in the heat sitting in the back of a delivery truck all day?
Hi! I brew batches in 5 gallon jars. I'd like the new one to more or less fit. What diameter, approximately, are your mother scobies?
does it have to be started outside in the sun?
HI, I would like to order a Scoby burned it ASAP. If I order today how soon can you get it in the mail to me? Thanks,
Hi, If I order 2 scabies will the shipping be combined, and if so, what would it be please to CT 06758? Thanks.
is the starter brew that comes with it enough to make your first batch
if i refridgerate it will the scoby be ok?
I am traveling oversea by boat, about 2 weeks, dose it still work if I take it unopened after 2 weeks or more?
I added the grain into 1 cup organic goat milk, waited for 24 hrs. it's still runny and not creamy at all. should i wait longer?
Do the raw grains have milk added to them already..before shipping?
How are they packaged? I am having them sent to a re-mailer and they need to be leak proof.
can these grains be used with coconut milk?
Are the grains supposed to grow or reproduce? its been almost two weeks that i've had mine and i havent seen any growth, milk does get thick though
my grains are not rubbery but more like cottage cheese is this okay?
How long can this product hang out in its package without refrigeration? I am traveling and want to take it overseas - unopened.
Do these grains need to be rehydrated in milk before being used to make kefir?
you don't have the amount you include for that price,...how much do you ship to buyers? Others say 1 tsp or 1 tbsp...
Can you use organic 2% milk? I assumed you could since I purchased Kefir made with low fat milk.
I'm having a crab boil for my mothers birthday and need about 30lbs. problem is I do not have a freezer big enough to freeze - how long will they stay
Do you sell Snow crab claws only?
how many snow crabs are they in total?
What size are they .number1?
does this product have a pop up pourer spout when you open the cap?
What is the acidity of the oil? Is it greenish or yellow in color?
Does the bottle state the harvest date and expiration date? If so, is the harvest date in Oct/Nov? and is the expiration date 1.5 years out?
Is this bottle glass or plastic?
I always have trouble opening this particular olive oil, the caps just spins. Thank you
How long after expiration can be used ?
CAN THIS BE A GIFT
Would you compare this to Nutramigen or Alimentum, as far as having the milk proteins already broken down? Have you used those?
What's the difference between this formula and the one that was discontinued that it replaced (Good Start Protect)?
I have 8 month old twins that eat 50% breast milk/50% formula and do well on Gerber Soothe, but was thinking about switching.. How does this one differ? More vitamin D? anything else? What about taste? Sugar content?
how about the taste?
Can you please let me know the expiration date on this product.
What is the difference between the regular gentle formula and the supplementing formula?
Why the seal of showpiece is written Easy scoop while the goods we have received is written TO REDUCERISK OF DEVELOPING ALLERGIES?
what is the expiration time for the gerber good start gentle powder?
My baby likes the premixed Gerber Good Start. Is the powder just as good? How many ounces does this jug of powder make?
Please what is the expiration date for your current stock. Say I place an order today,what will bethe expiration date on the products I will besupplie
What are the use by dates on formula? How do we know its fresh and not been sitting for a long time
How come this doesn't get the 20% Amazon Mom Discount?
How many scoops are in a 23.2 ounce container? I want to know the servings per container.
Is this actual basmati rice? The description makes it sound like short rice that has added basmati scent. Basmati rice is long and thin, not short.
Can anyone comment on maintaining the freshness of a 25-lb bag of rice? Clearly won't fit into a refrigerator, is keeping in a cool room sufficient?
What is the Glycemic index and Glycemic load for this rice?
Perhaps Lundberg can answer too? Is it best to buy from you direct for freshness, the local grocery store, or here?
Is this rice packed and shipped to Amazon where it sits for months in a warehouse like some other products?
What is the PACKED-ON-DATE for this rice? rice like flour has a shelf life and I would like to know if it is fresh and coming straight from Lundberg
expiration date?
Which bag has the calcium? The white or brown? I threw out the box. Ugh.
Can You use this product for canning jams and jellies, or is it for freezer jam only?
Is this organic?
What is the source of the calcium?
Is this product corn free
How much fruit can be made into jam with one pack of this pectin?
How is it the price per ounce is $0.16 when this is a one ounce package of product?
where is this made?
What are the listed ingredients in this pectin? Does it contain calcium?
Gluten-free? dairy-free (including equipment used for its processing)?
Is the corn high fructose corn syrup?
Is this non-GMO?
What is the cacao percentage?
how many carbs per serving? And how large is a serving?
how many bags for $116?
Is the price per 4 pack? What is the expiration date?
Why is this so expensive? I can purchase it at Target for just a little over $3.00 a can.
does it contain aspartame?
what are the ingredients?
is this the same as red palm fruit oil?
Does this have the trademark RSPO
Does red palm oil sometimes have a dark brown color at the bottom of the jar?
Does this product have a rancid smell &amp; taste even when fresh? My order arrived with factory seal broken, black mold around spout &amp; rancid smell.....
can this oil be used for bug bites
is it good to put in your hair as a treatment
Does this oil help with leg pain?
Does this have RSPO on the bottle, need to know as soon as possible...Thank You !!
does the oil need to be refridgerated after opening?
Is this a RSPO Certified oil? I can;t tell by the photo of the bottle.
how does this compare to lets do organic creamed? looks like it might be similar texture thanks for the answers. mostly interested for smoothies/shakes. actually like a bit of texture.
How is this different from Coconut Oil? Like Sprectrum?
I have been using nautical brand extra virgin coconut oil for everything but recently heard I should not be using coconut extra virgin for cooking????
Is the jar plastic or glass in the 30 ounce size?
Is the coconut manna refined or unrefined?
Do you have to heat up the mana every single time you want to use it or does it stay fairly mixed after doing this the first time?
are these chocolate truffles gluten free
How many truffles in each box?
Is it Milk Chocolate or dark Chocolate?
Why is the picture different from what you actually get?
Are they dark chocolate truffles?
Are they dark chocolate truffles?
what is the sell by or use by date on this item?
How many come in a package?
How much popcorn does the Snappy Popcorn 47E Open-Top Popcorn Box hold?
what size is the box
What is the height of the popcorn box?
What are the dimensions of the boxes?
can these stand on their own? or do have to be held the whole time?
Just to be clear before I purchase, does this item come with 100 units? Is that what the description means?
What are these made out of, paper or plastic? Are they reusable?
How many ounces of popcorn or how many cups would be ideal in these containers?
What are dimensions of box?
Hi be nice for a quick reply. Im in the US would they be here quick? and would they be here like really quick?
I purchased this item December 21st. I live in NC, USA. When should I be expecting them?
Are these going to be expired or stale when I get them? There are a lot of bad reviews all saying the same thing.
Where are they made?
How big are these? A comparison would help.
Are they the same as Pims?
Hello, is there any way to track shipping? I know the shipping says it'll take around 3-4 weeks but I was just curious.
Hii, what date is the Expration date?
Will they still be good by the time they arrive since shipping is 18-26 days?
Do you ship to New Zealand?
Is this product intended to taste "green," or are there any other ingredients added for flavor?
Is this GMO free?
Does this product need to be refrigerated once it's been opened?
How to compare this Raw Reserve Original with Amazing Grass All Natural Drink Powder Gree Superfood?
What's the different this product and this one: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00I...
Is this gluten free?
I LOVE this stuff; however, I'm looking for a spirulina from Parry Nutraceuticals. Anyone know where this is sourced from??
how do you seal EASYPACK pod makers
Will they work on the Hamilton beach single serve scoop?
senseo pods: what produces the foam with the use of senseo coffee pads?
No one has mentioned that they use this with the Keurig coffee pots. Are these deep or shallow? I am looking for the K-cup style with the hinged lid
will they work in b&amp;d model hcc100 one cup coffeemaker.
What is the maximum amount of ground coffee you can get in the pod? Thanks
Could I use these in my Bunn My Cafe single pod coffeemaker?
do they work with bunn single cup coffee maker?
Do they work in ez cup pods?
What about verismo
Does this taste like the Paradise Tropical Tea Passion Fruit? I used to drink that all the time, but they stopped making it.
How many bags of tea in a box?
Does this tea contain caffeine?
does the carmel syrup come with a pump
How soon do these usually expire?
Can these syrups be used with milk or cream as a substitute for refrigerated creamers? Thanks!
Does this have carmel color?
Including pump?
is the vanilla syrup 1 liter
Does this one come with the pump?
what date is the expiration of the Vanila Syrup now? And does the pump come with?
Has anyone tried tried this for making yogurt?
one of the reviews I read on here said to use the recipes on the Ball web site but I can't find any for the low-sugar pectin. help.
what are the ingredients?
What is the difference between this and Ball classic pectin? Are the interchangeable? Is the instant pectin also interchangeable with the classi
I can not find a recipe for low or no sugar grape and pemogratin Jelly
can you use it with sugar?
Can you make jam with Splenda using this pectin?
is there any artificial sugars in this?
How many jars are in this order?
is this a good price for pectin? Or is it cheaper if i buy it in a grocery store?
Is there an expiration date for the pectin?
Ingredients
What are the ingredients in this? I want pectin without GMO corn products-- like "citric acid", dextrose, etc
Can I make freezer jam with this kind of pectin?
is this product gluten free?
how much blueberry juice do i need for a batch of jellr
Can this be used instead of clear jel when making canned peach pie filling?
If a recipe calls for 3 oz of liquid pectin, how much of the powder do you use ???
what's the expiration date?
What is the carb count on these?
Was this made in China?
Does anyone know if this pasta would be tasty with Shirakiku - Soba Noodle Soup Base (Tsuyu) OR with feta, tomato, cucumber &amp; vinaigrette served cold?
I just don't understand why the title and description say it has soybeans but the ingredients list doesn't. How do I know which is right?
When you cook a serving size of 2 oz, is that dry? And if so, when its cooked how many ounces is it?
When it says serving size 2 oz, is that raw 2 oz? How much does 2 oz raw equal when cooked?
This used to have organic mung beans as the only ingredient. Now the package says it also has endame. Is it available with just the mung beans?
Is there edamame in this product as the name indicates? Also, why so high in calories?
Why does my package say 10g fiber per serving, but the pictures up here show .5g?
What does Exas mean?
What is the shelf life?
is it sliced or in a slab? I require a slab, is that doable?
is there a corn product used to cure this
With the slabs, how should they be stored and what is the shelf life?
Does this bacon come in individually packaged 8 oz packages?
I'd like to order a box of the smoked chubs, but would like to know approx. how large the fish are. I prefer the small size of about 8-10 inches.
How big is the whole fish
Can the smoked whitefish be frozen?
What type of white fish is this.....cod? whiting? haddock? hake? polluck? ect........
can one buy wholesale as an agent
I cannot seem to find an ingredient list. Is there corn syrup in this product?
Does this product need to be refrigerated or do we leave it on the counter?
Could someone please post a complete list of ingredients? Thanks!
Once opened, how long is this sauce good for?
How many servings come in the bottle?
Does this product contain gluten?
noting the comments about the shelf life and pump not working, why not freeze part and move the rest to a smaller container?
Does the pump come with the purchase or does it need to be bought separately?
Is this much different than the Torani saucethat comes in a gold squeezable bottle?
why is shipping so high. Omaha steaks ships in dry ice for 1/4 the shipping price.
Could you show a photo of the back of the package showing the Country of Origin information?
Where are these crawfish from?
where is the crawfish from?
Is this pod compatible with the nespresso U machine?
Can these be used in a Keurig Rivo 500 Cappuccino &amp; Latte System?
How long does it last?
does it fit nepresso machine
does it work with a nespreso machine?
What type of Coffee Brewer I have to use for these capsules? The one I have these capsules are to small for it?
How is it in grinders? And is it really 26 ounces like it says? Picture looks small but it is just a picture.
Is there any way to grind a coarse salt into a finer one?
What are the ingredients? Are there any added sugars of any kind?
are there calories or carbs in this
Will these work in the new Kuerig 2.0 that scans the top?
is it kosher?
is this coffee or cocoa
"Nothing compares to the flavor, nutrition and value offered by Wild Planet!" What does this even mean?
Are the cans BPA free?
Why arent these packed in sardine oil? Doesnt it make sense to pack them in their own oil?
How are these sardines worth 3.56 a can? I bet most of the price comes from the name brand.
What is the expiration date?
Have the sardines been tested for radiation?
are there bones in these sardines?
Is it gluten free?
Is it good for old people?
This makes 2 gallons right? I am basing that off the 3.2 oz size from Walmart making 1 quart. Just checking, thanks,
How can I find the expiration date?
Is this only good for baking according to the product description. Can I use it for cereal, tea and also smoothies?
If I buy this week, 3/13/15, what will be the expiration date for the milk?
Is this free of toxins,pesticides,and goos,does it have hormons? where is it made in?
Is it made from hormone free milk?
Has anyone tried using a tablespoon or so as coffee creamer? I was wondering is that would work.
can i keep it for one year?what's the expire of this?
Is it good for children?
Do you use with boiling water or can you make with cold water?
How many tea bags do you use when making a gallon and do you add water after it cools off?
How many 48ct boxes of Luzianne Family Size Tea bags do you get for $11.99? www.amazon.com/Luzianne-Iced-48-count...
are these the large bags and how many in a box?
How many 48ct boxes are included for $11.99?
The picture shows whole kamut berries, but the description says it is ground into a cereal. Which is it?
Are these grown in the US?
If you sprout, dry and grind this up to a flour can it be used in place of all-purpose flour?
Bob's Red Mill Organic Kamut Grain: Which is it?
Can kamut be put in a blender and used instead of panko?
can u eat this raw?
For those of you who buy these berries, what is the best machine to grind them with? If I want to bake bread, bake cookies, etc. Thanks in advance.
Should I assume that this is organic &amp; GMO free? If so, is it 100% organic? Thanks in advance.
Are these berries grown in the US? If so, where? What is the best use for these berries, what types of baking? Thanks in advance.
Can one use these to sprout?
What type of grain mill/brand &amp; make should I get to grind these berries, if I want to bake bread, bake cookies, etc.? Thanks
How much bread can you bake from a 1lb package? Thanks in advance.
If I do not store them with mylar bags(have no idea how to) how long witll this last before I grind it?Thanks in advance.
expiration date? how long will it last in oxygen free water free mylar bags in basement for long term storage?
is this product non gmo?
Is Bob's Red Mill Masa good for making Chuchitos or Tamales?
is this product non gmo?
The website lists this product as 10% iron. One picture is small and looks like it says 10%, but the one at the bottom says 4%. Which is it?
Where does the gluten come in to play. Isn't this product made of corn? Is it the fact that it is produced in a factory where there is wheat?
Is it ok to mix half a cup of this uncooked into yogurt?
is this non-gmo ?
is this organic?
Is this a 32 ounce bag or 4 packs of 32 oz?
Can I eat as cold cereal? Pour cold milk and eat? Thx
Whats the difference between these and steel cut or scottish?
can i use this kind oat making pancake? i find a lot diet receipt, and most require oat.
Why are the calories so high? 380/cup? I'm used to closer to 150/cup. If these are JUST rolled oats, why are the calories so high?
What is the expiration date?
Is this product Gluten Free?
Is this generically modifed type, or why doesn't the lable show it?
I'm new to making homemade soy milk. I used Bob's Red Mill soybeans and my milk smells &amp; tastes musty. What went wrong? The exp. date is marked 2014.
can I do sprouting with these soybeans?
The description says four packages of 28oz each, but the label in the image shows 32oz each. Which is correct?
Is this salt fine or course?
any iodine in this sea salt?
Is this a good substitution for Italian 00 flour? I'm looking to make spectacular pizza dough (and pasta)...
Is this fine or coarse semolina? Thanks
How many carbs in 1 cup of semolina?
Is it crunched? Can I use it for sweets?
Can you make hot semolina cereal with this?
It is Eriched Durum Flour. Is the Eriched Durum Flour not as health as None Eriched Durum Flour?
Is this made with American GMO wheat?
what's the difference between this and "Bob's Red Mill Flour Semolina, 24-ounces (Pack of4)"
can this be frozen
Does this flour work well for bread? Maybe 50/50 with regular flour or would it be too chewy? I wonder if the texture is too elastic. Thanks.
Nowhere can I find where it states this product is "gluten free" so is this product gluten free or not?
Can Buckwheat flour be used as a straight substitute for wheat flour in recipes?
I used it for 'galettes' like they do in Brittany. But the result had a very sandy texture, very different from the French 'Treblec" brand. Any clues?
Is this GMO free?
Is it really organic/non Gmo
Package says to store in the refrigerator or freezer. What is the best way to store? Research says no frig.
Is this considered a hulless or low hull product? My son just had braces placed and I'm looking for a product he can have.
Is there a lot of hull debris left in your mouth, and teeth. after eating the popcorn. I don't like the hulls
Why doesn't Bob's Red Milll Popcorn state on packaging that it is no GMO; that is what I was looking for.
Does anybody have an opinion on how it compares to Orville's white popcorn?
is this consider what they call mushroom popcorn
Can I use this in a grian mill to make cornmeal?
Instead of the freezer, which causes freezer burn, how about in vacume bags with oxy absorbers to retard decay?
What is the expiration date of the popcorn that you have in stock at the moment so I know how much to purchase? Thank you.
What the ??? 2X price increase? Looks like I'll be shopping somewhere else.
Can someone tell me what the shelf life of these are (how long away was the expiration date)? I don't eat it every morning!
Can you use it to make bread?
Does this container offer four 6oz bags for a total of 24 ounces or is it 4 bags of 24 ounces each bag.
I am trying to reduce acrylamide in my diet. I see that Bob's rolled oats packaging says that they are are "kiln toasted". Does anyone know if the steel cut are toasted as well ? I'm just concerned that heat processing could be creating acrylamides in...
Where to buy in Augusta, GA
Is there any nutritional difference between the "quick" and "slow" versions of these oats, or is it just a matter of convenience and taste/texture?
do these need a crock pot
Are these GMO-free?
Is there a taste or nutritional difference in the quick cook oats versus these?
Is this a non-gmo product?
Does anyone know if this will make a taco that will puff up when fried, to make a puffy taco?
Has this corn been nixtamalized (soaked in lime)? I know by definition it should be; I just want to make sure.
Does this flour contain malted barley flour?
what is the difference between regular and organic flour?
If used for bread, does this flour require extra gluten added? My current recipe does not, but I've been using a "bread" flour.
The FDA allows organic farmers to dowse their wheat with toxic glyphosate (Roundup) right before harvest to increase yields. Do your farmers do this?
Pack of 4.....5oz should it be 5lbs total 20 lbs?
Is this GMO free?
Can this be used as a true bread flour? Does anyone know the protein content. Bread flour is 11-15%.
Is this only 4 units of 5 pound bags? The price for a single 5 lb bag is less than $4, this is $6.75 per bag.
Is this considered "All Purpose" flour?
Is the weight on these correct? 5 oz bags seems - ridiculously small. I've never seen Bob's flour in smaller than a 24 oz bag
I would like organic and gluten free polenta. Is this gluten free?
What is the sell by or best buy date on the current batch of your grits?
Does the grits have to be kept refrigerated?
Can I buy this one or two bags at a time?
is this polenta non-gmo?
Is there an expiration date? I don't know how long it would take to eat 8 lbs.
Are these Oats NON GMO?
Where are the oats grown?
Are these gluten free?
Amazon sells 4 packs of this. Does that mean one order is 18x4 = 72 servings?
Is this sweet rice the same as mochi? Thank you.
Gluten Free: Can anyone from Amazon tell me if this is the certified gluten free version of this flour?
Can I use this brand of rice flour to make Kimchee?
please tell me where this rice is grown? thank-you.
what is this arsenic in rice, that i have been reading about? Is this stuff safe?
Is this stuff sticky? Short and medium grains usually are.
where is nutrition lable on line?
Where is this rice produced please?
I was wondering has anyone used these for sprouting, I love soybean sprouts and this is a really good deal vs the specifically labeled ones that they say are the only ones you can use for sprouting.
Are these soybeans non-gmo?
Are bob red mill's organic soybeans produced in the usa or imported from foreign country?
Are these the kind you can just eat out of bag?
What year the soybeans produced?
Can you just roast -toast- them in the oven and eat as a sack -like a nut ?
Can the packaging be recycled?
What is the shelf life for these beans? seems like a lot to buy at once and i dont want to waste them, but it is a good deal!
Anyone noticed soybean received looks different from what displayed here???
Can these soy beans used in a salad?
Is this flaxmeal gluten-free? The label shown does not have the GF symbol.
Is the flax meal non-GMO?
what is the expiration date
Is this product ground from the whole flaxseed, or just the hulls? I noticed in recent purchases had foreign stuff and the tasted like bran-like.
Is this flax seed meal as good as the Robs red meal organic flax meal?
Is the flax meal
Are Bob's Red Mill Organic Oats Whole Groats GLUTEN-FREE?
Has anyone used this oat product to grind into a powder, to be added to skin creams/salves ?
Are these unstabilised?
Is the "sell by" date actually August 2014?
Are these raw or have they been previously steamed?
Is groats the same as Hulled Barley - what's the difference?
Is the nutritional information listed here accurate? Because I have been purchasing this product for years, and recently the groats I bought listed a different calorie content than what is shown here. It does not bother me, just curious as to why this...
Are they raw?
Are these the same as hulled barley?
Is this Non-GMO wheat?
This says in the Amazon description that it is made from organic wheat. Yet it does not say so on the bag. What should I believe?
Is this 5oz or 5lbs?
How long is a bag of flour good for? I love the price of the bulk order, but there are only 2 of us in the house, so it will take a good while to use
Anyone use this to bake in a bread machine? How are the results?
I'm confused. Is this 4 packs of 32oz (for a total of 128oz) or is it 4 packs of 8oz(total=32oz)? because the 16 oz whet germ also says Pack of 4
what is the difference between raw wheat germ and and regular wheat germ??
Is it normal for this Germ to taste bitter? It arrived yesterday, put it in the freezer, added it to my cereal this morning, resulted unedibly bitter.
I got yesterday my 4 packs (To be sold by 06/12/2015) I tried it for the first time ever this morning with my cereal. It TASTES BITTER. Is this okay?
I didn't realize the package was supposed to be refrigerated. I left unopened package in a cool pantry for a month. Do I need to toss it?
8 lb s is ALOT -better to freeze unused bags then store them in refig -would freezing cause any harm to quality -potency -thanks.
Is this product organic, or at least non GMO?
How many calories are in just 1 (one) cube?
is this product gluten free?
does product contain gluten
Why does the bag say to use a gold tone filter rather than paper?
I currently use a Melitta Pour-Over Coffee Maker for my coffee each morning. Can I use it to make this or do I need to buy a french press?
I don't have a coffee press. can it be made with a regular drip coffee maker?
Can you use this product in a keurig?
Ground Cacao has a shelf life of 6 months. How do you know these grounds aren't old?
how many calories per 8 ounce cup?
I have a percolator. Has anyone tried brewing this with one of these?
A friend gave me Manoa Brewing Chocolate, which I can't find. It's not ground, more like tea leaves. I make it in a strainer. Would this work?
Can you use this with an espresso machine?
Has anyone else used the grounds once you've brewed them? I've added them to smoothie, but I'm wondering if there are other uses for them.
Ok what else can this be used for other than Kimchee?
Is it gluten free?
What is the country of origin?
Does this product contain M.S.G. (monosodium glutamate) and/or can I find a list of ingredients?
this one is not so hot, right?
Do you just put some of this in a salt shaker to use?
can this be used on hot air popcorn or microwaved (no oil) popcorn?
What is the sodium content in the flavacol salt?
Do you put this in with the popcorn while you are popping it or sprinkle it after it's popped? I have a 6 qt. popper, how much do you use?
i would like some recipee on how to make popcorn on a 8 oz kennel with exact amounts
Can you put this in an air popper with the seeds?
Is there a best before date on this?
Can you use this in a Nordic Ware Microwave popper?
What is the caloric content?
What is on the ILN besides salt? What is in this product besides salt?
Does this have to be refrigerated before or after opening? If so, how is it shipped?
Would this be considered a high ratio shortening? I would like to use it to make buttercream frosting.
Hi. :) Is this palm fruit or palm kernel oil? Thank you.
what is the sodium content? and what is the saturated fat content?
what happens if it melts during transit? I live in AZ, it came melted, but solidified again- is it ok, or will it go rancid?
Can you season/preserve a cast iron with this? Does anyone do this?
does it come from sustainable Palm forests and not harming any animals at all?
Is this considered Palm Shortening?
Can I use this for deep frying?
How does this work in gluten free cookies?
What is the carb count for Swerve?
which is better for baking? Granular or confection?
how many servings?
does it have dextrose
Does this product contain saccharin?
Has anyone used this in homemade from scratch chocolates (like homemade peanut butter cups, etc)?
Can you use this to replace sugar in fermentation like kombucha?
is swerve kosher?
How does this compare to Truvia, taste-wise?
Does the granulated form foam when added to hot coffee
are they produced in a non gluten environment?
when is the expiration date?
what are the calories, sodium and serving size?
What is the sugar content? Can you show me an ingredient list?
does it have soy?
What is the difference if compared with Fleischmanns Yeast? What company is the actual manufacturer of this product (it is definitely not Bob's)?
Can anyone verify if product is made China, I do not purchase food products mfg. in China
If this is supposed to be refrigerated, then how does Amazon ship it to keep it "cool"?
I'd like to know if this is Fast Rise? Some recipes need to use fast rise yeast and I don't know if I can buy this one? Thanks!
does this work in a bread machine ?
Is this yeast organic?
Is this product NON-GMO?
how many does one 12 oz make?
how many cones come in this package?
Is the sugar gluten free?
Is the sugar peanut free?
Do contain alcohol?
are the sticks reusable? please help
How many "medium size" or normal size cones can you make with one of this 12oz bottle?
does this really thicken and grow hair?
Does it give color to hair?
Is it edible?
Does the bowl acd scoop come with it?
Does anyone have any advice on how to prevent the roots from molding ? Mine start molding after about 6 - 7 days? Refrigeration? Ziplock?
I would love to purchase some of this turmeric, but with 16 sellers . . .many with low ratings, sounds like a crap shoot. Recommend a seller?
To anyone who sprouted and planted the root: is it a perennial or an annual to replant yearly?
Is yellow turmeric root the same is yellow root?
what growing zones does the turmeric prefer? I live in zone 7
how to plant
I'm looking for Organic Turmeric Root /fresh
I want to use turmeric for anti inflamatory purposes (arthritis). Do I just grate it and add it to foods, like using fresh ginger?
What is the country of origin/grown?
Hello! I'm into juicing but have found it difficult to find fresh turmeric. Where do you ship from?
any preservatives
How much sugar is in one 16 oz. bottle?
How much caffeine is in an eight ounce serving?
Does this have yellow food dye in it?
What is the expiration date on this product?
Is 10.09 for 6 boxes???
is this really over $1700.00 for 6 boxes
Is this order for 6 boxes containing 10 packets each? Or is it 6 cases??
Did Costco stopped carrying this item? COuldn't find this anywhere in Costco...
what is the sugar equivalent of one packetof sweetener?
Is this made in the US?
How much oil does it take and can you reuse the oil? How do you dispose of the used oil?
Is it gluten free?
What is in this stuff? Is it just oil and seasoning or is there artificial flavoring? Also, how much of this do you need per bird? TIA!
what is the shelf life of both versions?
As being a novice at this, does the seasoning kit come with instructions as to how much and where to inject the turkey?
How much oil does it take and can you reuse the oil? How do you dispose of the used oil?
Is it gluten free?
What is in this stuff? Is it just oil and seasoning or is there artificial flavoring? Also, how much of this do you need per bird? TIA!
what is the shelf life of both versions?
As being a novice at this, does the seasoning kit come with instructions as to how much and where to inject the turkey?
How much, exactly, is the number of pieces in the 5lb bag?
Are they individually wrapped?
There are lollipops shown in the photo why? Do these dispense well in a commercial gumball machine? Can I get a gumball machine sign? Thanks
why not come back with butter rum?
Is it halal? or added any pork ingridients?
Do you have the Cinnamon candy by itself?
what are the flavors in the original
How many pieces of each flavor (on average)?
can i just order the green apple flavor?
How long can you keep it in your cupboard, what kind of expiration date is on this ?
is it manufactured in the US?
is the chicken from USA
does the 12.5 ounce include water weight or just the chicken?
WHERE CAN I BUY IT?
is the can an easy open pull off top? or does it require a can opener?
Is it processed in the US? Many poultry and meat packers are shipping their product to China to be processed.
is the chicken cooked
sodium content ?...( the label is UNREADABLE )
is it pre cooked
what is god for
What's the difference between these and hemp hearts?
recipes?
If seeds are being blended into milkshake, should they constituted prior?
Will they grow, if planted and cared for (For hemp cordage)?
Are these unhulled?
Trying to decipher exactly how this is packaged. do you get six boxes of 15 pieces each? How many actual pieces of candy do you get for the $8.99?
Is it FRESH? I want to know the production date. Could you please give me a date range?
please clarify what is the total number of candies 15 or 15X6=90 ?? awaiting reply
How do these compare in taste/texture to store brands like dixie lilly or house autry?
Are these kosher if so where is the kosher symbol?
I need coarse grits.... big ... how coarse are these?
Are these REALLY organic? And who is OCIA?
How many bottles come with this order?
Is this the light or the regular champagne dressing?
How many bottles are included with the Online Grocery item? (The reply by Quality Green Products is not helpful.)
can you list the ingredients?
Is this for a single 16 oz bottle of product or a 4 bottle case?
is it a plastic or glass bottle
Is there an expiration date?
How can this be natural when it contains propylene glycol? Although its a natural compound and found in deicers &amp; hand sanitizer!
What are the ingredients listed on one of the bottles?
Are these weak when baking? I'm used to peppermint extract, where only a little goes a very long way. Do these work as strong as that?
are these sweet? would these be good for flavoring soda water?
can you use this to make perfume or roll on scents or for buring oil?
Can I get the actual ingredient list on your extracts. Thank you.
I ned to know if these colors are clear? Specifically the strawberry flavoring? I need it for white icing. Thanks!
Can you use these in making soap?
Do these smell like each flavor? I am looking for an extract that smells like each flavor for an elementary school project.
I know these don't come with eye droppers, but is there a plastic lid under the main lid to allow adding drops at a time?
How many carbs per packet?
Quantity in box? How many of these packets come in a box?
how much does each packet make when dissolved?
What is the expiration date??? Yeesh
Aproximately, how many sheets you could print with this set? 8 X 11"
Are these edible inks compatible for the Canon MG5320?
Do you have edible ink for the mg 5520 canon printer I do need the set
Is this ink kosher?
will this ink work on MG5420??
Do these cartridges work in the Canon MG5520?
Are these refillable?
Are these edible inks compatible for the Canon PIXMA iX6820
A set for the 5320 is 5 cartriges 4 skinny ones and a fat black one. is this included in your "set"
Are these ink cartridges compatible with the updated printer model of the MG5320? The new model is MG5420.
What is the expiration date of this product
anyone know if there is bpa in this can please?
the can does not say how much it makes. with regular scoop fulls how many litres?
should the powder that is not yet used from an open container be refrigerated?
The nutritional information is confusing. What is the serving size in terms of grams of dried powder, i.e. how many grams of powdered milk do we use?
are these processed in a facility that also processes wheat?
is this ready to eat?
What are the ingredients? I would prefer no salt or sugar added. Thanks.
does the package contain packaging date and expiration date?
when do they expired?
Are your almonds treated with PPO?
are these processed in a facility that also processes wheat?
Are your marina sliced almonds that are sold at Costco steam treated or gassed?
is the item durable?
Is this shipped with dry ice?
what size are the salamis (ounces?)
what size are the salamis (ounces?)
Is this a gluten free product?
what is the actual weight of the salami in this bundle?
How many grams of sugar per bar?
How many bars does this purchase include all together?
is this packed 6 boxes and 5 bars in each box?
Please show me the list of ingredients.
Can I use these sugar sheets with an edible ink printer?
Can you rubber stamp with food coloring &amp; cut out?
How is this different from fondant?
Could I write on this with a cookie decorating marker? And can I cut it with a scissor? Thanks!
I want to use the sugar sheet to create biodegradable confetti. Can I use regular craft hole punchers to do this?
Will a silhouette cameo cut these sheets?
Can I use this in place of wafer paper for making nougat?
is this kosher certified?
how many do you get?
how many bottles in 1 order?
What is the expiration date?
How many calories and carbs are in this thing?
Does it taste like marijuana?
how do you store it?Is it messy?
Is this product kosher?
is this curing salt number #1 or curing salt number #2
I have a1 Pound bag of pink salt I bought From your company I have no idea what number cure where on the package does it say. the label is unreadabl
What are the ingredients? Is it gluten free?
Why would I get this particular type of rice instead of the Bomba rice I've used before? What is the difference between the two?
What are the directions on the ratio of rice to water?
what is the yield on a 2.2 # bag od rice-how many servings?
how long does it take to ship
what is the cost of shipping this 2.2 lb bag of rice to me in VA
Is the rice "Bomba" or "Balillax x Sollana"?
Does anybody know where these are grown? I cannot tell by the label where they are from
where are they grown and are they non GMO and organic?
where is it produced
Is this made from corn?
Has or does anyone use this to put in their coffee ? So far everyone who answered my question used it to bake with I want to use in my cup of coffee
Are these packets or just loose powder in the bag ? Does it have an after taste like stevia ?
Anyone use this to make iced tea? Does it crystalize when chilled?
The package does not say where it it made. Is it made in the USA?
Granular or powder?
Does this REALLY have no after taste?
Is this product made from corn (or anything that's derived from corn)?
could this be used in place of sugar in , say, Chocolate Chip cookies, or brownies
Is this GMO free?
Is this a bulk package or individual packs?
I was unable to find the ingredients for this product. Can someone list them? They need to be gluten free if I am to eat them. Thanks!
Are these the same as the Latter Day Saints use? Heard those were the BEST!
how do I measure for 5 people?
Do these require refrigeration, either before or after opening (if all of them are not used at the same meal, but not yet rehydrated)?
does anyone know the shelf life of this before and after opening?
HI :-) can someone please tell me if i need to add BOILING water or hot TAP water??? thank you :-)
are these gluten free ?
Can I get the complete nutritional details on the back of the bag?
What are the ingredients in this? I'm trying to see if there are any preservatives used, and if so, what?
Are these plums/prunes from the USA?
how many packs ?
Does anyone know the country of origin for this product?
Before I order, please tell me if these are indeed GERBS pumpkin seeds. Also, are they grown in the USA? Thanks.
are these ready to eat or do you have to remove shells? Thanks.
Could you tell what is written at the back of the bag? Is there something like ''packaged in a facility that also handle peanuts'' ? many thx
Before I order, please tell me if these are the same pumpkin seeds in the picture. Are they the tiny green ones? Or are they the BIG white ones?
this is a shell less item ??
What's the expiration from the time you bought your bag? Wanna get a rough estimate on expiration dates.
Are these from a nut free facility?
is this product salt free?
They have salt?
Okay to use for green tea?
Does the Ekobrew allow grounds in your cup? Does this product allow grounds or powder in your coffee cup after use?
b130 compatible
How does this product compare to the refillable Kcup by Keurig?
I have a mini plus Keurig B31..will ekobrew cup work?
Fit and function in an Keurig B40? Does the Ecobrew fit and function in my B40 Keurig coffee brewer??
Does this fit in the Mr Coffee Keurig: Does anyone know?
Slow brew fix? I just bought one of these and it brews very slowly. I thought the problem was fine ground coffee but a coarser grind still brews slowly.
Tea/Hot Chocolate with Ekobrew? Is this possible?
Ekobrew in B70 not fitting properly: Any suggestions?
Is it two 26.5-oz jars, or two jars that total 26.5 oz?
is it the italian version?
The price is 10,98 for 2 count of 26,5ounce each jar?
What is the expiration date?
Hello. which is the date of maximum consumption? expiration date ??
the ja is plastic o glass?
So it is 16.49$ for 2 jars of nutella?
expire date please
Is this worth 15.89?
Can it be popped in an air popper?
Is the ball solid, where I can manually break it off of the hull/tip cap for toddler to eat, or hollow shell-like with solid hard part inside?
Can it be popped in the microwave in a microwave popper?
is it gluten free? I would say yes. The only ingredient is corn kernels I would say no. You can add other ingredient. check out whirleypop.org
can I plant this corn in my garden.
is it gluten free
Is it processed with peanuts?
Not knowing the origin, can you tell me if it's gluten free.
I have foam on top of kefir. This is second day but not 48 hrs yet. Are grains damaged? What should I do
Can you make the water kefir without sugar and just slices of fruit instead? I am diabetic and I need to watch my sugar intake. Thank you.
Does using a metal strainer kill the grains? I don't have any plastic ones and I think I might have killed my grains.
Is there a way to make this avoiding the fizz and sour taste? I've had some water kefir made by a friend, and most batches were bitter and stung.
Can water kefir grains eventually become contaminated ? Can bad bacteria enter water kefir grains from each time you expose them to the air?
I've been using my water kefir grains for 8 months, they multiply, but they've gotten much smaller, almost sludgy. Anything I can do to perk them up?
do i have to use brown sugar as i have candita?
My water kefir grains arrived today in a kind of "sludge" - are they supposed to be dry when they arrive?
The water kefir grains I just received have the color of brown sugars, but not the white ones shown in this picture. Are they dehydrated?
Do you recommend disinfecting these seeds?
I ordered these because I thought I could plant them outdoors in a planter, have no interest in sprouting in jars. Was I wrong?
how much seeds needed for a sproutmaster tray sets of 3 trays. do I use one tablespoon per try
I am using the Victorio sprouting tray and I am only getting about 1/2 the seeds to sprout. Anyone with similar problems?
can you grow these as microgreens also
what is the % of each seed in the mix? Is it 25% of each type?
Ummm.... what is the purpose of mixing it? Now I can't organize the plants
Are the 4 different seeds packaged seperately or all mixed together ?
Mine don't seem to be growing in my 4-tray sprouter - are these not compatible?
What is the expiration date on these ... or ... how long will they "keep" if unopened?
are these contaminated with nuts or peanuts?
what is the diameter of lollipop/
What is the size of the candy part? not including the length of the stick? So I can buy stickers for them?
Where is this miso made? Where do the ingredients originate? Thank you.
does this product have to be stored in the fridge before it is opened?
does miso taste anything like soy sauce?
does this miso have msg?
Can't find a date on pkg. Have had in frig for about a year how long does it keep??
is it unpasteurized?
What does "kernel" refer to?
Does this come in a glass or plastic jar?
does have a detectable coconut taste? thanks!
Is this a "raw" coconut oil?
Is the white kernel oil easier to apply to your skin since it doesn't have the brown membrane in it that the whole kernel oil has?
I want to try coconut oil for my dog. Which would be best, Whole kernel or White Kernel?
my dr bronners coconut oil is not solid at room temperature. Is that normal&gt;
does it kill grass?
Can this be diluted and used as a cleaning agent?
Is this an edible vinegar such as special picklings?
If you spray it on a vegatable garden that has not yet been planted, how long before you can plant?
This product...a waste of money ! I purchased 2 gallons, used one ...and waited three days ..yes they looked withered a little and then grew back!
Will this dissipate the spots on my glass shower doors? I have tried regular vinegar, dryer sheets, razor blade, and chem cleaner to no avail
Can you use it to rid weeds under bushes or will the vinegar hurt the roots of the bushes?
Will it kill poison ivy?
I was told to use this to kill the stickers I have but it appears by comments here that it will also kill my grass as well. Will it?
I want to kill bamboo by cutting to ground, pouring this vinegar on stumps and cover with thick tarp to block sunlight &amp; prevent growth. Anyone tried?
Do we have to make all of it at once or do we get a scoop thing?
What is in this powder, concerned about chemicals, artificial sweeteners and high fructose corn syrup?
how do you un-clump the gatorade powder? Mine seems to have formed a massive hard cylinder perhaps due to moisture.
What flavor is Glacier Freeze?
Is this orange flavor?
I want to know the ingredients in this for my son no jokes please
ingredient list
why do you keep raising the price? this will probably be my last time purchasing it. It's a fine product but I do not like being ripped off.
Is it 100% peanut or is there sugar or other adititives? It says low fat, has some of the oil been removed?
Anyone know if the peanuts used are conventional? (pesticides used)
Would you say the peanut taste is strong to mild?
does it need to be refrigerated?
1) Is the corn from GMO stock? 2) Is it made in a facility that also produces tree nuts or peanuts?
What are the actual ingredients in masa harina?
Is this the same stuff that is manufactured in a plant that processes wheat products? I have to be really careful.
can this be used to thicken chili?
What is the difference between your masa harina corn flour and your organic whole grain corn flour? Can both be used to make corn tortillas?
About how many tortillas can you get from one bag? Thanks!
The information here is contradictory; Some say no sugar; other's say sugar and sunflower oil. Why is there no nutrition label -
Are these sulphured?
How much sugar per serving?
are there any sulfites in the processing?
Anything in the ingredients please besides cherries? Oil? Sugar? Thanks.
Why did you stop making this. I use it in making my chocolate eclairs cakes. please bring back
how many boxes (of 8 1oz packages) are in theis case?
How many boxes of 8-1oz packages am I going to receive?
If I cannot buy pre-melted unswetedned chocolate can I melt down the bars and us that instead?
what is the use by date?
Is potato GMO or Non-GMO?
i ordered and received a pkg of the advertised "organic" potato flakes, but no where on the pkg is it claimed to be Organic. what's going on here?
Cannot see the size of the package. How many servings for mashed potatoes.....?
Any bisulfites in them?
is this a 4 pack for just $8.75? if so I will buy them right away.
the ad here says "100% organic", but no where on the packaging can i find the word "Organic". what's up with that?
Why does the info show this to be Organic but the package when I received it does not say it anywhere!!
Why does amazon list these as organic if they are not organic?
I searched for ORGANIC potato flakes and these came up near the top of the list. Does the package say that they are organic??
Are these potato flakes gluten free?
Are these the bite size or the 8 inch
Are these made with Lard?
The questions and answers and comments are pretty old. Has the packing improved? If so, I'll buy, but if not, I won't.
I need these for my daughter's wedding April 11th. Is one month ahead too early to buy- will they still taste good, or should I wait to order?
What is the shelf life of the product and since you have only 10 boxes in stock, do you plan to restock. I do not need until May, 2015.
Can they be put in oven for a short time? For jam tarts??
HOW MANY INCHES DEEP IN THE SHELL? IS IT RAW ?
Want to know how long can you keep them refrigerated or frozen?
organic?
How much space does 12.5 lbs of popcorn take up? I want to store it in an airtight container once I open the package.
Is it non gmo?
How do I store this? Do I just tie 1 end and keep in the pantry, empty whole bag into a canister, or separate into baggies? Or refrigerate? Tyvm!
is this popcorn hull less? big or small popped corn .
How is this product in a hot air popper?
I use a microwave popper &amp; can anyone tell me what oil they use with this popcorn? I use grapeseed, sunflower &amp; peanut.
is this hulless?
why so much to ship?
how many calories do you get from making .5 cups of this? The picture only shows calories in grams not volume.
Same question- My popcorn had live black bugs. Are you fixing the problem so I can order it again?
non gmo?
This popcorn came with black bugs. They were dead, but I still don't want to eat them. Why are there no returns on this product when are buggy?
Can i rinse these with water before popping them in hot air popper?
Is there any indication who provides the certification of non-GMO/organic?
additives or preservatives?
Shouldn't the bug issue be brought to the attention of health inspectors? It's been going on for over a year now
It should have the USDA organic certified stamp on the bag. I did not see it. How could I trust it's organic?
How many harvests are you guys getting? I'm looking at this from an economic standpoint -- so is it cheaper than buying mushrooms at the grocers?
i want this for a christmas gift---wil it be good for that long
Is it for inside or outside?
How many pounds grow in this box?
What other types of mushrooms are there?
Should this be kept inside the home or in the garage? How long does a batch typically take to grow? What recipes do you use them in?
Does this have to be used as soon as received in mail? Will it be effective if received but not used for 1-3 weeks? Trying to time when to buy this.
Mushrooms grew on the first side in 7 days. Harvested. The carton and plastic fell apart. I put it on a foam plate and put a plastic bag around the entire thing. Misting. Not growing. 9 days second side. Any suggestions?
are these mushrooms edible? or are they just for show?
How long after the mushrooms ripen can I leave them on the box? Or do I need to harvest them all at once and put them in the fridge?
There is no mention of salt in the listing yet customer reviews speak of salt in the product. Is there salt in this product?
Are these gluten free
where are the sunflowers grown and processed, and packed?
CAUTION NOTE: I called this company to ask for ingredient information and the man there informed me they are imported from china
Country of origin?
Are they hulled?
Do you get just one package for $10.95? If so, they are way too expensive.
What are the ingredients?
What is the total carb grams per serving
can anyone tell me what the total carbs are, not the net carbs?
I like these but I'm having a problem with them sticking together when refrigerated. I cannot separate them without tearing them. Any suggestions?
How large are each Tortilla?
is it caffeine free
Is this pure tea without other herbs
Is this Organic as their bulk tea?
is the color dark red
Is this hibiscus sabdariffa? I hear that it is better for you.
Is this considered a green tea or an herbal tea?
Is it kosher (and so indicated on the package)?
Do you use the Hibiscus Sabdariffa and do you include the calyces ?
Can I drink it everyday n alday
How many calories per tea bag please?
Does this tea contain caffeine?
There is a new listing that says "$48.80 ($1.69 / 100 Items)- 120 tea servings". Does that mean i am getting 2 boxes (120 tea bags) for that price?
Is this tea gluten free/
Does this ship from Australia or do you have a US distribution?
What are the capsules made of, pork/porcine or vegan or beef/bovine? I want to order some today.
It says $29.90 ($1.04/100 items) what does that mean? Is this 100 servings or teabags or loose tea? How many cup of tea will you get from this?
I want to know why i can't buy your du's tea in capsules form
Where is the product origin?
How long does it take to arrive?
Roughly how many is it this?
How many do you add to hot water to make tea?
what is the difference between the :One 1 Pound LB Madagascar Bourbon Planifolia Extract Grade B and 1 lb Madagascar bourbon a/b splits
About how many beans do you get in one pound package? As how many beans do you usually put in one 8oz bottle for making extract? Thanks.
Sorry forgot to ask. Do you have to cut the beans for this to work?
How long do the beans stay good in the sealed package? I'm guessing awhile?
We used this product once or twice a week. My son loves them. But this is the second time the bowl has caught fire and the plastic has melted? Why? It caused a fire in the microwave and both microwaves were ruined.
How much sodium does it have in it? Is it more or less than the other varieties?
Is this spicier than the Kimchi flavor?
"can you make sure you include disposable wooden chopsticks? lots of them thank you"
Any good noodle bowls without beef or beef byproducts?
why does this flavor cost so much, what's so special about it?
Why does this product contain the additives Disodium Guanylate and Disodium Inosinate if it doesn't have MSG?
How much sodium per bowl?
Why does this have beef extract, etc.. in it? There are some vegans out there you know.
Is this oil good for high heat cooking? What is the smoke point?
is this expelier pressed and non gmo?
Product Description Flavor: Original Extra Virgin Olive Oil - I thought this is alvocado oil - confused :(
Is this naturally refined and processed with low heat to preserve nutrients?
Does opened bottles need refridgeration?
Is this cold pressed?
I want a reasonable extra virgin, fist press, Avocado oil. Is there exp or press date? Is bottle glass? Not sure how I feel about made in Mexico.
what is the expiration date? I just ordered three packs of 12. Natalie
Why is it shown as Bakers, but entitled Certo? Is it made in USA?
Did anyone order this item? And does one actually receive 12 boxes of the 8 oz. package of unsweetened chocolate?
is this 8 - 1 oz. individual foil wrapped per box?
ok, what are Beacon Hill Brownies? recipe, please!
So if I order 1 set for 33.95 is that 12 8oz boxes?
Are pieces wrapped in foil or paper?
is this the same as the Baker's unsweeetened chocolate - what does Certo mean in front of the name?
Is this The original Bakers chocolate?
Is this purchase 12 boxes 8oz each box
why does it cost so much
Are these mallomars this year's crop ? Has the expiration date passed ? Do they have the "Celebrating 100 years" insignia ?
How many units does this include? Is it for several 3-1/2 oz. jars?
How many jars does this include, please?
are the almonds pasturized using chemicals or steam?
what is the expiration date please? thanks
Anyone know what pasteurization method they use?
Anyone know if the almonds used are non-GMO? Anyone know if they're grown without being sprayed w/glyphosate or other harmful pesticides?
How do you substitute this for white flour in recipes? New to this- so when you want to use this instead of white flour how do you calculate the substitute? If the recipe calls for 1 cup of white flour do you use 1 cup of almond flour instead? Thanks
can this Almond Meal Flour appropriate for Macaron?
I assume I have to refrigerate this product as soon as it arrives?
can this Almond Meal Flour appropriate for Macaron?
Does anyone know if this flour is processed with other allergens, namely soy, and potato?
How many carbohydrates are there in almond flour?
I'm in the States but would love to send to an expat friend who's in Japan. Is that possible?
how many grams are each bar ? Are they the full size bars. Thanks
Are these dye free?
Hi, are these the ones made in canada or imported to canada? thank you
Are these nut free?
Do these come in a box? Or do they come in a plastic pack?
what is the expiration date?
how many are in the package?
Do these look pretty much like a standard communion wafer ? We have a mixed congregation denominationally for bible study and offer communion monthly.
Hao big are these?
I can't see an ingredient label-is it possible to read it?
Condition says "pack of 6 boxes" is it six 1.41 pkgs for $10.45 plus shipping?
condition says "pack of 6 boxes" is it six 1.41 pkgs for 10.45 plus shipping?
What diameter is each wafer?
Is there an expiration date on this product?
wheat free?
approximately how many servings in a package?
I'm ignorant of all the seed mixtures. Can you make a list of your mixes and the flavor differences? I want one, but don't know which is best for me.
can these be cooked??
How long does an unopened package stay good for?
How long do I need to soak these seeds?
What is the weight of this package?
where does it come from. It does not say on can
What is the expiration dates on your Kirkland tuna? Don't want it to expire too soon. Thanks
Does this tuna come with pull tab lid?
I gave some cans as gifts,one so far was full of black pieces?? Has anyone had this happen?
What are the ingredients beside tuna and water? Salt? Pyrophosphate?
Where is this Tuna packed? Does it say where it was caught and how? Thank you.
Is this rice organic?
What is the arsenic content of this Japonica rice?
how do you figure cost is .21 per oz ?
Does it say if this rice is grown in california or japan or china? Also I am wondering why Lotus brand black rice has more vitamins/minerals?
is this 12 pounds of rice or 32 ounces of rice (total weight)?
Can you use a rice cooker for this rice?
What is the geographical origin of this rice, please?
is this rice gluten free?
how many jars?
What kind of oil is added?
Why isn't the ingredients portion of the label visible?
Are these beans suitable for vegetarian?
It says you cannot ship this item to Romania ... ?
How small are they?
Hello, the product can be shipped to Mexico ?
so if i order one i get two?
How long does it take to get delivered?
how many beans are in this
how many come in the box? I bought some at the wizarding world of harry potter and was wondering if it was the same since the boxes are different.
They have fixed the type after I contacted them. :-)
is this product gluten free?
Does Zija have a shelf life and if so can you tell me how long it is?
How many calories are in one packet?
my triglycerides were higher after drinking zija for 3mos Why?
do smartmix taste better than supermix?
If I purchase this product, will the product be in the WHITE SmartMix boxes? The other photo shows them in just green.
Products like the above picture is going to fit Zija Smart Mix?
Geotingayo visible on the picture right? I want a smart mix made &#x200B;&#x200B;from its support (such as photo products) Will you ever sell another one similar to the components of the Smart Mix?
WOULD I DRINK THIS EVERY MORNING?
Are all ingredients in zija approved by the fda
do these have 3rd party organic certification?
What is the country of origin?
Are the Kosher?
Are these walnuts halves, pieces, or a combo of the two?
Have these walnuts been pasteurized?
Are these walnuts exposed to wheat in processing; that is, are they gluten free?
are they raw?
Is it wheat free?
is the oats washed with water?
Are these organic? I understand that they are an organic company, but is this product organic? Thanks!
Can it be cooked in the microwave?
What is difference in taste of this product and regular Arrowhead steel cut oats ??
Will this work in a rice cooker? That's how I make my oatmeal now, let it soak overnight etc.
Several (6 to be exact) recent reviews were one star for stale product, how can you assure you will be sending me totally fresh product ?
Do you have an expiration date on the product?
Does anyone know the country of origin?
What is the size of the cachews? 240 count? 320 count?
Are these cashews steam processed?
Is there any added salt?
On what equipment are these processed? I need them to not be cross-contaminated with other nuts or wheat.
Is it normal to have worms and bugs in raw cashews. I have several of each. :( Also is there something I could do to prevent this?
Where these products come from? VIETNAM or INDIA
are these in the shell?
what is t he Length, Width, and Height of the pack of 24 as a whole?
how big is each individual bag and how many bags overall?
are there lime or sour apple skittles?
hello. can you explain the difference between black and white chia seeds? thanks, mike
As an egg substitute, how much seed would equal one egg?
Where are these grown?
do you have to soak them in water before using them in a smoothie?
maltitol? Xylitol? Sorbitol? Sugar Alcohols?
What are the ingredients and the Nutritional Facts? (size of serving, calories in serving, fat, etc.)
chewy or soft?
How many net carbohydrates (Total Carbohydrates - Dietary Fiber - Sugar Alcohol) do these have per piece?
How is it sweetened? Is it sweetened with sugar alcohol?
how many net carbs?
Is there added sugar in the banana chips? One of the photos shows "sugar" in ingredients list, but other photo does not show sugar?? Thanks:)
I don't see an ingredients list for this item. Appreciated it due to a cinnamon allergy!
I have received package today. It does not say sugarless anywhere. How do I know it is sugarless? CK
what is candy sweetened with?
Does anyone know the nutritional information?
I received Barrels today. It does not say sugarless anywhere. How do I know they are truly sugarless? CK
approx how many pieces are in a 1lb bag?
What are nutrition values ?
Kosher?
Number of pieces in 1 pound?
Is this tea tested for chromium levels?
Says minty, does it have any mint family plant/leaf in it I'm allergic?
Is this organic and is it caffiene free?
is it 100% tulsi leaves?
Do you plan on printing a "date picked" on your package?
How much does this make? What are the directions for use?
My husband absolutely hates avocados (I think he's crazy), so my question is, does this oil taste like avocados?
Is this avocado oil kosher?
Does it come in glass bottle?
What color is this oil?
What is the smoke point of this oil?
Is this oil processed in a facility that also handle allergens, gluten, dairy, soy, sesame, peanut or other tree nuts?
How fresh is this oil by the time the customer received it? I've been reading that many oils are old by the time they reach the stores.
Since all Bella Vado avocados are grown organically what is the difference between this product and Bella Vado's regular Avocado oil?
I'm having trouble opening the bottles. They will turn about 3/4 turn and come to a hard stop. Can anyone tell me how to open bottles?
Is this oil good for making homemade mayonnaise?
does this vanilla contain Coumadin?
What size container is this vanilla? How do I specify that I would like the clear vanilla?
If this is pure vanilla, why does it say artificial flavor on the label?
is this pure vanilla as stated
What is the shelf life?? I'd like to order 2 while I'm at it and don't want it to go bad!
How does this compare to pearl barley in taste, texture and cooking time?
Is this for one bag or a box of 4? Walmart sells a box of 4 of these for basically the same price? Seriously.
Would it sprout?
Is this product GMO-free?
Has any one made Tsampa flour from hull-less barley?
Has any one made Tsampa flour from hull-less barley?
should I store my hulll-less barley in my freezer?
I must be missing something. How many bags of barley will you get in an order?
does it require refrigeration
Is it certified organic
The warning here says it may contain trace amounts of peanuts or tree nuts. But I bought a jar and do not see that warning. Is it free of other nuts?
Does this contain any dairy?
Is it certified organic
Can you explain the grade of beans ? I have seen Grade A and Grade B. Thanks !
Can I freeze Vanilla beans?
How long will the beans last in the vacuum-packed bag?
Has anyone used these to make vanilla sugar?
Am I the only one who thought the beans smelled sort of chemically? Is this normal?
How long do these keep? Is there an expiration date printed on the package somewhere?
When making vanilla extract can I mix alcohols. Use some Vodka and some brandy?? I don't have enough of each. Thanks
I'd love to order these and allow my students to scoop the vanilla out of the beans to mix in ice cream. Is this doable?
What is the length of your beans
Having never bought vanilla beans before, I expected them to smell like vanilla, which I don't think these do...any thoughts?
Whats the difference between Grade A and Grade B vanilla beans?
ABOUT HOW MANY VANILLA BEANS ARE IN A 1/4 LB?
ABOUT HOW MANY VANILLA BEANS ARE IN A 1/4 LB?
how long are these beans
Are these beans whole or split?
I need about 80 grade B Madagascar vanilla beans. What would be the most cost effective? How should the unused beans be stored for later use? Thanks
what's the difference between 1/4 lb Madagascar Bourbon Extract Grade B Splits $15.95 &amp; 1/4 LB Madagascar Bourbon Grade B 6~7" $19.95
Approximately how many Vanilla Beans come in the 1\2 lb package?
My vanilla beans arrived, but are frozen solid because of the sub-zero temperatures. Are they still usable to make vanilla, or are they ruined?
Are these organic? I want to sell extract and would like to know if I could put in on the label.
what is the best way to store the unused beans?
How Many Beans: How many beans are in this package?
I have bought several times with in the last year. When I first started purchasing they were $21.99 now they are more than $10.00 higher. why?
is there bourbon in these
What exactly do you mean by "very dry"? I bought Tahitian beans from you before, which were quite moist and freagrant. How are they different now?
Hi Seller, Do you recommend Tahitian or Madagascar vanilla beans for baking purposes?
What is the average number of beans per pound? Thanks!
If this has sugar in it; it is not just a reduction of pomegranates. I don't like to be surprised with any added sugar. Does this have sugar?
is this Kosher?
What is the expiration date of this product?
Is it gluten free?
Is there any high fructose or corn syrup in Cortas Pomegranate Molasses?
If this product has sugar added to it, why doesn't the ingredient list (on Amazon) show it?
I would like a list of ingredients for this product. What are the ingredients?
I am careful about what I eat. I would like to see the ingredients before I got to the expense of ordering only to have to throw it out once it arriv
Is it boiled rose water? Steamed rose water? Or, bottle of distilled water with a few drops of "rose essence"?
is this food grade?
What are the ingredients listed on the bottle label?
Does this contain alcohol?
should it be refrigerated after opening?
Exactly how many come with this? Are there 4 bottles of rose water or 16 bottles of rose water?
What is the expiration date of the package that you sell to the customer?
Shipping charge to Montana if I order 4 boxes of the York 175 ct patties?
What assurances do you offer that the candy will not be melted upon arrival?
what size is each patty?
what is the length, width, amd height of the box?
Is this refined or unrefined ?
cAN I USE IT FOR COOKING? FOOD GRADE ITEM?
what does palm oil look and smell like
Is this coconut oil as good to use as virgin organic coconut oil to moisturize the hair?
Can I make lotion using this oil?
Is this coconut oil organic?
How do i melt the coconut oil i bought recently, it is in a plastic bottle?
Is this product and all other coconut oil always solid at room temperature? It has to be heated up to be liquid?
Can you shave with this?
Could I use this in a recipe I found for a coconut lime sugar scrub for your body?
is it made with sorbital
what are the flavors?
Is the sorbee hard candy gluten free?
what are the dimensions of each ring?
Are the products made in the USA?
made in usa?
Are these made in the USA?
Is the Aretha pancake mix you sell for $19.45 a 3-pack of the 32oz box? The shipping weight says 2.2 lbs which only = 1 box so I'm confused.
What are the ingredients?
If I bought one today, when would the expiration date be? I would buy a few boxes at a time, so I would want to be able to use them before they expire
Is this $20 for one box, or $20 for three boxes ($24.95 with shipping on the Frankenstein Mills website)?
We noticed on the front of the package "Made in the USA from foreign and domestic products" do you know what country or countries?
do u have chocolate flavour
after what age can this product be take or drink? I have two sons, one is 13 end the other one is 16
Why the drastic change in servings in the 5 lb bag? Used to be 70, now it's 57, with same amount of protein per serving.
how much protein per serving?
does this have sugar? the nutritional label is not listed
Can I have the expiration date on the boxes if I were to order withing the next days?
If I ordered today, what is the expiration date of the product you have?
What day does the cereal expire? I am interested for buying this product for someone's birthday is
What day does the cereal expire? I am interested for buying this product for someone's birthday in August and want to ensure it is has not gone bad.
How old is this product?
why is the expiration dates for item listed not on the ad to sale it, i am not chancing this
what is the exp date on this cereal?
what is the exp date on this cereal?
What is the exp date on the ones you are currently listing as of today?
is this cereal still fresh? if so whats the experation date? is this cereal still fresh?
where was manufactured the cans you have? mexico or liverpool? i just want you to know to order
I NEED TO KNOW THE EXPIRE DATE TO ORDERED
What is expire date on these ? Thanks!
Is this old can? 1 + years ? confirm pls.
Is this Vanilla or Unflavored?
what is expire date on these? i need about 2 of these
I want to make sure what I buy is unflavored. In the details, it says vanilla. Please confirm.
Is vainilla or unflavored?. thank
whats the expiry date on these?
how about the product expired date,2014?
What is this Red Palm Oil for?
I have this item but have not opened the bottle yet. With that being said, mine feels solid. Shouldn't it be liquid?
Is this extra virgin and organic?
Is this palm oil RSPO Certified?
Does red palm oil sometimes have a dark brown color at the bottom of the jar?
the recommended dose is 3 to 9 grams a day of corydalis. What does that measurement amount to?
Is there a number ofsorts on the bottom of the bottle per Dr Oz, said there MUST be a special number on the bottom of the bottle like a trade number , AND all instructions on the bottle must be in English,
how much do you mix with water
Does this product help neck pain due to arthritis?
Is this pure rhizome corydalis??? no fillers no other herb no chemicals.
is this Yan hu suo, and processed with vinegar?
You're also selling 2.2lbs of "Powdered Corydalis Extract" 4:1 for $59.49. Please expln diff betwn the 2 &amp; ratio 4:1 ?
Soaking: Is it necessary to soak these in order to eat them?
Are these almonds unpasteurized?
Do you get ten, one pound bags with this order?
Does this price of $45.90 include shipping?
How long can I keep these in my refrigerator?
Are your almonds genetically engineered?
Since these almonds are from California, I know they are not actually "raw" because of US laws. How are these pasteurized? With steam treatment or PPO
What variety are your almonds?
Raw Almonds Organic or processed near peanuts??? Are these Raw Almonds organic?
Would you like a jelly baby?
Once they begin to get firm is there a quick way to soften them again?
Are they similar to Basset's? Are these are the bulk ones that Top Foods used to carry (Now Haggen)?
Are they sour?
Are these made with an animal geletin or are they vegan?
Are these with Natural Dye's from fruits and veggies, or the artifical dye's? Thanks
Are these Gluten Free?
The title says 2.2 lbs, but the item weight says 1 pound. Which is it?
Are these made with an animal geletin or are they vegan?
Can you boil the water and then put it on the oatmeal and let it sit for 5 minutes or do you have to heat the actual oatmeal.
Can it be cooked in the microwave ? If so, what are the directions for that method.
Where is it available to buy
IS THIS OATMEAL GMO FREE......does it say so on the package? Thanks so much.
I'm single.. this bag is going to last me a month or two or longer.... can I store it in the refrigerator to make it fresh/last longer?
Is it gluten free
How do you cook this in the rice cooker?
What is the size of each pops?
How much sugar?
calories?
Can you juice bigger fruit like apples or is it just for grapes?
What kind of aluminum is this juicer made of?
Is it Anodized Aluminum
What's the overall height? I've got 17 inches of clearance between my stovetop and microwave. Will it fit?
Why do the ingredients say "Sea Salt" ???
the ingredients on the package say "sea salt," is this Himalyan salt or sea salt mislabeled???
What are the percentages of all the minerals this salt has? Any product that actually list at least the top 5 of them?
Does this have iodine in it? Why doesnt the package say?
Will this fit my 22 W x 12 D cabinet? How does it stay attached to the cabinet?
Cabinet Dimensions? I see it's 13"x9", but when it folds back how much more space do you need?
Are the K cups placed in holes or are they held in by rails? I am trying to ask if the cups in back slide forward when you remove the ones in front.
How long are the screws?
can it hold vue cups
will this work with the vue cups?
Anyone know where I can get a replacement of the sticky tape that came in the box?
Drop down clearance? If this only drops 6" can I get to the back cups? I have a 3.5" face board so this would mount 3.5" up &amp; under my cabinet?
How many vertical inches do I have to allow for pull-down space.
Will the Keurig Rivo pods work in this?
How much milk does one canister make?
What is the shelf life of an unopened can? Also, what is the shelf life for an opened can?
How many ounces in a can? How many servings per can? Thanks.
Have any of you used this product for making homemade cheese and if so, what were your results?
Are the cows just grassfed or supplemented?
This may be a dumb question, but why is there Chinese writing on the can if it is from New Zealand? I try to avoid buying any food from China.
Is it safe for babies?
Is this a good price at $28.99 a can? Thanks in advance.
does this product contain any canola or rapeseed oil
Does this product contain any type of soy ?
can this be put in a squieeze bottle [ketchup] etc and used ?
Does this need to be refrigerated before opening? I don't want to need space for all four of these in the fridge!
Is this Gluten Free? Some of these are made with wheat, others with only rice. Sometimes they have images on the back label for this.
Does this product have to be put it in refridgerato if not opened? Thanks
How long should this last in a pantry?
Can you tell me the calories and calories from fat per serving?
Can someone put up an ingredients list, please? Am looking to see if it has corn syrup, yeast extract, autolyzed/hydrolyzed anything, etc. Thank you!
is there MSG in this product
I withdraw the question.
what would expiration date be? 1 year, 6 months, anyone know - there is no seller to ask.
Has anyone used this successfully with a bread maker?
Is this non-GMO flour?
what would expiration date be? 1 year, 6 months, anyone know - there is no seller to ask.
What is used to sweeten this gum?
What's the expiration date on the package?
What flavors are in the package?
What is the Length, Width, and Height of the box the 10pk is in?
How many loaves come with $14.23?
ingredients
This bread is sold in the freezer section of our grocery store. It is fresh so slices go bad after a day out of freezer. How do you keep it cold?
How many carbs in a slice? I can't seem to find a pic of the nutrition panel.
does this contain lead? since its from china?
How many total servings are in this package (the whole 16 oz) if I were to use 1 tsp powder to 8 oz of water? How many cups of tea would that be?
What is country of origin, where it was grown?
I am assuming that this Matcha Green Tea is drinking grade and not just ingredient grade. Am I right? Thanks.
how may oz is this, I know if says 1 pound but how much is that is matcha weight?
Where is this tea from?
Please tell me the sodium content per can and per serving? Is there any broth or other ingredients added:? I hope the skin+bones are still here!:?
After being caught, in which country are the salmon processed (from being caught to the finished canned product)?
Saw Q &amp; A regarding BPA with expected BPA free can &amp; lids expect in future. What is current status of BPA? Do you know when will be BPA free?
Is this can salmon skinless or boneless?
What is the calcium mg serving?
If possible, a picture of the Nutrition label on the can? If not possible, would you please list the Nutrition label information?
Would you please provide info regarding the omega 3 per can?
are the cans pba free?
About how many cups do you get out of the 1 pound bag? I'm trying to make cookies for a bake sale and want to order enough.
Can you list all the ingredients in this product? Is there anything else in it besides the almond flour? Thanks.
Is almond flour the same as ground almonds
Are the almonds pesticide free, non-gmo?
What is the expiration date? It's nowhere on my bag.
would this taste okay or awful if I used it to make tortillas or burritos? I can't use any other flour. I have gluten intolerance also to corn, coconut, rice, oats and all other grains..
What is the nutrition information for this specific product?
Is there possible peanut cross contamination?
what is the sweetener used in Propel?
Do these mixes contain citric acid? Thanks
Thanks, all who answered my question - "I'd sure like to know the ingredients, especially what is used to sweeten it".
what is the size (in inches) of the flavoring packets?
what volume per packet?
Why Can't I Buy In " BULK "
Hi, Is there a space between the lid band and the screen? Or is the construction in one piece?
Does the packaging claim to be BPA free?
I bought a similar lid at my local health food store. It has an edge around the bottom that is sharp and digs into my hand. Does this one?
what is the size, diameter?
Is this BPA free? Thanks
can this lid be used for making kefir?
the Gourmet Cafe Supreme thats advistised have ginseng powder
what is the sugar content?
How is this one ("Organo Gold Cafe Supreme) different from "Organo Gold Gourmet Black Coffee", taste wise?
I have been drinking the supreme coffee for over a year and purchased directly from OG. This is the first time I see a "flavor", is this the same?
If I like Starbucks bold coffee will I like this?
what is expiration date?
What stores in the Dallas area carries Godiva coffee. I used to get it at Tom Thumb but no more.
Is there an expiration date?
good for French Press?
I placed an order for 4 packages and was told you only have 2 pkgs for 19.98 and I wanted two orders for 19.98 each order
when is expiration date?
When does it expire? I noticed your answers to the 2 questions above were different, so I just wanted to make sure, as it is June 2014 today.
how many calories in each cup
Do they rare like powder taste or cow milk?
Much know the expiration date befor purchase? May not have a long enough exp.date for time of use?
Hi, can i freeze them?
What is the expiration date, please?
Are they one like used in Duncan donut shops
Anyone know what chemicals are in mini moos?
does this need to be refigerated
What is the shelf life of this product?
is it certified kosher
What are the ingredients in this? Just whatever is on the product label would be fine. Thanks!
is the organic version
What is the actual manufacture date of this? your ad here lists 2 different dates. which is correct?thanks kindly.
i received this fast, but on bottles there are no labels?is it okay to use&gt;&gt;????????
Does the seed need to be 'cracked open' to work?
I know people have mentioned these seeds are somewhat bitter, but are they always REALLY bitter?? And smell?? Urgh!
Is this product jar is a breakable glass or is it plastic?
Is it one package divided up for a total of 11 oz. or two 11 oz packages? Can anyone clarify please?
how far out is the expiration date?
Is the Macadamia nut salted then covered in the chocolate, or is it strait up Macadamia nuts dipped in chocolate?
Would you provide the grams of fat, protein, carbohydrate, and fiber please?
The description says 24 sticks but the title says 12 count...which is it?
Do 12 of those candy sticks look significant in a candy jar for a desert table? Or are they puny looking?
Are they individually wrapped? Needed for party favors.
Where are these made?
Are these peanut free as well as not made in a facility that also manufactures peanut items?
how healthy is it
Is it coconut JUICE or coconut water? - The 100% coconut water that this company produces is only 10fl. oz. - Or is the picture misleading?
I need to know the expiry day of the item model number: DRK71 please
Ingredients list in English please :)
Is it 33.8 ounces total or three 33.8 ounce packages
Does it taste a lot like coconut? I am thinking to use it in coffee
Has any one tested the ph?
Not hitting the pH they label on the bottle DECEPTIVE....keep an eye on this company as theres something fishy going on there!
Recently, I received from Amazon 2 cases of Essentia 9.5. When tested with a PHion strip, this water tests acidic, at c. 6.0--WHY?!!
I buy my 9.5 from a Kangen dealer directly. She tells me the ph is only good for 7 days then be discarded. How can this bottled water hold so long?
What is the EXACT mineral content of the additives? Can't seem to find the answer anywhere. All I see is 9.5 PH or higher.
last 2 shipments the bottles that I have been getting are tasting inconsistent. Some of them taste even worse than tap water. Anyoneelsehavethat issue
Weight
Do you need to transition from tap to ph water? If so how slow?
Does this taste salty? The label says no sodium but the ingredients read sodium phosphate.
What is the magnesium content? As opposed to the calcium? Aluminum? etc.
Has anyone used this to make gluten free bread?
I would like to use it for making a nut brittle. Could I substitute it for both the brown and white sugars called for in the recipe?
has anyone made wine from this sugar ? is it fermentable?
Is this bleached?
glycemic index?
Does anyone else who uses this in coffee find there are little "floaters" in their cup? I find there are little things floating in my cup.
What is the shelf life?
is this raw unheated above 115 degrees?
Does it taste like coconut? Anybody use it for coffee?
Is this 6 packets of 1 pound each?
In the Masseo website they list the 7's Chicken flavor bullion cubes as having dehydrated parsley only, with no garlic or onion listed. Is this true?
What is the sodium amt per cube?
Can you please tell me if there is onion and or garlic listed on the ingredient list? I'm looking for FODMAP friendly - I know the ingredients changed recently and included onion/garlic... hoping these are from once the formula was changed back to be...
Hi, On the Massel Website they say that there is no onion in the chicken style massel7- do these definitely list onion in the ingredients. please?
Does this product contain onion?
Do you get just 8 individual tubs? Or do you get 8 2-packs? (16 tubs)
does it contain onion or garlic powder?
I want to know the expiration date
Is it dairy free?
How many grams of sugar in a serving?
How much sugar per serving?
How many packs are included
Where can I get (BESIDES Amigo foods) Pilao Intenso purple box coffee. ??
Is this the wrong picture. I thought it was purple not green. I want to buy but the picture of the box should be a purple Pilao .... is this correct..
Are these candies individually wrapped in the one pound bags?
what are all the ingredients?
How many candies in a pound?
what does the individual packaging look like? It is clear? Does it have a graphic / text on it? Please describe.
How many calories is per candy?
What are the ingredients in the Maple Hard Candies?
Any idea how long these candies stay fresh. Was there an expiration date on the one pound bags?
Approximately how many are in a 1lb bag?
What is the quantity please? 1 lb, 2.2 lbs, etc?
Is the cocoa powder in these discs/chips natural or alkalized (a.k.a. Dutch processed)? Any hydrogenated oils or fats? Thanks.
Is this the 60-40-38NV?
I just received these and it says on the package that they have been "re-packaged" by World Wide Chocolate. How do I know these are fresh?
Does this chocolate need to be tempered?
Is this pre-tempered chocolate?
does this chocolate have Soy letchin in it?
What size are the disks?
Dose this chocolate contain any sugar?
Is it gluten-free?
What is "frustration Free" packaging? I've ordered the 2lb mixed bag before. Thanks! LOVE these!
Hello, Someone may you Please post the ingredients list as it appears on your package.
are they manufactured in a facility that also processes peanuts and tree nuts?
How much ginger in 1 piece? is it %10?
how many pieces are in the one pound bag?
How much ginger is in each chew?
How long would these last if we stored them?
what is the calories on the ginger lozenges
How many pieces are in a one pound bag?
does it contain any GMO ingredients?is there an all organic and non GMO version? i got a sample and its delicious
does it create a good color ? The RUB from Killer Hogs makes my ribs a nice mahogany color..but not sweet enough.. has anyone used both ? compare them
I don't see anywhere in this ad what size bottle you are selling (oz?)
What oz size is this?
Have the EZ k-cup and filter. Why am I getting such weak coffee? Keep trying but to me it is worthless. Am ready to try something new
Can this be used with the Keurig Elite B40 model?
What is this thing made of? What material?
Can the EZ cup be used in the commercial Kuerig coffee makers?
Mini Keurig: Can this be used with the mini keurig?
Can this be used for the Keurig B180?
Will this work with the Vue?
Can anyone tell me if these will float in a punch bowl?
How many are there in 1.5 pounds?
Where is this candy made?
How long will these stay fresh and good?
Does it have soy?
How much sodium is in a serving of the sauce?
What is the shelf life &amp; does it need to be refrigerated after opening?
Is This Product HOT?
Is there sugar listed in the ingredients?
Is the 'government' cheese? My grandmother used to get government cheese, it was awesome. Is this the same?
How long can the product remain in transit?
How much sodium is in this cheese and what is the serving size?
The main thing I look for with any packaged food is the sugar, salt and fat contents per serving and the serving size. This I do not see. Has anyone bought this product and know this iformation?
What are the ingredients?
How many servings per container and how many calories?
does the pump come with it?
What is the carb content in the bars
Would this be considered real (true) pemmican? What's the shelf life?
What is the sodium content in one bar?
What is the fiber content of one bar?
Are there any corn derivatives in the Tanka bar?
Hesitant to purchase due to generic term "spices" in ingredients. Sometimes this is "hidden glutamate". What are the "spices?"
The bars claim to be dairy free, but what's the source of the lactic acid?
What is the amount of sugar and what type of sugar is used?
How much sugar is in a bar?
Is this Actually Chocolate Syrup or is it "Chocolate-Flavored"? Hersheys has NO chocolate in it. What is the ingredient list with this item? Thank You
does it come with a pump? or is that separate?
how much sodium is in a serving?
Is this good in cold milk? I like a strong chocolate, moderately sweet. Does it mix well?
are these 87.3 ounces or 64 ounces of syrup,
How do you prepare this chocolate? do you need a special machine?
Ingredients?
How is the dark chocolate flavor?
Will they fit the Keurig 45 machines?
Any caffeine free
Do the individual cups have the white ring around them? If not, they may not work with the Keurig 2.0.
Will they work in my 2.0 keurig?
Does this product contain milk?
I really like Hot Chocolate but I have to be careful with Carbs and Sugar. Anyone know what is in the Dark Chocolate?
Does this product contain aspartame?
Do you get 3- 12 pack boxes? So you would get 36 cups total? Thank you! Do you get 3- 12 pack boxes?
Will this be compatible with the Keurig 2.0 K560 Keurig machine?
How would you describe the French vanilla coffee,is it strong, is it good? Thank you
do you get foam on top of this mix?
Nutrition information? Can anyone who has ordered this tell me how many calories are in it?
is this decaf
Is there hydrogenated oil in these?
rinse brewer after brewing?
What is the carb count for these ?
can u use with the 2.0 keurig
This coffee comes up when I search for sugar free but the label depicted says there are 5g of sugar in it. Is that right?
Does this contain sucralose, aspartame, nutrisweet, or REAL sugar?
will these cups fit a Hamilton Beach 2-way coffee maker
Are they Gluten-free?
are these comparable with the keurig 2.0?
ingredients: is there anywhere were there is a list of indgredients?
is there splenda or sucralose in all the k-cup cocoas?
Does this have a "coffee" taste. I can' stand coffee and am very sensitive to it contaminating the chocolate
How many calories does one k cup have?
where is it made?
i am alergic to cows milk is nonfat dry milk the same thing?
Do these pods work with the Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf System?
Does it have milk
How much sodium is in this product?
can I use this in the keurig 2.0 model 560?
Is this 3 boxes with 18 cups in each or is this 3 boxes with 6 in each to make a total of 18??
Can anyone think of any reason why these could NOT be used with a French coffee PRESS?
I'm not sure who to complain to but all of my grove square sugar free caramel teas have gone hard and don't brew!!
Is there (3) Packs of 18 for a total of (54) Single servings ?
how much caffeine in grove square chai latte?
Why does it say "Caramel" for Hazelnut artifically flavored CAPPUCCINO?
What is the nutritional content of this item?
why does my keurig 2.0 say &acirc;&#128;~this cup incompatible with keurig'
is it milk free
Are any of the flavors gluten free?
Is this caffeinated?
Is this 100% stevia, or is it mixed with maltodextrin or ????
How many grams of sugar and/or carbohydrate are there in each packet? Thank you.
Have I overlooked a photo of the actual ingredient list?
How strong is this stuff? As in, how much would I use to sweeten say, a half gallon of tea? One packet or... ?
Does this work well in baking? Thank you.
I want dough for rolls &amp; buns, and freeze the leftover dough. Is this the right type of yeast for freezing? THANK YOU!
Can this yeast be used for baking bread with a bread machine? Or do you have to use bread machine yeast?
this yeast has a strong chemical taste. Anyone else get that?
is this the same as "instant" which I think means rapid--like the SAF yeast? Because I have that one coming.
Is this yeast gluten-free? (THANK YOU in advance, for any response!)
will this work for Belgium waffles ?
What's the expiration date?
Can yeast be frozen or refrigerated to extend life? This much will last me decades.Or should I just stick to small packets at the food store?
The yeast in the package is hard as a rock is this normal ? If yes how do I break off what I need?
I don't cook. But bakers yeast is excellent for maintaining a healthy septic system. How much per month is advisable for a healthy septic system?
Is there sea salt in these products and if not how much sodium is in it?
What r total ingredients? Thank yo
Does it stay tender when cold (like in pasta salads)? I've tried 2 GF pastas that get tough in the fridge.
do these products have any corn products in them?
Would any of these have yeast in them?
Are these vegan?
Do any of these contain any form of corn?
What about calories or carbs?
Is there potato starch in these?
Is corn an ingregient?
is this product kosher
Does this product contain any gelatin? Thank you
Planning my daughters nautical themed wedding shower is the raspberry the only blue you have?
Which kosher certification does this product have (name of organization or rabbi)?
whats the hecksher?
Where were they made? Thanks.
are they organic?
Is this product certified kosher?
DOES THE COMPANY TEST FOR RADIATION?
The description says it's rich in iodine. How much iodine is there per 4 oz serving or per package?
can you bake with it?
Is this refined or unrefined Hemp Oil? Thank you!
Is this made from marjuna plants?
this is cbd rich? and to what extent?
Where do you recommend storing the 1/2 pound bag of organic broccoli seeds from the Sprout House?
Can these be grown to maturity in a gareden for harvesting?
Is there a way to grow your Own Seeds? I am wondering if there is a way to grow your own seeds so you do not have to keep buying seeds?
Does this come with instructions for growing the different seeds? I've never grown sprouts before. Thanks!
Do the seed packets have wheat, rye, or barley?
What is the total seed weight in the package?
Has anyone tried growing these as microgreens? I only need an answer if you have tried it. Thanks.
Where are the seeds grown? China or USA?
What climate zone are these for?
Do the 2 oz pkg contain about 2 Tablespoons each?
Is it safe to eat raw sprouts?I've read a lot of people do it, and also lots of e.coli warnings. Can it be done safely at home?
Will the seeds still sprout if they have been frozen?
I just bought these and apparently don't have the two pod holder as these don't fit. Does anybody know how to buy the two pod holder? I can't find them. Thank you. Jeff
what is the diameter of the ecopads?
will the ecopad's work in the hamilton beach 49970 1 cup pod brewer.thanks
Is it compatible wtih the Black &amp; Decker Single Serve Coffee Maker model cm618.
will the ecopad's work in the Senseo SL 7810
Is this truely a 4 pack as indicated in the picture or a 2 pack per the description?
Will this work in the Hamilton BEach 49980A model?
Can you tell me if this works with Phillips Senseo Latte (HD7854/88), thanks.
This are the new brown ecopads o are the old model (the blue one) ?. In one picture is brown and in the other is blue!
Can you brew with the ecopad lid off? Or will that make a complete mess? I have a Hamilton Beach 49970 and would like to use the ecopad with it.
A little confused...... is this price for a case (12 boxes with 6 packets per box)???
What is this sweetened with?
if i order it now, whats the expire date will be? because am going overseas and i wanna make sure that it will last for a long time
How many boxes per case if there are 12 packs per box? Thanks so much.
Does this product contain caffeine?
Is this 12 boxes of 6 packets (72 packets)?
does packet of 12 mean 12 boxes of 6
How many sticks, boxes, and cases is one of this Diet Peach Tea to Go?
what is the different between this and http://www.amazon.com/Crown-Prince-Sk...
How much sodium in a full can?
How long will these store? What is the expiration date?
I only buy Wild Caught sardines. Your description says wild caught, but its not on the package. Should I return?
Why does the can show a 95 gram contents and the box says 120?
What size are the sardines?
Is this product packaged in a BPA-free can?
Is there an expiry date on the packets. .
Do they taste more like pink or white grapefruit?
Does this product contain sugar?
Will this inhibit CYP3A4 like grapefruit juice? I am taking a statin and cannot do regular juice because of CYP3A4 inhibitors.
What does a packet make, 4, 6, 8 or 12 ounces liquid?
Does it contain splenda?
Will the acid from this product rot your teeth over time?
The "Pack 1", "Pack 2" sizes are a little confusing. To clarify, the price is for one cover right?
Does this provide suction, or does the tea slot allow steam to escape?
The green color in the 2 pack looks much darker than the bright cheery green on the single one. Which one is accurate?
I like to save the teabag and use it multiple times. Can I store the teabag in this buddy? Is there enough room in the reservoir for it to be covered?
Can it be put on a cup in microwave?
Is it microwave safe?
Does it contain alcohol?
Is it bottled in glass or plastic?
What is the expiration date?
What is the expiration date of the product?
good for vaping?
does it contain sugar?
Does it contain Castoreum aka Beaver Booty Juice?
Does it contain corn syrup?
This says that they do not add corn syrup, but is the alcohol they use in the product derived form Corn?
Does it contain gluten?
Does this product list sucralose as and ingredient like most of the flavors which say no high fructose corn syrup or sweetened with pure cane sugar.
How does this product differ from http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00D... other than the price?
Does this syrup have that awful splenda after taste that the normal soda stream syrups and diet sodas have?
Doesn't this contain sodium benzoate which is used as a preservative?
Do I have to purchase seltzer separately?
Does it have caramel coloring
how long does it cure or age
Is it heavy on fennel seed ? Thanks.
Do these come vacuumed sealed?
What is the weight of this item?
Is this for 24 boxes or 24 sheets of seasoned seaweed?
Are these good to dip salsa in place of potato chips?
How much does one pack weight ?
is this 100% natural ,
Is this entire product organic and non GMO?
What is the sodium count in mg per pkg? Not the % daily allowance.
Are ALL of the oils non-GMO?
what's the shelf life?
So roughly how many sheets are you getting for this price?
is there an iodine content ?
What is the shelf life?
do we have to use boiling water? or is hot water ok
HOW IS THE TASTE OF MAC &amp; CHEESE?
hiking by myself. these say they serve 2. is this ok for 1?
What are the actual ingredients?
Is this the Good Earth Citrus Kiss or the regular, Good Earth decaf lemongrass tea?
Is really Good Earth Decaf Green Tea with Lemongrass? No subsitute? I keep getting a subsitute!
On the above description it says 18 tea bags (pack of 6) . Does that mean 6 boxes of tea, 18 bags ea. box?
Is the Citrus Good Earth Decaf Green tea with Lemongrass the same as Good Earth Decaf Green tea with Lemongrass that came in a purple box ?
How much sodium is in this? you ask: 890 mg - or 37% of daily value based on 2,000 calorie diet
nutrition facts?
what is the salt content
Where are these made, and what is the company that makes them?
DO THESE FIT THE WIDE MOUTH JARS??
Can you boil these to sterilize them?
Does anyone know if these are PBA Free? Thanks
Do all three lids have the same size holes?
Does the screen section come apart from the ring part or is it all one piece ?
Is there any indication of the type of plastic on the underside of the lid? Thanks so much!
Hello :) will you please see if these Tops will Fit &amp; Thread on correctly Onto a Not 16 But a Typical 32 Oz Plastic Best Foods Mayonnaise Jar PLEASE ?
Are these BPA free?
Is this a wide mouth lid?
Is this product made in China? Is the Stevia plant harvested in China?
Can you bake with this?
Where is the ingredients list? Where is the FDA nutrition chart?
I would like to order this product NOW Foods - Certified Organic Liquid Stevia Extract - 8 oz. (formerly Non-Bitter), but what does it me 'formerly Non-Bitter'?
Can anyone rate in comparison to Teeccino Dandelion herbal coffee?
This product lists barley and rye in the ingredients. These grains normally contain gluten. Is the product really gluten-free?
Is Dandy Blend organic?
If you drink this black, does it still taste like coffee? I take my coffee black.
If you use this with chocolate does it intensify the taste just like regular coffee? Has anyone made coffee tasting ice cream with this?
Can I make this in a regular coffee pot?
I have never been a coffee drinker, but I grew up on Postum, How does this compare to other grain beverages?
Does Dandy blend have arcenic in it? I read that it did!
Is anyone else scared that the sugar beets are gmo?
Do you use milk with this beverage?
Need the actual sodium content per MG
what is the salt substitute used?
This is just a comment on the salt-free catsup -- I would like to know how much sugar it has it in and what kind.
it is not clear what i would get for $8.99. Is it one bottle of ketchup?
Is this product gluten free?
Does the product contain Propylene Glycol?
How does the ionic potassium compare to the potassium chloride ( given in meQ doses) that is prescribed by health care providers?
Can you mix this with other liquid supplements when taking my cup of juice in the morning?
OK-I'm game. Can Oscar Rodes or DIANECH tell us what percentage of this jar is GMO-produced erythritol? Or will they continue to plead the 5th?
I thought this product was much cheaper? I purchased it only 3 months ago and the price was roughly $12/container. Is the above an error or a package?
is this made from China?
Can/do you bake with this with any success?
Is this product 90% steviosides? I don't want any additives in my stevia. I want the pure form. Is this it?
does it come with the little spoon ?
Is there xylitol in it
Where is the nutrition label? Where is the ingredients list? Where are directions teling us how much we need to use?
Are there any ingredients in this product that are sourced fron China?
is this soy and gluten free?
Does this have wheat or (wheat based) soysauce in it? We can't eat gluten.
Does this have MSG in it? Please only answer if you have the product and know the answer.
Does this item have msg?
this price is wrong. twice what other retailers are selling this for. is there a reason?
Are the chips kosher?
do you taste the cashews in them?
Does anyone know where these are made? Does anyone know a company that makes Kale chips in this area?
Are these real grains or a "starter"? I'm told the starter only contains 7-9 strains of beneficial yeast vs. the 56 strains in regular grains.
Do not live in the U.S.. How long a period will they stay good before I use them?
I am having a friend bring this to me overseas. How could I have her bring it in her checked luggage rather than carry on for a 2 day journey?
I purchased 2 packages of 2TBLS each of your milk kefir grains. What is the normal/perfect amount of kefir grains to milk once I get them going?
Does its packaging prevent freezing when shipped during winter? If so, then how???
Hi, is it ok to mix coconut milk with whole milk to make the kefir?
can you use these grains with coconut milk? interchangeably with cow's milk?
Can somebody post a picture of what you received, I got a tiny bag of pure liquid from Lifetime Kefir so I am scared to buy more without knowing what I am getting.
I need e-mail support (as offered) but don't see where I can e-mail the seller. Please respond.
How long does it take these milk kefir grains to transition into being goat milk kefir? Goat milk is the only dairy I can tolerate.
what are the flavors included
what flavors are there?
How many packets in this item?
How many calories per packet
approx # of cookies in box
how many pounds is the tin of cookies
Do these cookies contain any artificial ingredients or preservatives? Also, is it exclusively milk and dark chocolate or is there any white chocolate?
Where are these cookies (biscuit) made ?
Hi want to send a a Mother's day Gift. Discription says it is a holiday tin? What is the design?
Do these cookies contain nuts?
I don't really care for white chocolate. Would you say there's approximately equal amounts of milk, dark, and white?
Hi want to send a a Mother's day Gift. Discription says it is a holiday tin? What is the design?
Are the cookies imported from Belgium or another country? I saw another Delacre tin that said it was Belgian chocolate, but it came from Germany.
where are they from?
What country are these from ?
Are these 'RAW' Mediterranean Pine Nuts? Thank you.
is this made with real sugar and not any artifical sweenters such as sucralose or aspartme?
is this made with real sugar and not any artifical sweenters such as sucralose or aspartme?
How many pieces are in each bag?
What flavors come in it?
What flavors are included in this mix?
what is the expiration date on these cans? i'm looking to purchase a case or two but concerned about expiration date?
The price is for total of 6 cans, right?
when the formula will expire?
i want to know the expiration date of this can
Actually is the CREAM pasteurized before its made into butter?
Are the cows ever fed or finished on GMOs or grain? or All Grass/hay fed?
Is the wrapper made of aluminum foil? If not what is it?
Does this come salted
will the item be cold packed and is it imported directly from Germany
Is the milk pasteurized before the butter is made?
The soy used is, surely non GMO?
is it organic
Is there MSG?
what are the nutritional values....need to know carbs, sugar and fat
What is the sodium content of Tamari?
what is the alcohol percentage?
what is the carb or sugar content
How many bags and how many ounces per bag are in these 100 calorie packs/snack bags?
Is this a pack of 3-8 packs?
What is the carbohydrate gram count for a single 100 calorie pack?
What are the ingredients?
Is it 3 bottles (3 x 32) for $18.00?
Is this fermented
Is this sauerkraut raw? Is it pasteurized?
Country of origin?
is this product in a glass or plastic jar?
ANY SUGAR ADDED?
How many carbs are in a serving of this peanut butter and what is the serving size?
Do you get the berry assortment or do you get just the strawberry ones?
What is the expiration date for the icebreakers mints?
What is the expiration date for the icebreakers mints?
Does this work with a Nespresso D-350 machine?
Do the capsules fit the Essenza? The others I have tried are too tall.
Does this work in the Nespresso Dolche Guesto?
i have the romeo nodel would these fit?
will these work on the nescafe dolce gusto by delonghi?
does this work in the Nespresso D90 ?
does this work with the d111 machine? i have already bought two filters that dont fit
can they work in a verismo maker
Do you ship international? Howmuch for shipping?
can you make hot chocolate
Why does it need to be consumed within 24 hours after opening the package? Will it stay if I seal the leftovers in a container with the desiccant ?
Hello, can you please provide the nutritional information for this product as well as the allergen/ingredient list? Thank you
What is the brand of the mochi being sold here?
is this $8.97 for ONE box? The title says "3 boxes", but there are no details of how many boxes are included in this price. Please respond!
you did not mention ingridiance and calories
Are they labeled for resale?
Hi, does 3 packs mean 3 boxes or 3 individual packages?
Is this a bulk pack of sweet-n-low, not packets, right?
How many ounces are in a box? The Product Details suggest that the item weight is more than the shipping weight!
Is the Sweet n Low in these boxes the same Sweet n Low that's in packets? It's a whole box full of the same power(sweet n low) instead of little packets, right?
Has this Sweet and Low box of loose sugar, not packets, been discontinued?
Why did you change the formula? They're awful now.
I am wondering why you have changed the recipe for Stoned Wheat Thins? The new ones are tasteless!
Tastes like a substitute of a soft flour; really bad. Is this temporary?
Are all 6 boxes of Cran-Grape?
What is the sweetner?
does 6 pack mean 6 boxes of 10 packets?
Are they gluten free?
My order has arrived and they are plastic bottles. Will the pumps I use for their glass bottles fit the plastic ones?
are these kosher certified ?
what is used to sweeten?
Does this flavor contain caffeine?
Hello? Could you, please, provide a list of ingredients in this product? Just want to make sure it's safe :)
is mio a replacement for Gatorade etc.
are you getting 20 bars?
content breakdown
sugar content?
Are the Protein chewy bars - peanut butter dark chocolate gluten free?
List of ingredients please :)
are these unsulfured?
Do they still have pits in them?
Are these sweetened or just natural flavor?
Are they pitted?
Are these dates raw?
Are these organic?
I've reviewed the Q&amp;A forum. I see these Mangos have no sugar added. Is there anything at all added to them, i.e. sulpher dioxide, citric acid?
My production date was July 2013. I received them February 2014. Were these stored in the fridge? How can I tell if they're good or not?
Can anyone provide the nutritional data?
Is it processed on or share facilities that also process soy and wheat?
is there sugar added?
Where were these grown? Are these the product of USA?
What is on the ingredient list?
Are these prunes rehydrated?
Are these prunes rehydrated?
Is this item CERTIFIED organic, and if yes, by whom?
Hi there - The header for this product says "5 Lbs." but the product description says "6 Lbs." Which is it? Also, are these UNSULFURED prunes? Thanks!
Is the plastic container BPA Free?
what's the expiration date?
is it liquid?
Is this packaged in glass or plastic? Oils are best packaged in glass because chemicals from plastic (BPA, BPS, etc) can leach into them.
Any tips on how I should store this after opening? Room temp? Fridge? Freezer?
How many grams of sugar? Does it have a distinct flavor?
How much fat is in a serving of Hemp Pro 50? Thanks!
Is Hemp Seed 50 gritty or smooth like the 70? Thanks
Where is this product sourced from?
How many calories is in each serving?
How many servings are in the 32 oz pouch?
Are these raw or roasted in shell? Thank you.
How many almonds do you get per pound?
Are the pasturized?
Have these been roasted in the shell or are they raw?
what is the differance in soft white and hard white wheat, which would probley be the best to get?
Can I store this long term in the freezer and still retain its viability as seed? Should I seal it up in FoodSaver bags to freeze?
Will this do well as a winter wheat in Texas? Or is it better planted in spring?
Is this grown using organic practices of has it been sprayed with pesticides?
shelf life?
What is the sprouting rate and are these organic and if not what types of pesticides are used on them?
What does it mean to be Kosher Parve? and Which kind of wheat would be best to use if I am planning to mill to make Chapathi/ Roti or Tortillas
I'm looking for wheat berries comparable to making flour like King Arthur's white whole wheat, but I make bread with that flour...will this work?
Is your wheat the same as produced in the US prior to the 1950s or has it been modified? I have been sending off to Italy for wheat but prefer USA
Is this Organic?
How about doing sugar free drink in slush maker
does this thing really works ???
DOES SLUSHY MAGIC WORK?
does is work with carbonated drinks
were to buy them ??
does it come with ice-cubes, and are there special ones? because if it only has a few than... How many times can you use it?
What liquid is in the liner itself?
can you buy a seperate top for the magic slush cup?
does it work?
Interesting you don't show the panel that lists the nutritional values! Sodium must be off the dial! Something to hide?
Are these OK for phase 1?
How many carbs does each bar have
How much sugar in each bar?
When it says a pack of eight, in the description, is that for 8 boxes of five bars?
how many carbs, please?
What's the expiration date?
Are these lactose free?
how much sodium is in each bar
With shipping this can of coffee is $28.98. I used to buy it with my PRIME for around $14.99/ can Do you think ONE can is worth almost $30. shipped
I bought the 32oz Tim Horton's coffee for 14.99 towards the end of November and now it is twice the price. Has anyone found it at the 14.99 price ?
How many 6 to 8 oz cups can this make when using Keurig K-cup resuable cups?
Is the can full of coffee? The ad says ," coffee can." If so what grind and flavor?
How many ozs.in a can?
Is there a expiry date for this?
Why has this coffee more than doubled in price since early March 2014 to April 2014?
How many scoop makes a pot
Can says 32.9 oz, Product Details says 1 pounds which is correct? Thanks
If there is 32 oz. in the can for 30.$, that makes it 15.$ ea. lb., not 7.50 ea. lb. Who is right here?
If Kirkland (Costco) stopped making the product in 2011, how old are these cans?
Is the Kirkland Sockeye canned salmon smoked?
Hi, is the 'lid' removable, or must I use a can opener? Thanks.
How much sodium is in a can of Kirkland Signature Wild Alaskan Sockeye Salmon?
is this can/ product BPA free?
I can't cook! Can I use this right out of the can to make Hors d'Oeuvres on crackers without any cooking?
how do you use it?
Is there any dairy, soy or gluten in this? Thank you.
whats the EXP for the cans you received
How long is the shelf life?
What is in this product?
how many carbs? not just net carbs?
Does this product come with recipes or instructions for making the pizza crusts, dumplings, etc.?
There appears to be a fatty crystalized type substance in the mix when dry. Has anyone else noticed this in their boxes?
How does it compare to Bisquick for calories?
Can this be used as a 'flour' coating for frying (pork chops, chicken, etc)?
Nutrition &amp; ingredient labels please
Seems like a lot of ingredients are needed to make the pancakes, and most of them are oils / fats. Doesn't that defeat the purpose a bit?
Can you use this in place of flour? Like on a cup for cup basis?
Is this the same thing as the Atkins All purpose baking mix?
Will the San Francisco Bay Coffee OneCup for Keurig K-Cup Brewers, Rainforest Blend work in a Keurig Office B150?
Will the San Francisco Bay Coffee OneCup Serve cups fit into the metal Keurig coffee drawer holder?
Are SF Bay cups compatible with the Hamilton Beach Flex brew?
Will these work on the Starbuck's Verisimo machines??
(Thanks for your responses so far) and has anyone tried them with a Nespresso U?
Are coffeeducks re-useable or can you only use them once?
after using the duck pod i can't no longer fit any pods in the machine. the pod does not slide in perfectly. any suggestions?
Will these work with the Delonghi Nespresso Lattissima Plus?
Does it work with Dolce Gusto Melody?
Are they plastic. BPA free plastic?
Do the lids work given than 2 of the 1/4 in the pic aren't as perforated as the other 1/4s, more like how Nespresso punctures their capsules?
will these refillable coffee duck capsule work in a illy x1
Has anyone tried these with a Starbucks verismo machine? Do they work?
Why is this showing a price of $10,000 ?
Just wondering if this ia a non GMO product, specifically the Erythritol, thanks in advance.
What is the Erythritol derived from? Is it corn free?
Has anyone tried reordering using the info on the front of the package? Doesn't give a name, just address.Do you write a request note to go along too?
Is this soy free? Lecithin is listed as an ingredient. Is is soy lecithin?
Is it dairy-free? I would like to see the list of ingredients.
I'm wondering if the glycerin in it is plant based or animal based?
Does it have alcohol? One reviewer stated it says 5 % alcohol on the back label.
What I received contains alcohol. All three bottles I ordered. It is certainly not the alcohol-free Frontier vanilla described. Why?
Does this contain any less than .5% alcohol or any alcohol at all?
Does it come in a plastic or glass bottle?
Is it clear? Or does it have any color in it? I want to flavor fondant with it.
Is this as concentrated as regular vanilla extract? Would I use the same amount in recipes or would I need to use more to get the vanilla taste?
Is this product gluten free?
can this product be stored in the container that it comes in?
I am wondering if anyone has used and compared this saffron to the Gathering of Saffron brand saffron, if it is the same in quality, if not taste?
How were the dishes made with this saffron? Was a lot or a little needed to get the full flavor that good saffron offers?
what is the shelf life unopened
does th product have to be stirred when opened in order to mix in the oil?
Are your jars BPA free?
Is the 16 oz jar made of glass or plastic? I'm going to be bringing some back with me in my luggage and need to know this. Thanks
Does this come in a plastic or glass jar? Thank you
Should I keep this peanut butter refrigerated after I open it? Thank you!
Is there hydrogenated peanut oil in it?
Is this type of peanut butter good for baking? Has anyone tried it in cookies?
A lot of people say it's runny. Is that a batch problem or is it ALL just runny?
What are the ingredients in it? Thanks
How does this peanut butter compare to Adams in consistency? Is it thicker? Thinner? About the same?
What are the ingredients?
Does anyone know what is the protein content of this peanut butter?
How much salt does. It have
does this product ship in glass or plastic jars?
DOES IT HAVE SUGAR
do you need to refrigerate ?
Would anyone say this brand is similar to Adam's natural Peanut Butter? I'm an Adam's fan and am nervous about purchasing a different brand.
can somebody explain this.what is different about a "spread"."Teddie is a true Natural peanut butter, NOT a peanut butter "spread""
it just has 2 ingredients? how much sodium per serving, how salty is it?
Why are the peanuts roasted prior to making the peanut butter?
Does the jar/lid contain BPA?
Does the peanut butter have flaxseed in it?
Are they guaranteed fresh?
Are they guaranteed gluten free?
how can i get ruffles french fries?
How many ounces is each bag?
The picture shows the skylanders sidekicks promotion: are people receiving the promo bags when ordering this?
ok this is a real question why would you buy chips from the enternet?
Are there any artificial colors in them?
How many sticks come in one package?
are they individually wrapped?
Are they individually wrapped?
how many come in a packet?
has Zoe stated yet that their oil is 100% olive oil and not cut/mixed with any cheaper oils?
Is the can lining BPA free? I know the ZOE kids olive oil has a can with a BPA free lining.
Is it DOP or PDO desiganted?
Is this gmo free???
CAN THIS SAFELY BE USED FOR DEEP FRYING?
does anyone have any insight as to whether this is real OO? I can't find any testing results anywhere for this brand.
Is this oil 100% made by oliver without any other additive?
How can you tell what the date of production is or when it expires? No telling how old the oil is...
Is this mixed oils from different countries?
can you use this for making soap? If so does it work well?
What is the harvest year?
is this product kosher?
How long does this oil last from the manufacturing date? Thanks
If you bought it from Amazon, how much time from the time you received it until expiration date? Thanks in advance
How long does the oil last w/out going rancid from day of opening, even if there is still time left to expiration? Thanks
Does the tin still have a plastic liner?
is it 100% Olive Oil? i hear on the radio that unless it states on the bottle or can "100% olive oil" that it may not be and probably isn't 100%
I dont see the ingredients listed anywhere. Can you please provide the details on it ?
Is this really for 1 Litre? The picture shows a 750 ml tin.
Has anyone performed the freeze test? u put in frig-small amnt- the harder it gets-solid - the better quality of oil!!
Will this be 20 DIFFERENT teas? Some reviews mentioned duplicates and I want to be sure it's 20 DIFFERENT flavors before I order it. Thanks.
How long with the tea and coffee pods last? Should they be refridgerated if not used, say, in 1 month?
Do these K-cups work in the Keurig 2.0
Are these all teas? Some in the pictures look like coffee.
Do the teas come in the nice gift box shown in the pictures. I read a review that they were in a paper bag. Thanks.
Is this couverture
Does anyone know if it is possible to find a small sample of this specific brand of chocolate? I want to know how it tastes before I buy.
Is this the equivalent of "unsweetened" baking chocolate?
Hi, what is the expiration date on this product dark chocolate callets 52.3%; 22-lb)?
What kind of package do these nuts come in?
Are the nuts roasted in cottonseed or peanut oil?
Is it processed on equipment that also packages peanuts? Or do the ingredients have any peanut product like peanut oil?
How much is included in the Gourmet unsalted deluxe mixed nuts
how many ounces
What kind of oil are they roasted with?
how does it come packaged? - can, jar, bag?
Could someone please reply with the list of ingredients? Thank you.
Does this product contain Aspartame?
can anyone tell me how many calories it has per serving?
What is the expiry date?
Is this oatmeal iron-fortified?
Does happy babies cereal contain sugar, or salt?
I just want to know which package of Happy Bellies is the new one?
Does it contain gluten?
When is the expiration date of this? And does it suitable for six months baby?
Is this price of 10.29 for just one 7 oz can? Or is it for multiple cans and if so how many? The price in the store is 3.39 per can.
what is the expiration date?
How much caffeine is in one of these K-cups?
what is the length, width and height of the 54 count?
What are the flavors?
How many pieces of candy in the 2LB bag?
I'm looking for very samll wrapped columbina candies that come in strawberry, blackberry, peach, and green apple. Are these it?
Are Colombina fruit filled candies gluten free?
What are the ingredients? Is it vegan and all natural?
Can this be used for making cosmetics, ie lotions, shampoos, toners etc?
What is the shelf life for this product?
Could I use this in making flavored Chapstick?
is this oil base? Can I use this for macaron making?
Can they be frozen?
Are these individually wrapped?
What is the expiration date?
How many calories per wafer?
Can anyone tell me the sodium content per serving of this Kirkland Signature Rustic Tuscan Seasoning?
Is this a no-salt seasoning?
The expiration date?
do you sell just plain Kirkland steaak seasoning
Is this sale for one bottle? Or multiple?
Does anyone know if these contain lead? The ones from Hong Kong and Taiwan were banned due to overexposure of lead...does anyone know?
Where are those made from?
Are they all dried out? Only one comment mentioned dryness.
Do these have salt? I've been looking for dried plums to make Popsicles, but I need plain not salty.
Is this a gluten free product?
Can you please tell me what the measurements are for each banana?
are these the small runts? not the big ones that come in bags of runts
Are these Banana candies Peanut/tree nut free
How many are in a pound ?
Do you have any idea how many are in a pound ?
This price is for a packet of yeast or a full case? Thanks
What is the alcohol tolerance of this yeast ?
How much yeast is this??
I am looking for a non-American flour I can use to make flaky Pie Crusts. Would this work for that?
Can I use double zero flour for pie
how long is the shelf life on the bags (unopened and once you open)?
is each bag 2.2lbs?
ok pizza lovers. I've tried dozens of dough recipes, AP, K.A. flours and just can't seem to get that bubbly, chewy texture we all are looking for. You know exactly what I mean. I've decided to try this flour. With all the pizza lovers here, can anyone...
How do you store them?
What's the difference between hard and soft wheat berries? I never mill mine, using them whole is salads and such. I enjoy nutty textures in my food.
Are the soft white spring berries?
I want to call in my order.. what number do i call
How would you describe the sweetness of this tea?
How does this tea compare to Constant Comment?
How does this differ from the box of 50 satchels? Is it different material for the satchels or just for people who store their tea in a tin not a box?
Are these the silken sachets shaped like a pyramid? Or regular tea bags?
How does this compare with Harney &amp; Sons Classic Hot Cinnamon Spice Tea?
Does the hot cinnamon spice tea come in decaf?
Does one tea bag make 2 cups, like other Harney teas?
how many calories in this tea?
How does the taste of this tea compare with "Market Spice" cinnamon orange tea? thank you.
Is it possible to get a coin operator for another currency? I'd like to use this in Korea.
My gumball machine will give out 2 gumballs almost every 2nd or 3rd rotation. How do I stop this and get it to only give out 1 gumball per quarter?
Can someone give me a a more accurate size description? A picture of the machine next to something else would be best.
Is this an authentic gumball machine? (Meaning is there no way to get the gum out without putting in a quarter or being the owner with the key?)
Can you set the Big Bubble Gumball Candy Machine to only take quarters?
Does it hold the large gumballs or only the small ones?
Have you every dispensed starburst candy from this machine? Let me know if you have and it works without any issues.
Is the top made of glass or plastic?
can it be put on a stand?
Can I buy vending capsules to put inside it?
Where is it manufactured, from where do the ingredients come? Made in USA is big positive for many
Can you tell me if it is a coarse granule that you could use in a french press or boil and strain, or is it a powder?
Is this product gluten free or not?
Has anyone successfully cold brewed this product?
Is this gluten free?
Does it have teeccino? I can't find the ingredients anywhere on the Amazon photos.
what are the ingredients
Is the ashwaganda, roasted?
how can I get the calorie etc info?
Is it gluten free
Is this actual ground coffee, or instant coffee with flavoring in it?
What is the expiration dates?
is this light roast like other flavored coffees?
what flavors of tea in this assortment
is the box reusable or is it made of cardboard?
Are all 60 tea bags individually wrapped?
What teas are included?
What are the flavors of the teas in this collection???
it says 5 flavors, but how many packets of each flavor?
Are any of these gluten-free? Thank you!
Can someone post the nutrition label for this product?
At these Vegan?
Does this accept standard Nitrous Chargers or do you have to buy the Molecule-r brand chargers?
Can I use CO2 chargers with this as well, or is it just N2O?
I need to know is it made of plastic , stainles steel in, and out by plstic or something like that, and the capacity I need it 1 Qt.
Is this better than the Isi creative whip?
Can boiling water be used in it?
Does this use or make l pt. of whip cream?
Can you eat a tablespoon of coconut oil by itself? Or do you mix it with something? Thanks
The headline says EXTRA virgin but the picture shows" virgin", which is it?
Is this specific one cold pressed?
Is anyone using for soap making/
what's the difference between gold and silver/various 'bloom' numbers?
how many once does on sheet contain?
How many sheets in one count and what's the weight of one sheet?
Can I use this product for windows in gingerbread houses?
Odd question--what is the approximate volume? Want to know if it will fit into a 5.5qt container.
What kind of protein is this?
About how many 8fl oz hot drinks can you get out of the 3lb bag?
Is there any sugar alcohol in this product?
How many carbs does it have per scoop? Both total and net. Thank you.
Does anyone know if there is sugar or sweetener of any sort in this? Thanks in advance.
is this gluten free
This contains yeast extract. Doesn't that actually come down to another name for monosodium glutamate or MSG?
Could you list the ingredients? Thanks!
What is the sodium content?
betterthanbouillon gluten free
Are the nuts salted or unsalted?
Is this basket all vegan?
Gluten Free?
is this kosher certified?
is it kosher?
what does this product weigh?
Is the fruit from Pacific Coast organic?
is there any unnatural ingredients in this? preservatives?
size
For anyone who has experienced mold have you experienced the same since then, were you reimbursed? I would like to order because the price is great on here, but don't want to roll the dice with mold. Thanks in advance!
calories
What are the ingredients of the blueberry and vanilla bars?
Are these 3 x 1lbs bags, or 3 x 1/3 lbs bags? Description is confusing.
How can this say gluten free when back of the packaging states "processed in a facility that also handles cereal grains"??? I really do not want this rice because I thought I was getting a gluten free product.
how much should i buy for 36 people?
Can I use this coffee safely for super automatic machine ( Delonghi 23.450s ) ?
Why is it called this name, lots of caffene?
Has anyone used this coffee for coffee enemas since it's high in caffeine? Also, is there a place to buy it in larger quantities (i.e. bulk or 2 lbs)
It says whole bean so I assume all orders come unground?
What's the shelf life of this coffee? Normally, it's 6 months but I am not sure about yours..
Dark Roast, Strongest Coffee. DOES NOT COMPUTE
the caffene content, does it come strictly from the bean or is the bean infused with additional caffene that does not occur naturally in the bean
Is the coffee grounded?
espresso
Is it banned in some Arab countries? Does a high percentage of alcohol guardian?
Can anybody tell me if it has a bitter taste, I love strong, not bitter, thx
which is the strongest cafeine wise, the Valhalla or the regular Death Wish Coffee?
16oz bag of what? Drip grind? Espresso grind? Perc grind? Partial grind? Whole bean? Living in a VA center, I need to know to be able to use.
Does this use Robusto beans to jump the caffeine up or do you use Arabica beans? If you use Arabica beans what boosts the Caffeine level?
How do you double the caffeine?
Does anyone know the actual caffeine content (I've always heard the darker the roast the lower the caffeine content)?
coarse or fine ground ? is it ok with french press
is this really ground coffee of death wish and if it is grounded for a coffee machine?
What is the difference between this and the Valhalla Java Ground Coffee? Which is preferred, and why?
where do you source your buckwheats
What are the nutritional values per serving? (calories per serving, and how much is a serving?)
is this really a product of china?
Is your product made from whole buckwheat flour or bleached buckwheat flour? Does it have any Omega 3s?
HOW MANY OZ. PER PACKAGE ?
Do you sell any decaffeinated teas?
Is this tea decaf?
What size is it
What size is the canister
can reuse these canister
How are 60 packets for 12$ a better deal than walmart's 30 packets for ~3.40$?
does it have artificial sweeteners like the brands have all switched to..?
how long does is store for? what is the average length to expiration date?
Can it be made with water?
Is there artificial sweetener. ie sucrolose, aspertame, or etc.. in this product.
is there caffeine
what is the ingredient list?
How do you get the salty flavor without sodium or potassium?
Is this container made of plastic or glass?
What percentage of Benson's salt substitute is each black and red pepper?
Does "yeast extract" contain glutamate?
DO you use Organic Products as ingredients?
Hello, what guarantee can you offer in regards to the packaging/fruit quality? I ask because some reviews mention poor packaging led to spoiled fruit
So, I order this and send to my friend (recovery)? Can I insert a get well message or card anywhere?
Does this contain Cheddar Cheese and Olive Oil Sea Salt Crackers, or Jack Cheese and water crackers? both descriptions are listed.
I received the basket and it was wrapped beautifully does it need to be refrigerated. I am sending it to my friend by Hand tommorrow.
Can this be delivered to a person in a hospital/ rehabilitation facility?
I need to ship this to Massachusettes to my fiance, who has a PO Box. Can you ship to a PO box and will it travel well?
I would like to order this basket, but I'm not sure if my mother-in-law would like the Jack cheese, could I substitute cheddar?
how many ounces of nuts
Can you deliver on a specific date?
What are the nutritional facts?
how many ounces is bag
How many bars in package?
May I please see the list of ingredients &amp; nutritional information? Thanks
how many bags are for this price?
how many bags are for this price?
Is this 6 boxes?
Why has the price tripled? I have been getting this much cheaper on Amazon.
How many bars are in the packaging? Is it a box full of boxes of these Quaker bars or is it just one box with six bars for 29.63?
Does this mean 6 pkgs of 6 each for a total of 36 bars?
How old are these boxes? Expiration Dates?
Are these discontinued? I used to find them all the time at Target but they never carry them anymore.
Greetings, will you combine shipping for an order of say four 6packs? thanks
How long are they good for? I don't see an expiration date on the package. Can they be frozen?
If I order more than one pack, can you combine shipping?
Where can I find the nutrition facts?
Does this muffin have a kosher symbol or supevision?
What are the tota carbs?
are these sweetened with Splenda???
Are these okay to have while on Atkins?
how manycalories in muffin
How many calories are in each muffin?
The 36 count decaf is about $18.00 and the 72 count is about $90. Something has to be wrong here.
Is this chem free/water processed decaf? Or formaldehyde?
Is it for Kurig coffee makers
I ordered these because it said they came with the freedom clip and could be used in my Keurig 2.0. It did not come with a clip, how can I use them?
Igot the decaf cups for my keurig 2.0, but my machine says they are not compatible. ???
Are the 36 cups loose in box or packaged in small packs within box?
Is this coffee organic AND do these cups work in the Keurig 2.0?
Why has the price on your decaf DOUBLED in the past 30 days?
Is this particular item organic? The box in picture says organic but the item description does not... please clarify. Thank you!
Confused. Are these compatible with the older Keurig brewers or only the new 2.0 brewer line?
What is the sweetener used in Haribo sugar free classic gummy bears?
Were these bears forged in the fires of hell?
where are these evil bears made? china?
can i order these hell bears in the uk?
Why are these so expensive?
Is the the same effect one gets from eating the fat free Pringles?
For 32 dollars I have to ask; are these the gummy bears that have a strong laxative in them?
Um, how exactly is "hydrogenated glucose syrup" sugar-free?
how many calories per serving?
How many of these deadly gummies are there in the bag?
Where do they come from?
Is this product raw or ready to eat? Thanks!
How much do we get for the price???? I see the price, but what's the weight?
What is on the label for nutrition content?
are these bars made with cooked or raw quinoa?
how much protein in this bar?
Which country does the turmeric come from?
What is the difference between this product and the product also named Frontier organic turmeric, but the price is 6$ more per pound?
What is the content of curcumin
I have received package today. It does not say sugarless anywhere. How do I know it is sugarless? CK
what is candy sweetened with?
Does anyone know the nutritional information?
I received Barrels today. It does not say sugarless anywhere. How do I know they are truly sugarless? CK
approx how many pieces are in a 1lb bag?
What are nutrition values ?
Kosher?
Number of pieces in 1 pound?
Is this free of pesticides? I want to use it for cooking.
Is this oil good for baby massage?
Is this oil refined? I read that refined avocado oil has a 520 degree smoke point. I would like to find a very high smoke point oil.
Where is this avocado oil produced?
is this oil cold-pressed?
what is the expire date for this product?
Does it have a strong scent?
Is this oil be suitable for a 1-year old baby?
How is this brand comparable to Aura avocado oil? Looks like for the same price, I only get half the quantity.
I purchased couple of Avocodo Oil. Why some color is different from others? Some are lighter and some are darker. Is it OK?
Nutritional content?
is this dark chocolate or milk chocolate ?
Hi, How many carbs per "serving" on these sugar free chips? Thanks!
are they dark or milk chocolate
What % of chocolate in these chocolate chips? Thank you
what is it sweetened with?
What sweetener is used?
Is this for just ONE?
what is cookie butter?
Is this as nutritious as peanut butter?
Do you ship to london?
Is trader joe's cookie butter kosher as in does it have a symbol on the jar?
can i buy a case?
Is the container made of plastic or glass?
Is this similar to Biscoff Spread?
How can I use this with my Brownie Mix???
I have put in an order but saw no where to choose the flavors that I wanted
are these packeged in glass or plastic bottles?
can i use for e-cig flavors
Do any mention may contain peanut?
how do we choose flavors
What is the shelf life if the LorAnn candy Flavorings?
are they colored oils like blueberry is the oil blue? or is it clear?
Can you use these in hot tea? How many cups (8 oz) of hot tea could you flavor from a dram?
Why is there no Pumpkin flavor??!! Pumpkin would be awesome dont you think??!!
It's unclear from some of the reviews, are these drops unsweetened--not "do they have sugar," but "do they taste at all sweet"?
Can you use these oils to add flavoring to baked treats like cupcakes and frostings or are they only for candy
Can I use your flavorings to make e juice for vaping?
How do we choose the flavors, and where is the list of flavors?
do you have this same setup for ejuice?
Can I pick more than one of the same flavor to make up the 24 count in the 24 pack? Or do they all have to be different flavors?
I need the following flavors: strawberry, orange, peppermint and pineapple. Do you have them? To mix with 8oz water how many drops do I need ?
Where is a list of flavors...I want the 24 pack but I want to see a list to make my choices
are these oil soluble?
so there are two answers for the vape- are they or are they not good for making your own e-juice for vape?
what kind of flavering can you vape
I need to know the ingredients in it
How many net carbs (net carbs = carbs minus fiber)?
Do you ship to the UK?
is this product dairy free? No dairy in the cocoa?
How many Carbs per serving?
What are the ingredients?
In general and with this product specifically, is there naturally occuing caffeine from the chocolate and how much do you think?
Does it contain dairy?
Does it have an aftertaste, or change the taste of whatever it's used in? I mainly use sweeteners in coffee or tea.
is this gluten free? does it have dextrose?
What are the ingredients other than inulin, which is mentioned in the product description?
Where is this made?
Can you just stir it into hot coffee without it clumping?
CAN THIS BE USE TO BAKE WITH?
What Items, and Sizes, EXACTLY are in this bundle of Gluten Free items? NORMALLY the listing tells you EXACTLY what size each item is &amp; what product
Has the gf Bisquick improved since coming out? Bought a box when new &amp; it had the consisteny of granulated sugar. I've been using King Arthurs since.
Is the package 5 of each mix?
what are the contents of the multi pack?
Does it say if the plastic jar is at least BPA free?
What is the difference between this and Y.S. Organics Certified Organic Honey?
1) how many year can we keep it on a shelves? 2) the raw one or the cook one that we can keep it a long time?
what is the difference between the raw organic honey and the raw honey other than a plastic container and a glass container??
On the label in front it states unpasteurized but there is a separate lable saying it is pasteurized. Which is it?
Why is the 48 count more than double the 24 count? Significantly more....
Is this stronger than the Dark Magic extra bold?
I see that there are 2 different labels (one is brown and one is green) for this coffee. Is the coffee exactly the same with both labels?
acid
what is Fair Trade Organic Sumatran reserve?
They don't list the ingredients. Is it vegan?
Please list all ingredients?
How many ounces in each jar?
Is refrigeration recommended?
Does this come in a glass jar?
what are the nutrition facts?
are there any preservatives in this product?
Is there any added sugar, of any kind?
Are they from China?
Are these freeze dried?
Is it supposed to smell like hay? It smells like a horse barn or country fair! Tastes good though.
does anyone know how this rice is processed in order for it to be transformed into something molecularly different from it's natural state?
I have a zojirushi fuzzy logic rice cooker. Can I cook this rice in it? (Or any rice cooker for that matter.) Thanks.
Is it supposed to smell like hay? It smells like a horse barn or country fair! Tastes good though.
Does anyone know if this works the same way Dreamfields does with pasta...keeping blood sugar counts down while allowing you to enjoy the product?
do you sell more sizes other then 1 dram or 1 once ?
most hard tack recipes call for a tablespoon of flavoring. is this strong enough to do a batch, or would i have to use 3 bottles?
I want some home-made scented fog, will this work for that? Or will it just kill my fog machine
I'm new to the vaping world and i'm just wondering if this will be okay to put in my vape pen. Is this juice meant for it?
can these work in an ego vape
Can you use this in a hookah pen for the juice
Good I wonder if each package has 5 bottles of flavors ? I am from Venezuela and I do not understand much English and I use google translator is
Can I use these to make cake pop coating or to bake cakes? Anyone tried? If it is okay, which 5 do you recommend? Thanks!
Does it say nicotine free on the bottles?
Do these contain nicotine? Not sure if you have to mix the flavors with some kind of nicotine or what? First time buyer....
How many servings are in this 10lb. pail?
Cooking - do you have any good tips or favorite recipes?
About how thick are the slices after they are reconstituted?
How do you open it?
Is this a U.S. company?
What are the ingredients in this product ?
What is the average shelf life of this product?
Are the buckets shipped inside a box or just in the bucket?
GMO Free?
My bucket seemed to be partially collapsed in the middle. I assume due to the vacuum. The box was fine. Is this normal?
Is this for 3 boxes of king of coffee, for a total of 72 packets?
What is an exp.date?
If I am reading correctly, for $38 + s&amp;H I will recoeve 3 boxes with 25 sachets of Orhgano Gold Coffee. Is this correct?
You are selling 3 boxes of King Coffee for $40.00?
Is it produced by USA?
This rice is advertised on Amazon as organic but upon deeper investigation this does not appear to be the case. Is it organic?
Is it black rice or a black rice blend? Packaging looks like it is just black rice, but Amazon description says blend of black an mahogany.
I don't understand the strange brown paper bag in the immense amount. It is not like any other Lundberg product. Can anyone explaint this?
So do the plants come separately packed from each other and the soil/moss?
I noticed that my Venus Fly traps are not getting any flies,Ect.Will they be alright?
My daughter has a science fair project with 2 other girls. Are these flytraps big enough to feed manually and observe results?
I have a water filter attached to my faucet, does that count as distilled water?
This comes with all the planting material needed for the plants?
will these eventually turn in to more than 3?
they won't bite me while planting???
Got my flytraps two days ago, been given Ozorka Distelled water, now one trap is turning black, but only one, and the moss is moist, why?
Can I feed him crickets from places like petsmart instead of flies just to watch my plant eat???
We have a problem with fruit flies in our kitchen. Will this (or any other carnivorous plant) effectively reduce the fly population?
how many calories does this bread have?
Does this product contain GMOs?
Does this bread contain eggs?
Can you freeze this bread ?
Does this bread last longer in the refrigerator?? I don't eat bread often but would like to try it for tuna sandwiches, toast, and egg sandwiches.
How long does it take to dry out, unrefridgerated? Thinking about a long-ish distance gift.
Hi, does this bread get dried out if refrigerated or frozen like store-bought? Will someone (75 yrs old) w/picky palate enjoy? Thank you!
When ordering multiple items can shipping be combined for a reduced shipping charge?
Is $18 a loaf normal???? $6.99 + $10.97 shipping!!!!! Can I find a Gluten-Free loaf cheaper in stores?
What are the ingredients in this bread ?
I have tried several of these suggestions and it is great!
what dose it help you with
is it organic?
Is this like black coffee, or like a sweet, milky latte? I love cappuccino mixes, but I'm looking for a healthier alternative to that.
this box what is the price i see alot of different price this one is it $13 or $14.50 if it is $13 i would like 3 boxes if it is $14.50 i would like 2
What kind of sugar and how much is in a packet of Cafe Latte?
what are the health benefits of drinking this coffee?
How many come in a box? it does not say..
Is it FDA Approved?
Where does this product originate? Can someone please check their package for me? Thanks!
what is the size of each sheet?
Do they taste fishy
Do these have the chocolate flavor hearts?
Are these truly Necco brand? The picture appears as Brach's based on texture, color, and phrases. (also matches 1 star reviews of flavor to Brach's).
Are they soft? My teeth can't really handle the hard and tough conversation hearts that are often sold.
Some people say they are the original flavor, and others say they are the new crappy flavor. I want the ORIGINAL. How do I find out FOR SURE what I will get, before I order?
does it contain animal gelatin?
What is the shelf life?
is this instant?
How many teaspoons and how many water do you need per one coffe mug?
How many ounces is this container?
Lemon Curd Experts--are there different styles of curd depending on if there's more butter versus eggs?
Ingredients?
Years ago there used to be a lemon butter, orange butter, similar to apple butter. Do you think this is the same thing? I cannot find lemon butter anywhere.
Can these wafer cookies be frozen or will freezing destroy them?
How large are the cookies? Can you make ice cream sandwiches?
My dad said he used to eat a chocolate cookie that was "like an oreo without the cream in it". Are these like that?
where is the use by date?
Did anyone get your order recently and have nearly all cookies in four boxes unbroken?
Are they newly manufactured. Why so expensive
Are the indiviually wrapped chews sealed airtight? I've had another brand that was paper wrapped and got stale quickly. How long do these stay fresh?
How many pieces are considered a serving and how many carbs in a serving?
Are all flavors of ginger chews spicy?
Is there ginger in the ginger chews?
Since this comes in a container like normal peanut butter, can you mix all of the water in ahead of time and store it?
Should this product be refrigerated after opening?
Is this USDA Certified Organic?
where is the nutritional information on this product? What is the carb/fiber/protein information?
Sugar? Does this product contain sugar of any kind.
What is the shelf life of this product -- if unopened?
Some questions: I'm very interested in this product, however I have a few questions: 1) How many sheets are in each package?
Do you or can you cook these either filling them and then baking them or deep frying them? I was in search of gluten free won ton wrappers.
I would like to know the carb count per wrapper, checked the web site and didn't see it.
Is this product made in USA?
I purchased this item and was shipped one package of 6 wraps for $24.00. I expected to receive 6 packages. What should customers be receiving?
What's the expiration date on the Vietnamese Brown Rice Spring Roll Wrappers 6-pack currently available through Amazon?
Can you freeze them until you are ready to use them?
can these be frozen and used alter.
Can you freezed these?
Is the brown rice used Genetically Engineered/GMO rice?
What do these taste like? Please be descriptive!
Are you shipping these from within the US or will they be shipped from Europe
What is the expiration date and are these being shipped from within the U.S. Or are the being shipped from Europe
Does this item come from within the us or do I have to pay a customs duty. I have bought them in Europe and they are excellent
What is the expiration date of this batch? Hopefully this is a new batch, not the same that expired 03/2013.
I would like to know the date of manufacture.
What is the expiration date on these?
How many generations can one replicate if the culture is kept well?
Where is the best place to store the culture when it is still in the packet?
Is it a vegan or kosher product?
Does your culture have milk or milk products. I am looking for a dairy free culture. Thank you.
Is there any sugar in it?
Can you tell me if your starter has any other culture besides the bulgaricus strain? I'm trying to avoid the acidophilus strain.
does anyone have directions
Is this product ground or beans? If "ground" is it suitable for perculators?
What kind of roast is this?
I want to know for sure if this order will come with 12 cans or 6 cans - the description is confusing; but with the price I'm hoping its 12?
What is the expiration on the cans to be shipped?
Is this 6cans or 12 cans?
how big are they?
do you get 3 plants with this order?
Have ordered several in the past. What makes them turn black and die? Thank you.
How big are they?
How many come per order?
Can you store this in the freezer?
How many servings do you get from 11 pounds?
Is the cheese made with animal rennet? Thank you.
what is the nutritional facts?
If I'm buying this for a Christmas gift will it last for 2 weeks wrapped up or should I wait to purchase it?
I love this idea of the terrarium and air plant. What is the measurement of the terrarium? Do you have some that are a little bigger or just one size?
I opened the terrarium today to check on it. But it's for Christmas and I want to put it back in the box. DO I water and then put back? or?
What do you do when plant gets bigger? Replant?
Can someone give me detailed care instructions for the moss?
Does the plant require sunlight?
This is probably a stupid question, but I got a pack of bonus "thank you" seeds with my terrarium, and I am wondering if you put them in it or what?
Will the plants survive shipping in freezing weather?
how long does the plant live
If I order this as a gift does it need to be opened right away so the plants don't die? If I were to keep it in the box how long could I do that for?
how come you don't rename the product, "maltodextrin in the raw"????? after all, maltodextrin is the #1 ingredient!!!
Can you tell me if what is pictured in your AD is what I will get in the mail? I want the product that is pictured
Which company deceptively manufactures and promotes this dextrose in the raw?
What are the specific ingredients in this product please?
which is the expiration date of the product ? and I made a purchase of 11 boxes
What is the expiration date for this product?
Can I use this in a pizza dough recipe for a bread machine?
Is this product unbleached?
Why are all the Antimo Caputo 00 Pizzeria Flour repacks! Is it the real deal we're getting?
Does this repackaged flower come with the milling date? That is crucial info which I hope it does come with at least. Planing on aging my flower.
Anyone has a good pizza dough recipe and procedure for this flour to share with me?
Have you changed your packaging to a box? I will order put don't want to receive a broken/taped up shipping bag. Thanks
What is the Gluten Content .... ?
cookies
Does anyone know of any stores in the US specifically VA that carry this? Thanks!
What is the difference between this flour and the caputo 00 chefs flour?
How many marshmallows are in the bag?
what is the expiration date on these marshmallows?
how big is each marshmellow? ie: mini, standard or jumbo roasting size..
Are these cashews packaged in a facility that processes soy, and other tree nuts (walnuts more specifically)?
Do these cashews come vacuum sealed?
are these unsalted? thank you.
Are they gluten free?
ARE THESE CERTIFIED ORGANI? Conventionally grown with herbicides, or herbicide resistant GMO?
Are these cashews pasteurized?
is this product whole 30 approved
Any idea what country these cashews are sourced from?
The #1 ingredient in this product is corn syrup solids?
What is the expiration date of the product?
Does it come with the reusable tub?
sugar free?
Do these kcups have artificial sweeteners in them?
how many calories and sugar in each cup
is this compatible with the keurig 2.0 brewing system
Do these work with Keurig 2.0 or other newer keurig brewers?
can you use these packs in keurig 2.0 unit
is it gluten free?
Do they contain any Stevia ?
Do these work with the new keurig 2.0
Are there any hot chocolate K-cups that don't contain artificial sweeteners?
How long do these store for?
Do you have food that does not have an expiration date where it keeps for an idefinite period?
are these cans what is referred to as a #10 can or a pantry can please?
How many cans in a case?
Are the cans liners BPA free?
Someone said the cans were only 14.5 ounces cans say 1lb12 ounces which is it? Thanks
12 cans are at what weight / each and total weight or all 12 is? Someone should perhaps proofread this ad?
Do you have any tests to back up the 12 - 15 year shelf life claim?
how is it packaged?
Is this ground beef or roast beef?
How is this packaged to prevent crushed cans?
What is the fat content, broken down by saturated, etc., please?
any pork product in this item?
How do you store the unused portion of sugar floss?
Can I see the ingredients label? We have severe allergies to nuts.
Can this be used in the hard candy Nostalgia cotton candy machine?
is it kosher?
Hi, I would like to have the expiration date. Thanks,
How many of these cartons do you receive?
About how many servings can this make?
Does anyone know about how many cups of sugar one 1/2 gallon carton contains?
Can anyone tell me the approximate number of services you get per container?
dose all 14 box come together
How many cotton candy cones can I expect to make with a 3.25 lb carton?
How many cartoon ? And do you ship to Saudi Arabia ?
Is the banana flossugar sugar free
Is the flossugar banana sugar free?
How many ounces can this cup hold?
are these cups made in the USA?
what are cups made of?
are they microwave safe?
Can you wash these cups in the dishwasher?
Can this cup be used in a microwave?
Are they free of leaven?
what is used to make matzos
are you sure they are unsalted?
Hi, which haechsher
Amazon shows two different pictures of this product. One box looks to be the traditional square, the other pic a rectangular box. Which is it?
are they gluten free?
Since there is 18 piceces per box, that means it is 90 pieces all together?
how many crackers per box
Are tne Matzos unsalted?
Unsalted?
What are the ingredents? No label? Is there a need to hide the list of ingredients?
does it have sugar in it? what other ingredients besides raspberry?
Nutrioion and ingredients label
Once opened does it need to be refrigerated?
how many come in the shipment for this price?
The white powder on the top of the ciabatta is normal?
So do you get 6 packages with 4 rolls in each pack?
Can they be frozen
What is the shelf-life?
Is each bottle 1.1 oz or are all 3 bottles in the pack of 3 equal to a total weight of 1.1 oz?
Would someone please list the full ingredient list?
it is raw?
Can you freeze this product (without losing flavor) to preserve shelf life?
The first thing I want to know about a food product is the ingredient, I would like to see the back of the container to see this.
$16.95 for one jar?
Is this product pasteurized?
What oil/s are in this mayo?
is this product dairy free
how much milk does this make
Camel Milk Powder - Made from 100% Pure Camel Milk , what is the weight?
- What are the dimensions of this item?
We received the spiced apple and carmel apple cider. It seems like moisture had gotten into the cups because the product inside the cup was chunky?
Why are they being packaged in a brown paper bag?
Do these fit the Keurig 2.0 brewers?
What are the ingredients? Is this product sugar free?
Does this k-cup work with kuerig 2.0
Since these are packaged in a plain box, what is the nutritional info that is required by law? Would like to know how many carbs and sugar are there?
Does this contain Dairy?
What is the best by date on these?
Why is this offered as 24 k-cups but the description says only 12 k-cups? Grove Square CARAMEL HOT APPLE CIDER - 24 k-cups
how many calories in a cup of cider?
Do you leave the plastic on the pod when you brew it?
how many calories per serving?
can these pods be used in a delongi machine
are these compatible with nespresso coffee makers?
Are these pods compatible with Keurig coffee makers?
Does these pods fit the DeLonghi Dolce Gusto Genio coffee maker?
How many grams of sugar per pod?
Can they be used twice?
Are the cherries sweetened with high fructose corn syrup or with sugar?
Is there any added sugar in these Cherries? Would it be possible for your to add the ingredients to the website? Thank you
Is the container plastic or glass
What is the difference between coconut cream and coconut milk? Can I substitute coconut cream for coconut milk for baking and making desserts? Thank you all for your help.
Can I use this in my coffee as a substitute to half and half, or would it taste weird unless mixed with other ingredients in baking?
Does anyone know if this can be frozen? I'm sure it will take me awhile to use 33 oz. Thanks!
does this have anything else besides coconut?
can i use coconut cream in a whip cream maker, the kind you charge with nitrous oxide?
is there any carageenan or gums added?
Is this a liquid, like what would be found in the canned version of coconut cream? Or is it more solid, like the "creamed coconut" sold locally?
How long does it last in fridge?
How long is the the life of coconut cream once opened?
Can you use Aroy d Coconut cream instead of Coco lopez coconut cream in a cake recipe. the recipe recommends Coco lopez but i have this product
Is this three bags of Maoams?
do they include cola flavor?
How long will it take to send to Massachusetts?
Why the price change? I bought a 3-pack for under 8 dollars a couple months ago
how long would it take for delivery to Pennsylvania ?
are the messages suitable for senior citizens ?
What's the expiration date?
What are the ingredients?
are they kosher certified
are these cookies peanut free?
Does it have a kosher certification
Are the fortunes appropriate for children?
Does it have ingredients listed?
Does it contain peanut products?
Are these the vanilla flavor or the citrus flavor?
Does this item have a very strong flavor? If I were to dilute it 1:1, would the flavor be overwhelming?
Can this be added to water for a strawberry drink?
What's the country of origin?
Is 19 dollars for a pound of dried cherries fair price?
how many grams sugar in a serving
These are not organic so how much pesticide residue is there, if any?
How can they be kept from spoiling
Are these produced in a facility that produces wheat, gluten, dairy or eggs? Thanks!
Do thtse have pits? Or are they pitted (pits removed) Thanks in advance.
How many ounces in the bag?
are there any sulfites in the processing?
The label days "tart cherries". Does this mean(despite the Amazon description) there could be other varieties in addition to Montmorency in the bag?
Any oil added
contain sugar?
do any of these flavors have dairy in them?
Does the bottle come with a pipette?
Is Bigelow Organic Decaf green tea grown in China? If not where?
Is the tea greenish or brown when brewed? I've read if it is brown then it is low quality and not giving the benefits it should.
Do you know what process is used to decaffeinate the tea?
is this tea made in usa like the caffeinated bigelow tea
Is Bigelow Organic Green Tea grown in China? If not where?
Are they from China?
Are the sheets consistently green or sometimes purple? The package shows both colors so is it half and half?
does this smell fishy?
Why is this twice as expensive as their website?
Does the book of 101 recipes using the preserves come with this product as it does if purchasing directly from Simply Panache?
Are any recipes available for this product?
what is the mango cream cheese recipe?
when can I purchase it.
anyone have better cooking directions than what is on the package? It took much longer to cook to get rid of all the water.
Does anyone know the exact glycemic index for Lanmi Basmati Brown or white rice
This company also makes a brown rice. Is the brown rice also lower glycemic index rice?
Hi, what is the complete nutrition information for this please? I cannot see any on your website. Thanks.
Are there stores in MD that sell this rice?
What country is this rice grown?
How much g.i.value in 100 grams rice( low g.i. laxmi basmati rice)
How much does a 1 1/2 lb bag make?
Does this gravy mix have any meat products in it...ie sausage, chicken fat or broth etc. I am looking for one that is vegetarian.
If I would order the product on 4/29/2014 what would be the expiration date on this product? I would really like to know this before buying it.
I would like to order this today April 29 2014, but am hesitating because of the late expiration date as noted by a reviewer, whats the expiration?
does it fit all nespresso machines
Do these fit the pixie machine?
I have a nescafe dolce gusto. will these fit my maker? I love the maker but cant find anyting to use other then the makers brand and its so high$$ :-(
how many ounces is each pod
Does this taste like butter itself, or is it just another root beer knockoff? What's the closest tasting existing product?
Is it made with organic cane sugar or high fructose corn syrup?
Is there any alcohol in this?
Is this really a 6-pack, or is it a 4-pack as pictured?
Is there an expiry date?
If shipping is $9.49 for 1, why is shipping $21.45 for 2?
What are the ingredients?
Does this dissolve easily (without shaking or stirring a lot)? Thanks
Dear Sir or Madame- Can stevia be used in coffee? I'm completely new to this product. Thank you.
is it pure stevia and zero carbohydrates
is this iodized?
Is the grinder plastic or made of glass?
Can you refill the grinder?
Do these dates have pits?
Are these organic? Where are they grown?
Are your dates irradiated at any point?
what preservative is used?
How big are they?
What is the ingredient list? Is there any added sugar?
Where does the 77.5mg (per serving) of sodium come from, if the only listed ingredients are water and beans?
How do you serve this after boiling
Does it taste good with tomato sauce or does it have a strong black-bean flavor (or both)?
Is this made in China?
The nutritional math does not add up: one serving (56 grams) of 100% black bean pasta has 1/2 the carbs of 56 grams of plain black beans. WHAT???
Is the 2 oz. serving cooked or dry? Thanks.
Does anyone know whether there are 6 7.05oz packages in the add-on option? Or just one?
how many 7.05 oz packages per order? Thank you
How do you measure the black bean spaghetti and know the calorie count that accompanies it?
In what country is this manufactured?
why does it say 16-ounce Jars (Pack of 4), while the shipping weight is 3 lb?
Do you still like it??
I can't find any expiration date on these. Why not?
Is it gluten free?
Is this made from raw, untoasted sesame seeds? I am looking for tahini made with TOASTED sesame seeds, not raw.
1. Does it ship frozen? 2. Is it cooked or prepared?
How many adults does this feed?
How many people does a 5lb roast feed?
Is it bone-in?
I also want to know the grade. What grade is it?
What grade is this? Choice or Prime?
the way the description reads, it looks like one (1) 5 lb. roast. is this what it is? thanks!!
description says ... 1 - 5 lbs. Big difference. Need to serve 4-5. Is this large enough?
Does the meat come already cook?
additives?
How long does this keep in the refrigerator once opened?
Is this garlic actually grown in CA? Some so-called wild-caught Alaskan salmon patties come from China.
which ranch are the garlic grown that used for the Kirkland minced garlic?
Is Trader Joe's Himalayan Pink Salt Crystals available without the grinder?
Is this a non-GMO product?
are all the trace minerals in this salt?
Is Trader Joe's Himalayan Pink Salt Crystals in Grinder Jar UNREFINED SALT?
Is this refillable?
What is the expiration date of this ham? Is it correct to say these canned hams do not need refrigeration until after opeining can?
Where is the nutritional info for this product?
Is this a real solid premium ham that you can slice with a slicing machine like Boar's Head deluxe ham?
can these chunks be used to make a 26% salt brine?
how big is each chunk of salt
What country is this mined from?
Is the item durable? how long are the seeds good for?
Why not source these beans from America and provide proof of 'organic' growing conditions?
I was supposed to purchase split mung beans and got these instead. Can I still use them to make Khichadi?
I notice many of the reviewers mention that the beans are organic, however, they aren't listed that way. Did something change?
Why have you not updated your site to say these are grown in China?
Reviewer says these bean are now grown in China. Nobody wants to eat their poison. can you certify that these are USA grown?
Is it ok that these beans are turning a reddish color right before they're mature?
Does this work with the RIVO Keurig?
Does this work with the Keurig 2.0 models?
will this work with the Keurig B145 OfficePro?
will this fit the B-130 unit?
will this fit the b150: will this fit the B150?
How many carbs does it contain
What kind of sweetener is used in the shake? I do not tolerate most artificial sweeteners.
Did anyone notice any changes in their bodies physically with daily use of this drink?
compare ENSURE COMPLETE to PREMIER PROTEIN
What kind of protein is in them?
Is it gluten free ?
can this be used for weight loss?
I found lumps while was ducking through the straws.is there suppose to be chunks of protein/milk powder(?) Or is it suppose to be smooth ?
Has anyone expierenced trouble with clumping?
Can I heat this drink so I have a hot beverage
Would these be good for making peanut butter?
Do these have the skin on them still?
Is this 2013 new crop?
How much fresh berries make 8 ounces dried? I am looking for a recipe conversion.
do they have any pesticides on them?
Do you have any nutritional information? Calories? Fat? Carb? Protein? Fiber?
It is my understanding that the berries have been grown in Finland. Is it correct?
Where are the ingredients?? Could you show us a ingredient and nutrition label?
What is the carb count on this?
what are the ingredients?
how much sodium in this sauce?
Is the moss artificial?
The person I'm buying this for has jerky and limited hand movments. Does the plant need to be taken out to be watered? Or spray bottle will work?
Can I hang this at the window set? I read somewhere this needs to be 2m far from direct sun light? Thanks
Do these get so big that they outgrow the glass thing or do they stay small and contained?
I'm guessing this comes with the acutal tear drop glass?
Once you've received the kit, how long can you wait before setting it up and watering the plant?
How long is the rope?
Can I get a replacement plant and moss?
is the base wide enough to rest on a flat surface?
Does the spraying bottle thing come with the packet or do I have to purchase it separately?
do you have a list of ingredients?
does this contain carageenan?
Is this made with non-GMO soy?
Can I get the nutrition information (Carbs, fat, sugars, calories, etc.)?
I don't want sugared/oiled. How do you use these re oiled/sweetened?Are they super dry crunchy and broken into small pieces? How does the price compare to the oiled/sugared? Can you add to dry granola? or eat a handful w/ nuts/pepitas?
Is this just pure cranberries? Not add sweetener? Not add Oil?
I have bought unsweetened dried cranberries before, but these are desiccated! Do you have any tips on how I can use them?
I did not realize how difficult it will be to find dried cranberries without sugar or sweeteners added? Help?
They do not contain sulphur, do they?
Can we see nutritional information?
Does anyone feel they need washing before eating? I tried putting some in a glass with water, and the water turned reddish but didn't seem dirty.
Are these pesticide free? Organic? Non-gmo?
What is the carb count? Dietary fiber ? I can't believe Amazon allows food sales without full Nutritional information.
fat grams per cup
Are these gluten free??
Someone said they got only one bag instead of two. So, how many did you get?
What is the expiration date of these M&amp;M's
Is there any soy in this product?
Does it need to be refrigerated after opening or can it sit n a cool dark cabinet? How long will it last after opening?
Does this product come in a plastic bottle or glass?
What's the best way to use this? Before during or after barbecuing and how? Thx
Is it gluten free?
Is there any soy or sugar in this product?
does it make foods spicy or "hot"
do u soak it in the 8oz diluted water for fillets or just apply and drsin off rest
Can someone tell me the sodium amount for 4 drops? Thanks.
is this powdwe, or paste? do I have to keep it refrigerated after opening?
Is this a 6 pack ?
what is country origin?
Clearly, your ad says that this offer is for a "PACK OF 6". Yet, you respond to another question by saying its only one jar. Is this ad so hard to fix that you'll continue to leave such grossly misleading information on it?
Clearly, your ad says that this offer is for a "PACK OF 6"
How much actual stock will one of those containers make?
About how many glasses will this make?
what is the expiration date? underneath the pricing it says 01.2014
What is the expiration date?
Is this tea sold from an Herbalife independent consultant? I just want to be sure it is actually Herbalife product
i will buy ten of them if the expiration date 2016 and more. could you provide me with this quantity and the required date?
the original tea shows that the exp. is 01/14 is that correct or misprint ?
What is the expiration date?
your description says experation date 1/2014... so your item is expired?
why i can't see the expiration date ..?
After I break the seal, do I have to refrigerate the olives (takes up a lot of fridge space)?
What type of plastic is the container (the resin code number)?
I am not a young person so my question may be obvious to some of you but I can't get into the container, help please.
How long do the olives keep in the fridge?
what is expiration date of these olives?
is this product 100 percent stevia
Is this the same product Purvia ingredients made with Dextrose, Reb A Stevia extract &amp; cellulose powder. Website doesn't publish ingredients
When is the expiration date?
No calories? Dextrose is the major component of this product. Dextrose is a sugar. Is this dextrose calorie free?
Why is the honey precessed? I understand that many of the important nutrients are removed or destroyed during the process.
Has this honey been pasteurized?
Is the honey processed?
The expiration date of this honey?
Where is this honey produced and packaged?
Does this product have corn syrup in it?
is this genuine 100% honey? does it conatain the original pollen nutrients?
Do you have the ingredients list?
I have a bottle of aloe gloe white grape and it has a blob of something floating around in the bottle, is this suppose to be there?
what is the the amount of vitamin c and e
will k cup pods work with this coffe maker?
Are these individule one cup pods
what is the cost per pound of coffee?
the packs of pods I buy are medium roast and have 18 pods in a pack is that wht you have?
Will these PODS work in my Bunn "My Cafe"? Will these PODS work in my Bunn "My Cafe"?
What machines are these compatible with
Will this work with Delonghi ESE compatible machine?
Do these pods fit the Suncanna H701A?
Do these work with the Russell Hobbs Uno:Uno coffee pod machine? What is the diameter of each pod?
Can I just use this like a tea bag?
Does it have to be refrigerated? I haven't opened it yet, can it sit on the shelve for a while? ( for how long? )
is there any other ingredents added to this juice.
is this raw beet juice, or pickled beet juice, as reported by a reviewer ?
I have not heard back from the Co. as to where the Beets are grown. Anyone know? I bought Juice w label Product of USA - found out beets from China
Where are the beets grown?
Is it marked what it is? I want to give it as a gift
How does this come? In a bag? A tin?
what is difference between mate tea and puerh tea?
What are ingredients? And calories etc
Do they need to be refrigerated? What happens if you do not refrigerate them after opening?
Is anyone else getting a nasty rancid plastic smell? My purchase (costco) is a bag dated December 10, 2013 as the expiration date.
what are the orange streaks
Why is this so expensive on Amazon? A store in my local area sells it for $3.99 for an 18oz bag.
Why is is so expensive??
Is it gluten free
how is this product processed?
What grocery stores carry dried young coconut?
Is that sugar added sugar, or sugars that naturally present in the cocnut
Why does the product on the Natur' One website say Hexane free processing on the order whears this one does not?Are they the same?
Has anyone tried both the regular dairy version and this one with dha? Noticed any smell or taste difference?
Why is the label print different from the one I order from the company, nature's one?
What is expiration date?
What's the date of expiration on this 6 pack of baby formula?
Is this for toddlers only? Do you have a formula suitable for a 10 month old baby?
Is the milk from grassfed cows?
The price is $12.74,its cheper than other stores.Is this a real formula or fake ???
where can I purchase Hipp baby formula in US? My baby hates every formula made in US and I am FRUSTRATED. PLEASE HELP
Approximately how many cans of this will I use per month with a newborn baby? (We are adopting, I've only ever breastfed) Thanks
Does it contain prebiotics?
Whats the shelf life if purchased today?
So is this same ingredients in a toddler formula, or is it the same as infant formula, but marketed as toddler? My son is a toddler, I want a toddler formula for him.
Hexane
How many teaspoons in one scoop (I misplaced mine)? Thanks in advance!!
Is this popcorn organically raised?
Has anyone tried microwaving in a paper bag? with or without oil?
Will this popcorn pop well in a whirleypop?
can this popcorn be used in a hot air corn popper
is this white or yellow popcorn? I don't see thiis information anywhere. Thanks!
can you pop in air popper
Can you pop this corn in a microwave?
My kids can't eat popcorn because the orthodontist says hulls get stuck in braces. The description says that the hulls disintegrate. Is that true?
What is the size of the pouches in the six-pack?
What is the best way to pop this popcorn? I want to buy some of this! How do YOU pop this.. I saw you on SHARK TANK. Love you...
Is this guaranteed to be made of real girl scouts?
I ordered these before for almost half this price. How many boxes do you get for $12.95 (which is what the price is showing now)?
How many boxes is this for?
how long does it take to ship
how many boxes are in my order
Legal to sell these? There is a legal agreement between United Way and the GSA that define legal dates of sale. You are not within that window.
what is the expiration date?
how old is the product? i.e.,when was the product packaged? Also, what would be S&amp;H on 4 boxes?
Just want to make sure, this is for the vegetarians right?
Got to love the summer heat in Nevada. After 2-3 days in the mail with no refrigeration and high summer temperatures are the casings still good?
I saw exactly the same one at the local supermarket for $7 something after I placed the order here. Why the price difference is so HUGE?
What size are these? 29-32mm or 32-35mm?
How long will these last in a refrigerator?
DO you sell them in larger bundles than a Hank?? I am processing a 600lb sow into brats....
Once you open the vacuum sealed bag how do you store the remaining casings? For how long?
Why is there is no date the casings were packaged or expiration date on the package? Where was it made and the company contact information?
size around?
are these made or sourced in any way from China?
Why does it say 2.49 and when you go to it says 4.50 + 2.99 shipping?
Are these actually sold by Trader Joe's company, or by a re-seller?
Can you clarify the quantity? The picture says that this is a three pack, but the description does not state that it is three 1.2 ounce packages.
Is the corn treated with lime?
Hard for me to visualize eight pounds....can someone advise about how many tortillas we are talking here? Thanks!
Are those non gmo?
I am living in Nigeria, want to take some with me...how long will they last without refrigeration?
Do these freeze well?
What is the "artificial flavor" that is listed in the ingredients? Having a generic label like that makes me nervous about what I am ingesting...
Can I use this with an electric popcorn maker...the countertop plug in kind with the plastic lid/bowl. Thanks
How much sodium does Flavacol Seasoning Popcorn Salt contain in 0.25 teaspoon of the product?
What is the expiration date on this product?
Can this product be used without a commercial popcorn maker?
Are these anything like slim hims in flavor and texture?
Are these gluten free?
Do the snack sticks need to be refrigerated?
How many grams of carbohydrates and sugar in each serving?
What is exactly is "spices" shown in the ingredients list among the other spices that are actually identified
Does it have a casing, and if it does, what is it (e.g. collagen)?
What is the fat content? Protein content? A close-up for the packaging would be great.
are thet out of the shell?
are tyet out of the shell
Can you put an image
Also would these be good in smoothies?
Can these flavoring oils be used directly with electronic vapor devices. If not how do i mix/create it for vapor use.
I don't know how much it is supposed to be diluted. How much of The glycerin do I put in with the eliquids?
How do you pick the flavors you want?
Where is the list of your flavors?
So some flavors you have listed contain 'oil' in their description.(spearmint oil, orange oil, ect.) Are these few flavor still water soluble?
i want 4 strawberry 4 banana 2 coconut and 2 caramel. it's ok?
I want to use these to flavor homemade lip gloss (made of beeswax and oils). Would this work? Are they water based or oil based?
Is this creamy or chunky? Thank You
Does this price actually include an extra jar of Sunflower Seed Butter as advertised?
Does this have to be refrigerated?
does it have sugar or salt
Is this an espresso or regular coffee?
Can these capsules be used with the Varismo Kafee machine to make lattes?
can this be used as a capsule for a cbtl machine?
is it in a glass or plastic bottle?
Could you clarify the size of the bottle, please? It is listed as 3.6 fl oz, but on the picture of the bottle it says 51 fl oz. Thanks!
why does the description title say 3.6 oz? that is a tiny bottle, but from other posts it looks like the bottle is bigger. change your title please.
when was this olive oil harvested
Where is this olive oil from?
You may missing some confused customers as this is listed at top as 3.6 fluid OUNCES.
How is the taste of this formula? I am hesitant to buy and let it go to waste again because of the smell and the taste. Thanks!
What is the expiration date if I order it tomorrow?
What is the expiration of this last case?
for 1+ years? i want to make sure that.
I want to buy 2 cases of neocate jr w/ prebiotics. What is the farthest expiration date? You said online that Free shipping upgrade! I wonder how?
i need 8 of these, can i get these for later expire dates 2015 and over
When is the expire date if I buy them now?
What's the expire date? I want to buy 12 cans now.
please specify expiration date
what is expiry date on these?
confused about this product.. why does 80 calories of this product have only 20% of the Vitamin C that 80 calories of blueberries has?
how much powder equals a cup of blueberries
certified organic ?
How many servings per pouch?
Has anyone tried using this as a natural alternative to blue food dye?
Is there a sipper lid for the bottle?
I would like to drink water/smoothie from these (not use filter). Does the top cap fit on without the filter cap?
The part that your mouth comes into contact with to sip from--is it glass or plastic?
Does this come with the box and everything it needs?
Does making the larger cup size weaken the coffee significantly?
What model number is this brewer? All the other ones have numbers like B70
what are the dimensions for this unit?
What are the 3 cup sizes offered in the Keurig K65 Signature Brewer Machine?
I do not like coffee, but other people in my family do...will my tea taste like coffee?
What model is this brewer?
Whats the difference between this "K65 Signature Brewer" and the "K65 Special Edition"?
does this come with a travel mug?
Does the, "My K Cup" work well and easily?
What is the temperature of the coffee virus the Keurig Kitchen elect maker
Can someone read their containers and see if these are 100% made in the U.S.?
Would these work for smoothies?
how long is the shelf life for these?
Does anyone know the shelf life of these? I am looking for some freeze dried fruit that would be suitable for long term storage.
Are these crisp or chewy?
How long is the shelf life? Would these be good for earthquake emergency food supplies?
Where is this product made?
I am giving the item as a Christmas gift - can I put the whole thing in the fridge or freezer, or do I need to open the package and remove items?
Does this need to be refrigerated?
how much cheese can I make with this kit?
Does this item comes shipped in packaging pictured?
how long does it take to make
Do you have a gourd that will hold around 10 fluid ounces?
What kind of bombilla comes with this gourd?
What is the haight of this bombilla? In inches? 2inches, 3 inches, 3.75 inches? Trying to get an idea of the size of this mate gourd. Thank you
What kind of bombilla comes with this gourd?
Some of the reviews say the product is not in the vintage box. Is that true? Also, what is the expiration date on the boxes that will be sent?
I would need to order a fairly large quantity of these...... would they all be the old time packaging as pictured? Thank you
Are these the 'retro' old time boxes or not?
What type of prizes are inside? Are they the old fashioned type prizes or the new piece of paper prizes?
Hi! This Automatic K-Cup Dispenser only for K-Cup? Or I can to use this for my Dolce Gusto Coffee Pod&#x44B;s? It's size 2inch
Could this be mounted under the cabinet?
what are the dimensions
Does this fit the new K 2.0 cups?
Can you put the keurig on top of the dispenser?
Will the solopad fit Vue pods?
How does this mount to the wall?
Is this spring loaded? I'm just wondering because i plan to keep it on it's side and i dont want to tilt it every time i need to get a pod out.
what are the ingredients? what type of protein is it
Does this contain soy?
Does this contain any iron?
Never bought this before and wondering about how long is the shelf life on core power? 6 months? 1 year? Want to stock up while i have coupons.
Does the milk come from cows not treated with the growth Hormone rbST?
Why does this drink have so much sugar in it??
how many grams of carbohydrate and sugar? thanks
Is it gluten free?
How many Calories are in the ones with 26 protein?
Am I reading the count correctly? 12 of these for $40 dollars?
Can I pour onto ice, then add a can of soda water, just to get a taste of cola, or do I need a Soda Stream type device? Nutritional Info?
I can't find an ingredients list - is there any other sweetener besides sugar? I don't like the taste of sucralose. Thanks!
How long is it good for after opening? Where do you store it?
What are the ingredients? I'm trying to avoid petrochemicals, and am thus avoiding artificial color
How much caffeine is in this? per ounce?
How many servings per bottle of syrup?
Is it gluten free?
Does this have caffeine? Hope thats not a dumb question...
Let's try this again.. What is the ratio required of Syrup vs Water to produce a beverage? How much syrup to a 2 Liter bottle of water?
What ratio do you use for this syrup? I loved the SodaStream natural Cola syrup until they switched the recipe to include sucralose. Thanks!
Were these packed individually? Was wanting some for a pinata but don't want the candy to hit the ground if it isn't packaged.
Did your pkg have any ingredient info? Mine had safety warning for plastic bag, best by date, a bar code and label for a website that doesn't exist?
is there a kosher certification on them
Do the dots re stick after you peel them off the paper? I want to stick them to marshmellows
Do you know if they are peanut and nut free?
specifically, how many strips are in this 1 pound bag?
how many sheets are in a pound?
How many cubes in a box, approximately?
Is this 1 package or 2?
The front of the box states 1lb. but next to that it says 10.5 oz. Isn't one pound was equal to 16 ounces? What is the correct weight?
How many boxes are included? It says 2 packages, but net weight is 750g.
1lb = 453.592grams and not 750grams. Which weight is correct?
Is the sugar cooked to make these since caramelized sugar is an ingredient?
are these compatible with nespresso and Cuisinart machines?
when is the expiration date?
Will it work in the Starbucks Verismo machine?
Can this be used for coating baking pans? instead of Bakers Joy?
Is this product 100% soy free? Soy can be sneaky in pan sprays.
Does this product contain soy...looking for a soy -free cooking spray and coming up empty....??
Does it hold up as a spray can. I've had others that clog &amp; won't spray
Is this Vegan? It says vegetarian but am just wondering because Vegetarian at one point used to mean no dairy/eggs/meat...?
Would this be good on popcorn? I use an air popper, and am looking for an easier way to get coconut oil on my popcorn (healthier than butter).
Is this for regular cup or travel mug? There is one picture of each
Are all of the packs for medium roast coffee only?
what is the deferance between k cup vue cup
VUE: CAN YOU USE THE REFILLABLE K CUP WITH THE VUE
"Propylene glycol" is the first ingredient, isn't that a chemical used to make Anti Freeze and plastics?
is there any dye of any type
The official Olivenation website and this product's info say this is free of PG, but the description says it has PG. Which is it?
what are the ingredients please?..Thanks.
Will these hold the Wide Awake k-cups? They come in little pouches kind of like a filter rather than "cups" anyone know?
I plan to use these in my horse trailer living quarters. Will they hold the cups firmly enough to keep them from falling out when we go over bumps?
Will this holder work with the new Keurig? I believe the cups are a different size? Thanks!
Will these hold the San Francisco Bay K-Cups sold on Amazon? They are not the same depth as a regular K-Cup, but do have the same diameter. http://www.amazon.com/San-Francisco-B...
Will these fit Vue cups?
has anyone tried to take these off the cabinets? Are they easy to remove?
how many in package?
how much sugar?
Does it have any preservatives ?
How many calories?
can I get mostly pink flowers
Do you take requests for colors &amp; styles &amp; then build bouquets around that or randomly select bouquets with no input from the buyer? want for wedding
How do the flowers arrive? In a package ? Or are they hand delivered
how do I see the actual size of the flower bouquet or information on how big it is
Do these mushrooms have any added sulfites or other preservatives?
Did any of you get a package of mostly small - 2cm-3cm mushrooms?
Does the package indicate where it is imported from? (China, Hong Kong, Taiwan...etc)
The bag says shiitake but product description says porcini. which is it?
Are these grown in China?
please answer this question, as i would like to order! ARE THESE MUSHROOMS IMPORTED FROM ASIA? there are mixed answers...company says new york! help
Is this the Lentinula edodes species of the shitake?
Where are these mushrooms grown?
Are these grown and harvested in US?
Have to know which country the mushrooms come from. It is EXTREMELY important! Anybody has clue?
How long can I keep in storage before they expire?
Are these the type of mushrooms used in Hot and Sour soup ?
would be nice if they included directions on how to rehydrate these
Are these cloud ear or wood ear? there is a big difference. i am looking for cloud ear which has a jelly texture,
Do these mushrooms have preservatives?
I have tried them a couple of times, and so far find them tasteless. Any suggestions on how to use?
What is the country of origin of this product?
what size are the capsules
The title says tumeric and the bottle says turmeric. Is it just a typo or are there two different products?
Where is it made
Is it water soluble (necessary for absorbtion)?
Is Olive Garden Signature Italian Salad Dressing gluten free?
Does the dressing contain high fructose corn syrup?
what is the expiration date?
How can I order the 8 herb formula?
Is this Canadian Essiac Tea?
can someone please send me the proportion of water and herbs. I have misplaced my instructions. thank you
does the sheep sorrel also contain, at least 10% of the root, as the root is essential for it to work
what does it taste like when brewed?
The Essiac Tea, is said, Natural and Raw, but this does not help in finding whether the herbs are organic, please. Are they? If they are, you would state that, am I right?
I would like the 8-herb formula. How can I order the Essiac tea this way? Also, are your ingredients organic? Thanks!
Are the ingredients organic? Is this Sheep's sorrel leaves or roots?
Does the essiac tea contain SHEEP SORREL ROOT,and what %. If it doesn't it is not essiac tea
Does this use Sorrel Leaves only or leaves and roots?
How long can I use?
What type of coffee goes best with the filter and what type of grind does it require?
does it work with a C50 Nespresso model?
does it work for Nespresso Inissia?
Are there any refillable pods for a 2014 Nespresso Vertuoline long coffee?
What is the sizes of each capsule? Height, Width?
are they dishwasher safe?
Will these capsules fit the Nespresso Delonghi machine?
is nespresso comptible with cbtl
Will these work for the Starbucks verismo machine?
Is it gluten free?
I would love to be able to make pasta with this wheat - for my son who is gluten intolerant - has anyone tried to make pasta. Thanks!
how long can the flour be stored? where and how is the best place to store it?
Is it kosher?
Hello! Do I use the same amount of this product as regular flour in recipes? 1 cup = 1 cup or is it a different ratio? Thanks!
What and which pesticides are used?
Do you use Roundup (glyphosate)? Have you tested the flour for glyphosate?
How long has it been ground ? What is the exp date?
Can you tell me where I can find a basic bread recipe. Thank you!
What is the shelf life?
why do they advertise 48 count, but there's really only 36 (3 boxes, 12 in each box)
Can you please change your product description so it says two boxes of strawberry - if that's true? I had to read reviews to get actual product info.
What is the expiration date?
In usual style Amazon neglects to say what the quantity/weight is for the $27.98. How much you receive for this extreme price? One bag local is 5.65
How many pounds?
How many pounds are in the bag?
What is the weight of the product for sale? Is it two lemons? I assume it's at least two because there's a plural in the title.
what are the ingredients in Cookie Butter? how much sugar?
what is cookie butter
What does speculoos cookie butter taste like ?
What is the calorie and sugar value on this?
the item pictured has expired, is the product expiration date as pictured?
is this vegan
COULD someone list the ingredients, please? Thank you!!
what is cookie butter used for
How many ounces are these jars?
Does this product contain peanuts, peanut oil, or tree nuts? Does the label include any warnings about peanuts or tree nuts?
How many calories, how much fat, how much protein and carbs?
How much sugar?
What is the current expiration date?
Does the product use Palm Oil?
What is the expiration date? Is it good for like a year or only a month or 2?
How many calories per serving
Does it contain any nutrients?
Does this have the same health benefits as coconut oil?
Does this taste like coconut in any way? Thanks!
Is this coconut sugar &amp; nothing else?
Does this dissolve easily if mixed with liquids ie; water, lemonade etc?
Does this taste like sugar or is there some weird after taste?
Is this a vegan product?
How can 16 oz cost 5.49 and 3 x 16 oz cost $45.99? Is this an error
Ordered coffee 2 weeks ago and never received them?????now the price got higher???
Will this item be Prime eligible again?
I bought these a few months ago and the coffee was good but I had a problem with the seal around the top of the pod. The coffee floated out into my coffee maker because the seal was not fastened all the way around. Want to know if you have corrected...
What roast is the rainforest blend? Light, mild, medium, or strong? Thanks
Decaf?
Is the bio-degradable material made from corn or corn derivatives?
Good question, cariann! I would also like to know if the bio-degradable material is made from corn or a corn derivative OR ALSO COTTON.
Is this a breakfast blend, mild roast, medium roast or strong roast? We like the regular breakfast blend from San Fransisco Bay.
Is this organic? The description says organic rainforest blend but it does not say organic anywhere on the packaging.
How does this compare to Holiday Blend? Strength, taste...
Has anyone else noticed a 30% price increase on this product in the last month or are there other ways around this?
Almost a $10 increase in price. Are you serious?
Will these single serve cups work in a Nescafe Dolce Gusto single service machine?
Which is stronger, the SF Fogchaser or the French Roast?
What is the mesh filter made of?
Why is this coffee no longer sold directly by Amazon. I loved the coffee but will not pay those outrageous shipping costs when I have already paid fo"
In Jan., 2014, I paid $28.26 for the 80 count French roast..now it is $37.50?/Why so much more?
Is this an 80 count box or 3 12-count boxes? Both are in the description
Between the Fog Chaser, Breakfast Blend, and French Roast, which coffee has a more earthy flavor? I'm not fond of a bitter or acidic taste really.
Is this the organic french roast? That's what I bought last time (totally fabulous and can't wait to reorder)!
The price just went up from last week, and this is no longer under Prime. What happened?
What is the darkest &amp; strongest coffee made by Sanfrancisco Bay Coffee Company
I ordered an 80-count box of the Breakfast Blend on January 24 for $29.75. Now it's selling for $49. What gives?
Do these cups work with a Keurig 2.0 machine?
Does anyone else have a problem with the mesh breaking under the pressure of the Keurig. Mine are breaking about 8 out of 10 times. Can't use them.
I just bought this pack of coffee and I would like to know whether this coffee brewer is okay? Just to make sure.. Keurig Mini Brewer B31 OTR-KRGB31
I am not familiar with many of these types of coffee designs. Will these work well in a Hamilton Beach single serve coffee maker?
Is this coffee from Arabica beans or Robusta beans?
If I buy 2 --80 count $30 each $60 but 180 count is $100. ?
The last box I received had one open package and one package that was smashed, is this common? I love the coffee and will reorder but was dissapointed by this :(
Dr. Oz recommends pure monk fruit sweetener. Is this nectreese in pure form?
What is the active ingredient?
how many carbs in nectresse?
1/4 cup of trivia equal how much sugar?
does it contain maltodextrin
HOW MUCH NECTRESSE DO I USE FOR 1 CUP GRAN. SUGAR
Where is this matcha green tea grown?
made in usa?
How much of this tea do you use per cup of hot water?
Is there any added sugar in this Matcha?
What flavors are these?
About how many to the pound?
Approximately how big is each star?
I cant keep the sheets from falling apart when I try to put rice, etc and roll. Help!
Are these the perforated sheets for putting on mochi or are they one big sheet for making sushi?
what are the size of the sheets?
does the seaweed have an expiration date?
what are the ingredients? any oil, which? salt?
Are these appropriate for seaweed soup.... not just sushi?
Is this really 0 calories? also it says its 2 sheets per serving and there's 50 serving per pack yet there's only 50 sheets per pack.
Have you found this to be restaurant grade? I am having a hard time with my seaweed being too chewy. How have you found this?
Is there soy or sesame in the ingredient list? ty
Product of which country? China, Korea or Japan?
I love to make peanut butter cookies. 1 cup of sugar 1 cup of peanut butter and 1 egg. Bake 10 min. Is this cookie butter the same texture as peanut b
what's in it?
I am now an addict. I want to buy the 3 jars. How long will they be good before using?
ingredients, in order, and nutritional information
I noticed that someone got free shipping. How?
How many ounces are the jars? Are they each 14.1 oz.?
Are these lollipops individually packaged?
What is the approximate size of the candy part? We are trying to find lollipops that are similar in size to our digital sensors.
About how many suckers would be in a 2.5lbs box?
is it just virgin or extra virgin oil?
List Things it can be used for ?
What is the country of origin for Trader Joe's palm oil?
Does this coconut oil come in a GLASS JAR?
Is Trader Joes coconut oil cold pressed?
Is it produced in a peanut and tree nut free facility
Is it non hydrogenated?
Can this be used as a carrier oil?
how do you cook with this oil?
is trader joes organic virgin coconut oil raw?
Are these seeds already germinated? I have read that cherry tree seeds must be wintered in the fridge for a few weeks before planting them.
sakura seeds
Is this for a mini tree you can keep in doors?
Am I supposed to put the ceramic container into just any regular plastic bag?
Is this curry powder real hot?
is this hot or mild? looking for hot
is there salt in this?
What's the nutrition information on Lalah's Madras Curry Powder-1lb? Is there a nutrition label at the back?
what is the difference between madras curry and regular
what is the date please?
the last lalah's I bought had manufacture date and use by date
what is expiration date on package?
Since it is plastic, do both the drawers slide out easily ???
what is the dimensions of this vertical k-cup storage unit?
what is the height of the unit?
Does this drawer hold the larger 2.0 K-carafe Packs as well?
Does this drawer hold the 2.0 4 cup k cups as well?
Does each cup sit in the drawer individually,or do they sit on top of each other? Can you pull from the bottom and it stay in the same order?
How do you change the side the drawers open on? Ours is set to the right &amp; we need it to the left..
Could anyone please tell me the length and width of the base so I know how much counter room it will take? I have a tiny space, but the drawer type won't work for me. Thanks!
Could I set a Keurig coffee maker on this drawer if it was horizontal?
Are all the bars the same size? Compared to the other boxes- meaning do the bars come in different sizes themselves??
are all kind bars gluten free
Are KIND bars non-GMO certified?
What is the sugar content from low to high.I realize it is difficult to answer for each bar?
Is it a glass or plastic bottle
Is Zing Zang Bloody Mary Mix gluetin free
How many bottles are in the order? Because the shipping weight says 20 lbs and I know 1 bottle doesn't weigh that much...
How many bottles is this for?
What is the right steeping temperature? 220?
How to make this tea?
Does this work as an iced tea as well?
I want to know if the tea has expiration date stamped on the package
is this tea fair-trade certified?
Where is this product made?
The tea after steeping is a brownish color. Shouldn't it be green?
What is this sweetened with?
Is the Half Iced Tea/Half Lemonada powdered mix 5 calories like the stix?
Is Half and Half Arnold Palmer makes 24 quarts mix gluten free?
How many calories per serving?
How do you break the shell off?
What's the scientific name of the nuts?
How do you store them?
how many kolanuts in the .5 bag?
How many pieces do they open up into? 2, 3, 4, or ?
How long does the coke last?
Is there a name or logo on the cap?
Does each 6 pack come with a cardboard carton with a handle like the stores with the Coca Cola Logo?
How tall are these bottles?
Is the coke and diet coke fresh, What is the expiration date
are these twist or pop off
Are these the original coca cola bottles.. not the mexican coke?
Will these fit vintage Vendo 801 coke machines?
will this fit on the 64 ounce bottle of syrup?
does this fit a torani 64 oz bottle?
Has anyone been able to disassemble them for cleaning? I used to be able to take apart the old ones, but I can't on the new one that I bought.
What are the cart's dimensions?
How durable are the wheels? We walk quite a ways to the grocery store, and our last cart's wheels wore out within months.
How big are the wheels? I will have to use it also for stairs.
What is the cargo weight limit (or ability to carry in it).
Does this Versa shopping cart come with a cover?
How heavy is the cart?
What height can use this I'm five six.
What is the weight of the cart?
I want to confirm there is no assembly required BEFORE I buy one of these. ??
Can this be open and closed with one hand?
Why did Amazon stop selling this directly and make it ineligible for Prime?
How did the price jump from under $30 dollars with free shipping (if total order is over $35.00) to almost $50 with shipping virtually overnight?
some reviews say the 36ct comes in 3 vacuum sealed 12 packs. does the 80ct come packaged the same way?
I want to use this in the office Keurig-will this work without getting the machine messy and getting flavor into other people's coffee/tea?
Compatible with k75 platinum?
Bought a new 2.0 and was told old cups will no longer work in new machines, they cut off companies not paying keurig, are these check marked?
when will you have fog chaser for keurig 2.0?
Do you just clean out the coffee from the pod and recycle it each time?
Why the sudden price increase? This product was $27+ when I ordered it as late as 30 days ago. Suddenly it's nearly $40?
Why is the 80 cup $29.75 and the 108 cup is $99.95?
I need 4 dozen..for individual gifts for senior ladies for Valentine's day...are they all individual roses?
gluten free?
How many roses did the purchase come with?
What month is best to purchase for sweeter taste?
How long can it be kept once it is opened?
Is the Alaskan salmon wild or farm red ?
I am planning on buy two cans , one of RED PEARL and the other of Podarochnaya Salmon. Do you offer a discount on combined shipping two ($14 each)
Title says 12 K cups, description says 8, which is it?
Is this instant coffee?
What is the caffeine contect of this drink compared with that of regular cocoa or coffee?
Can this be used in a Capresso 4 cup expresso and cappucino machine?
Can this be used to make a latte- either hot or iced?
Does anyone know how mnay calories or WW points are in one? I don't see any nutritional information !
Does this have sugar in it? How do I know they are fresh?
What is the sugar content for these K cups?
Can I get a list of the ingredients in this product please?
Can you tell me the fat content of one k-cup of your pumpkin spice cappuccino?
Does it shut off when done?
How big are the holes in the steamer tray? Do small vegetables - like peas - fall through? I have an Aroma cooker and can't steam small vegetables
It says 12 cup capacity, but will it work with a smaller amount of uncooked rice, such as 1 8oz. cup? Some of the other cookers use a 6 oz cup,is that the same for this Lotus?
Does this cook brown rice well?
What is the diameter and depth of the steaming tray?
What is the strength of the current in the rice cooker is ?
Will the steamer basket accommodate two artichokes?
Can you put the rice cooker's stainless steel pot in the dishwasher? Is washing by hand required?
what grade of steel is it?
Does this rice cooker have a safety plunger that pops up when the bowl is removed?
Is this compatible with Keurig B130? Others are not.
does this work with Keurig B130 desk pro
will this work with the Mr. Coffee Keurig KG5R - the popular ones will not work
I have bought 2 different filter types and neither one works with my Kureg B130. Even though the last one said it worked with all B's types.My question does this one work for sure with the B130??? Thank You, Caroline
I have found that most reusable filters are not compatible for the Keurig B130, so I would like to know if this one would work for my B130? Thank you!
Will this work with the Mr. Coffee BVMC-KG5. I was not sure if the question above was a different model of the Mr. Coffee single brew.
Does this work with Keurig B31 mini?
I have the Keurig Vue 500 does it fit in that?
fit a v1200 Keurig Vue?
is this compatible with CBTL Kaldi coffee machine??
Do the Keurig ground coffee adaptors work in the Cafejo?
is it safe to boil some water, then add it, instead of microwaving in the provided cup/plunger?
Does ez-cup work with my french press?
Are there any parts made of glass? Looking for use on the boat, don't want the hassle of glass or extremely brittle plastic. Thanks!
How does it compare to the Aero Press, also sold on Amazon?
What is the difference between the "blue box" and the "white box"? is there a difference in the blend or is it strictly a change in packaging?
I am just double checking that this is two boxes of 240 count tea each box for a total of 480 tea bags in this order for $21.64?
The description say "Most popular brand of decaf tea in the UK". Is this decaf?
I want to buy the tea that is NOT the blue box version. I purchased one that is not and was sent the one with the blue box. Which is this?
Why does it say free shipping on this page but when I go to order it I am being charged 7.95 for shipping?
What is the expiry date on your recent purchase?
Why doesn't this big bag of PG Tips taste like PG Tips?
Can you mix the shake at night and drink in the morning?
Does this have whey protein?
does this product have L-arginine in it
Is this bottle equivelant to a one month supply? Assuming you were to drink two shakes a day?
How many shakes do you get out of one jug?
The bottle says to add 2 scoops but I think it makes it way too strong and it doesn't seem to mix well. Should I use only 1 scoop with water or milk?
Is this shake Gluten Free
What is the expiration date on the product?
What is the carb count in this?
Are there any stimulants in this product -- even if "all natural"? Any type of stimulant (even caffeine, etc.) results in an irregular heartbeat.
Are these decorations gluten free?
Is there ingredient information on the label - specifically in regards to containing or cross contamination with peanuts and/or tree nuts?
Can I get them in different colors and with only the number 1 on them?
is it vegetarian?
How many chocolates come I the box
when does it expire?
How is this item packaged? poorly? good? i'm sending this to another address
Is there any way to clean inside the lid when it accumulates build-up inside?
Is the mouth of the carafe large enough to get my hand in for cleaning? And is there a lid for the carafe?
does this include the lid and is it glass-lined?
I understand that Melitta's newest carafes are not glass lined, but are stainless lined. Is this one glass lined?
Does anyone else have problems with the coffee not pouring correctly, ending up with coffee spilled on the counter and down the side of the carafe?
Is the carafe safe on the top-shelf of a dishwasher?
Is the plastic pour spout BPA free like the filter holder claims to be?
Can you use a reusable coffee filter, ie. Gold Tone #4 cone, with this instead of paper liner?
How long does the coffee stay hot and how long will the coffee still taste good?
can you use this on an electric stove and leave it on simmerafter the coffee is made
Do these need fertilizer?
Are these the same types of plants used on the set of Comedy Bang Bang?
Why don't you ship to Alaska?
Do i have to plant each of them separetely?
Will these survive/thrive in a closed terrarium?
Can I use these for a glass terrarium and just put some moss in with it? How do I care for them with no soil?
I want to put your air ferns in a 4 inch round tin for a party favor. It attaches to the fridge. Would your ferns fit in that size tin?
I got a note this is now only 2 plants not 5. Is this true
Which air plants are included? Also I have my plants for about 2 years now and only 1 of the 5 has bloomed. Does this sound right? Ideas?
Do I add more packets/bag per 20 oz water for longer strenuous day hikes?
Is there any sugar-substitute in these?
Do these contain colorants? I'm specifically looking to avoid reds, pinks, oranges, purples.
can I get a different flavor each month?
It would be nice to know how much potassium and sodium that each unit has in it. Could you please list?
Are these gluten free?
What are the exact ingredients?
do have use a dedicated printer
Are these "Spongeless"?
What printers are compatible with the edible inks?
Can it use with MG5520?
can you use this for cannon pixma mg5520
will it work on my hp printer?
Are these refillable or disposable?
Are these inks compatible with Canon pixma MG5422?
Are these compatible with MG6320?
is there any expiration date on these cartridges
What is the nutritional values...how much sugar is in each serving????????
Do the cranberries have added sugar?
Are any of the products from China?
The jar says 8.11oz but you said that it is 11.8 ounces...?
Where is this product made?
What are the ingredients?
Is this sticky rice ? Is this good for sushi ?
is this long grain rice?
i have been trying to find a rice simillar to rice i eat in the Philipines, is this a good rice that is the same or close to it?
Does this rice have to be washed first to get rid of talc?
is it brown rice or white rice?
How should this rice be stored for long term storage?
is this nonGMO?
Does this product contain any dairy products and can it be used as a powder in bread recipes
what are the ingredients? Can this powder be added straight to hot coffee?
How much coconut milk does a scoop of this product make? How many servings in a package?
What is the country of origin?
What is the carb content por serving? i cant see well the nutritional info label in the picture
What is the fat/carb and calories per serving? sellers need to have nutritional info available to consumers.
What are the ingredients? impossible to see on the picture. THANKS!??
Does this have to be refrigerated after opening the package?
Is this product gluten free?
Hi, what is the expiration day on the latte box?
Can I get 30 boxes of latte and 15 boxes green tea, 10 black coffee and 5 hot chocolate. If i can mix them, Thanks.
Can I get 30 boxes of latte and 15 boxes green tea, 10 black coffee and 5 hot chocolate. If i can mix them, Thanks.
Anyone compare Reed's Orignial with Gin Gin's? Just curious. Thank you.
how many pieces are in a lb bag?
What is the percentage of ginger in these?
Just wondered what the calorie content is for one of the ginger candies?
Are these Gluten Free?
Do these taste 'spicy' and burn the mouth a little like other ginger candies I've had?
Is this a dry culture?
Are there instructions on how to make the Kefir. I'm a novice?
Is this gluten free?
can you make kefir soda with this?
I love this Kefir starter, but in the past I have purchased it from a store's refrigerator case. Do the packets of starter not need refrigeration?
can I use coconut milk or does it have to be coconut water.
Can this culture die during delivery in hot weather? I live in Louisiana and it's hot here!
Can I use this on coconut for kefir?
What is the nutritional information on this product?
Is it 100% pure?
there is no information on the label about FOA's. is there a place where this is listed?
Is almond meal the same thing as almond flour?
Are the almonds blanched? I have a recipe that says it will make a difference in how the product turns out???
Is this Gluten Free?
Are raw almonds used for this?
Can you substitute almond meal cup for cup for regular all purpose flour ? Is there a specific ratio ? Thanks.
Why would you sell this for $14.95 when Trader Joe's sells it for $3.99?
All three bottles are the same original hot sauce?
is that (3) Bottles , 17OZ each??
What does your supplier of distilled vinegar say about it being gluten-free, what kind of vinegar is it?
How hot is this sauce, say on a scale of 1 to 10?
Does it need to be refrigerated?
Please compare the hotness and flavor of this to Huy Fong Chili Garlic Sauce
Are these bottles plastic?
I specifically need to know the ounce amount. I'm unable to enlarge photo of container enough on outside to see total wt....can someone let me know?
how many pouches does it have
Are the flavors mixed fruit or individual fruits such as strawberry, blueberry...?
Are sour flavors included?
How many ounces is each bag / how many ounces total? About how many pieces are in each bag?
Is this one quart before or after freeze-drying?
Are the raspberries grown in the U.S.?
What is the product weight? (Without the packaging?)
What is the weight of the berries?
do they contain sulfids
What is the expiration date on these items? Will they last a year or longer?
How much do just the freeze dried berries weigh per quart??
whats the difference between dried raspberries and freeze dried raspberries
How long will these last unopened?
A full quart equals how many ounces of freeze dried berries??
Can someone tell me the equivalency of 1 qt. freeze dried, compared to how much fresh and/or how much dehydrated?
Are there nutrition facts for this product? Is there added sugar?
net weight of strawberries?
Is there any calories in this coffee?
Will this work in a pod brewer or is it k-cup brewer only?
does this item fit into kuirig pot
is this gluten free
Has anyone tried these in the Dolce Gusto machine?
Where is it made from?
Is Soursop juice as good for you as the actual fruit
does this product have sucralose?
Is this ok to refrigerate . Or do you keep room temp ?
I have read all over the internet that this is NOT safe. It can cause brain and nerve damage and issues similar to parkinsons disease. Is this true
what is the expiration date for this juice?
how much sugar per box ? thanks
when does batch expire?
Can someone tell why when I tried to order this and the capsules they tried to charge me over $25.00 for shipping? Where are they shipping it from?
where can you buy the fruit
Are these organically grown? I see Non-GMO on the back of the bag, but I don't see the words "Organically Grown" anywhere in the pictures.
How many carbohydrates are in 3 tablespoons of hemp hearts?
Do these actually contain THC(the active ingredient in marijuana that gets you high)?
If the shipping weight is 7.2 ozs, then how can the product be 1 lb? Am I misunderstanding something?
Does the package state that the hemp hearts are gluten-free?
How long do they stay fresh? Will freezing them improve nutrient life?
Can you put them in smoothies?
Any idea how many cups of hemp seeds you get from 1 pound?
What is the best way for storing the hemp seed for future use. Freezer or frig. ?
can they be used in baking
Can the starter be used to make sauerkraut?
is there any dairy, gluten or soy in this? How about aqn ingredients list?
How many quart jars of vegetables could be fermented with one packet of culture?
What strains of bacteria are present in this product?
Is this popcorn oil colored yellow or is it the white kind?
is this vegan?
What makes it yellow? Does it have food coloring?
what kind of oil is it?
Pack? or 3 Boxes, Which is it ?
Is this for 3 boxes of 30 sachets for a total of 90 individual sachets?? Please clarify for ordering...thanks in advance.
Are 90 sachets the total in this 3 pack..??
can you eat it like egg?
Does it have the sulfurous flavor of real eggs?
What are good thickening agents to use? How much? For the amount of Vegg mixed?
What are the ingredients
Could someone please post the French Toast recipe that's on the Vegg foil packet (small size)? It's not on the canister size. Thanks!
Is this the 4.5oz container?
can it be used for egg omelet.
Thickeners--does that mean it won't thicken on its own? If it won't, has anyone tried it with something like Ultra-Tex or ClearJel? Results?
do i need to refrigerate this product? thanks!
What is the composition of the natural vanilla flavour? Tired of these health alternatives that are not healthy. This is not vanilla...what is it.
The ingredients lists includes "natural vanilla flavor". Anyone know what it is made from?
I dont understand how the package says certified gluten free, but the safety warning above says contains wheat
I can't stand the taste of Buckwheat. How prevalent is it in this cereal??
is this gluten free?
How many boxes of tea for $18 ?
How many boxes are included in the $18 price?
How many boxes of tea bags are included in this price?
how do you have to store red palm oil
Is this organic
What is the shelf life for a gallon?
Is this grade the same quality that is used as a supplement or this grade recommended for cooking?
What is shelf life once opened?
how big of this far? I did not see oz??
how big of this far? I did not see oz??
can I see the nutrition lable
how many calories per serving?
How many calories in a cookie?
what are health benefits?
Is it true that it tastes a bit like chocolate?
it say certified organic but I see no certification on the box is is certified organic?
Does the tea contain the roots of the tree?
Are the tea bags INDIVIDUALLY WRAPPPED in Cellophane OR are the tea bags Unprotected? Wrapped in Cellophane keeps them fresher for long term use.
Is this tea decaffinated???
The pack I received now has a different label from the picture here. USDA Org Seal is not printed, but instead a sticker is attached. Is it the same prod? And, if so, why different label?
Zija tea claims consumers receive approx. 32 grams of moringa per each steeped tea bag. How does that compare to this brand?
Does this come in tea bags or bulk powder? It's hard to tell with the instructions talking about taking by the teaspoon.
is this safe to drink while pregnant??
Hi, I'm from Spain and I'm very interested in buying this products. Is it possible that you could effect an international sending? Please!!!
Does the chocolate frog case have a wizard card in it?
Can i buy this from Italy??
Does the chocolate frog look good? :)
Have a few chocolate contains?
How many chocolate frogs and Bertie Botts Have Candy
Will it stay fresh till January 2015?
wich cards are there?
how many chocolate frogs are there like you know 2 chocolate frogs and bertie botts
No International Shipping?
What is the shelf life of any of these noodles?
how do you store them
Are these noodles "Paleo Diet friendly?" I'm strict on my Paleo diet but would love some noodles now and again. Thank you.
Can these noodles be used in a crock pot recipe?
If they are made with fiber and water, why does the nutritional label say 0 fiber?
How many servings per package?
Has anyone tried these to take backpacking/camping? I'm looking to paleo alternatives to freeze-dried meals.
Where does the 200mg of sodium come from?
two of my packages were leaking when I opened the box..are they still okay without liquid?
What are the exact ingredients? They seem too good to be true...
how is this shake for meal-replacement/weight loss?
Does this only have chocolate, french vanilla, and coffee flavors?
how many gram of protein does each container have
Do the flavors besides the cappuccino have caffeine in them?
I am a dietitian who works in dialysis center. I have a patient started to use your products. I would like to know % of potassium and phosphorus per serving size. Thank you
Is has a lot of sodium, is it salty?
Is the soy or other ingredients nonGMO?
How many cals per Shake?
How much caffeine does the cappuccino shake have?
Does this work well to make a regular cup of coffee?
do i need the pour over kettle for this or do you just pour hot water without paying attention to speed?
hi, my coffee is finely ground but in 4 min only about 1/2 of the liquid had drained through, the other half was taking forever to drip, any ideas? what is the additional filter/tamper for? thanks
is the item solid?
Only took a minute for water to pass and coffee seems thin despite using extra. Try finer grind?
I just bought a screw-insert type. What's the difference between screw-insert and gravity-insert?
What is the minimum diameter of the mug opening required to fit this? I see a measurement on the 15 ounce model but not on this 11 ounce one.
Is the insert supposed to fit snugly inside? Mine seems to be kind of small (there is space around it when I put it in the phin) and rattles around.
Which is it flour or meal? Because there IS a difference
almonds 'blanched' by steam method or chemical method?
Is it certified Gf or is is made in a facility that processes wheat?
The almonds to make this flour are they pasterize
Is this brand of blanched almond meal/flour processed in a wheat free facility?
Is this made with organic almonds?
How many single servings does 1 100g/3.5oz bag contain? Thanks...
what size package is this?
I drink this leaves with hot water but do i need to eat the leaves or just mix it with the water ?
Are the leaves dry or moist ?
can you put this leaves in tea infuser and drink with hot water ?
What are the methods of consumption (just eating the leaves plain, mixing into smoothie, brewing, etc)?
Do you wash the green tea leaves under cold water before use?
can brew this if you wanted?
I can't tolerate a lot of caffeine...how much caffeine would there be in a serving?
is this sencha?
can I use this product in hot water like a brewed tea
how many servings does this container have?
Hi, Wanted to know if this is from China or Japan. Which is a better product and do you supply recipes for ideas and also uses for skin care?
Is this from Japan or China?
how many servings come in a bag?
How much caffeine does this one serving of 1/2 teaspoon have? Is it 100x times the normal green tea caffeine amount?
You say the farm has the purest leaves for the matcha purist : ) Where is the farm?
So, is this really from Matcha Leaves? It just says green tea "Sometimes called Matcha". So what is it...anybody?
how old are these? costco doesn't make them anymore so are these from last year? i dont' want to buy expired merchandise;)
What are the ingredients?
There seem to be a choice of sellers. Do any offer fresh ones? Our Costco had them a few weeks ago so why are people saying they don't make them any more?
How long will it take to recieve my package?
Does this product contain the probiotics?
What is a Brikpak? We have bought it in the plastic bottles but the term brikpik is unfamiliar to me.
what is the expiration date?
Is this product lactose free?
How many calories and protein does contain one brickpack of Nestle Boost Plus Very Vanilla?
How many grams of sugar and protein does each brikpak contain
why the picture before ordering is different than after the order . Do not understand
How many calories in each brikpak?
what is brikpaks?
Are these re-fillable?
Does it say "Gumball Machine bank" on it or is that just on the wrapper?
Where are the gum balls made?
Are these gumballs kosher?
I plan on personalizing these - do you think they will become a disaster with the wrap off?
How big are they?
does it turn for the gumball to come out or do you have to take the top off?
how tall are these? what are the measurements? thanks.
does the machine accept coins
what size is the gumball machine?
Can you specify the amount of salt per serving or per box?
Please describe 'frustration free packaging'.
can you stop with this misleading as advertisement? what do you mean by pack of 6? 6 boxes? or 3 boxes with 2 pouches which equals the 6 packs?
What is the 'Freshness' date on these boxes of cheerios? How much time do we have to eat them?
Is this 4 boxes or 1 box with 4 sacks of cereal?
is it fresh
is the box the same size as the ones in stores
Is this for a case or one package?
r these gluten free?
how many packages do you receive
On a scale of 1-10 (10 being the spiciest), how spicy is this?
What is the case price? 6 cans per case?
How many people would this serve in snack portions?
is this mild or medium?
How long will this last once opened?
How, after opening, can you store this long term, or more than a month?
I purchased edible ink cartridges online, so would that make my cartridges spongeless? If so, I will buy these refills today. And I'm also wondering how many refills can you get from this set of 4 - 2 oz. bottles? Thanks SO much!!
How many refills each can u get with these bottles of 2 oz.?
Any bigger pack available? Is it suitable for Canon Pixma MP287 or Epson L210 printers?
what is the expiration period for this product
How do I know if my Canon Printer has a SPONGELESS cartridge? I just purchased the Canon Pixma MG5420 and would like to order your refills. Thanks!
Okay all you knowledgeable cake artists out there... Which do you prefer... Rice paper or Wafer paper? Thank you, again!!
two qustions: does it come with needles to inject colors, if so can you show pictures? what is the experation date?
Wat do u mean buy this 2oz ? wat does 2 oz stands for ? doesit mean each of the bottle inks 2 each or anything else?
Is this Suitable for my Canon IX4000 printer ? if so i will buy these today .
Can i use these eddible supply in other printers, like HP?
What is the serving size and how many mg of natural nitrates are in each serving?
Are there chemicals used during growing process?
Is this organic?
Is this product freeze dried?
Is this a non-GMO product?
What country are these made in??
Do you these contain peanuts? Will they come with a food label?
are these certified kosher?
how many legos in a 2lb bag?
can Anyone tell me about the ingredients ?
is it good
is it really in the box or is it to good to be true
Is it hard to do? I ordered it today!!!!!!
how long does it take to get here?
does it tasty
is it FDA apperoved?
how long does it takes to arrive?
How long does it take to arrive?
How long does it take to arrive?
Can you reuse the mold?
how much candy can you make?
does it have gelatain
Do popin cookin kits have gelatin
How many do you get to make?
Is there any way to tell when it expires?
Is there any way to tell when it expires?
what are the shapes of the molds?
Can you let the gummies sit out for a bit?
Is this kosher??
is the kit good
does it have eggs
What are the ingredients
are all the instructions in japanese?
how does it taste
Does milk help if you use it instead of water
how many days does it take to get to you?
how many donuts does it make?
Is this allergen safe?
What ingredients does it contain?
Can I get a calorie count please? I am watching my figure!
Just how BIG is the package of marshmallows that are being delivered? I am hoping to swim through them like Scrooge McDuck....
Is it possible to get them individually wrapped?
I live in apt. so delivery will be to leasing office. Will product be packaged safe and so staff doesn't know?
I'm planning on jumping off of a several story building. How many 40 lb cases do I need to buy to ensure a soft landing? I'm 180 pounds
How close to Lucky Charms marshmallows are these in terms of taste?
Why are they so dehydrated?
What are the product dimensions of this case of marshmallows? I need to know if I have a good place to store it.
ounces?
The World of Tea package does not indicate "organic". After reading the legal disclaimer, I guess we must assume their tea is NOT organic?
What are the dimensions of the box? Using it as a stocking stuffer.
Does this tea have caffeine in it or is it decaffeinated?
how many tea packets are in sampler?
Is this tea organic?
what are the ingredients?
Whats on the nutrition label? Has sugar been added to this product? What is a serving size and how many calories and grams of sugar per serving?
Are they just cranberries or do they have sugar or juice in them?
Does it have preservatives?
What is the complete nutrition details on this product?
is sugar added to apricots
Do you have any apricots that are not from Turkey?
how long will they keep?
Could I get them unpitted? Or, could I also get a bag of the seeds?
Is there sugar added to this product?
Can you write how many calories in each 100g or portion? The back of the package says 100cal per each 9g which is impossible.
Is there any peanut or tree nut warning on this product?
what is the difference between Grade A &amp; B maple syurp
Do I need to refrigerate this after opening? Do I have to with all pure maple syrups?
Is this grade A or grade B? The title says B, while the description says A...
is it normal for it to develop a white-ish film?
why the recipient, bottle or jug does not have the grade printed on them?
Is there fermaldyhde used in the processing?
Is the container BPA free?
Can I use this maple syrup instead of hfcs in my pies? Especially pecan pie. I hate that hfcs crap.
The description says grade A but the title of listing on here says grade b. which is it?!
I have a 099 oz. packet of cafe mocha how do I prepare it?
How many grams of sugar does each package contain?
Is this coffe or hot coco
Hi I have been using your product for some time, I am wondering if this actually has coffee ( expresso ) in it?
How many Cafe Mocha are in a box?
What is the kosher certification
Is date syrup the same as date honey
Do they add more auger to make the syrup? Or is it all natural?
Is this a "raw" product, or cooked/boiled?
Is it non-gmo?
How much is in the regular bottle as opposed to the squeeze bottle? The heading says regular jar is 12 oz but the description says 10.4 oz
Does it dissolve well in hot tea?
What is the process for making the date syrup? Is it refined?
Can you substitute espresso ground coffee for espresso powder in a cake recipe?
How much Espresso powder do you use in any given recipe?
I can see it's used in cooking but can you make a cup of espresso with it also?
what is the size or ounces of this item?
what is espresso powder
Is this product organic?
Does this combo have Sucralose or another sugar alternative?
I can't get these to work in the machine...It keeps telling me there is no disc in the machine. We have a Tassimo Proffesional machine.
Expensive: Why is this so expensive?
Ingredients?
what is the volume of this container?
is this caffeine free?
what is the expiration date on the product you are selling?
1. Does it mix well in cold water? 2. Do you recommend drinking it iced?
How much ganoderma is in each serving?
Does it have sugar in it?
Does this box come with 30 individual packs?
how much caffeine per packet?
How many packets are in each box?
Whats the difference between the Black Coffee and the Black Coffee Cafe Noir?
is this the same as the "mexican bar soap"
Anyone know if this soap contains glycerin? I do not need to gunk up my machine!
is it low sudsing
How do you use it?
What is the difference between pink zote and white zote?
For those with live terrariums how well has this moss held up? Is it still alive?
what are the dimensions of the sheet moss?
How would I transplant this moss outside in the shade under my trees?
I want to line an open wrought iron, rectangular container 10"x10"x20".&amp; use it as a planter. How to keep moss alive?
What kind of moss is this? Sphagnum? Another type?
Can this moss be used for the moss bath mat?
can i place this moss over the small rocks under my bonsai???
hello. that kind of moss serves to orchids. and brings in as a package or as is the amount sold 7.50 Dorlar. thanks
Is there any nutritional info on this? I.E. fat &amp; sodium content, etc.
It seems like the most recent reviews are regularly severely negative--did they change something??
CAN YOU MAKE CHEESE BREAD WITH THIS PRODUCT
After opening the cheese jar, do I need to refrigerate or what's the best to store? thanks!
How do you use this when it get into rock hard clumps???? (About nine months from purchase date)
Where can I find recipes? Or can anyone share how to use this besides in popcorn...
For those using it in dehydrated foods, how much are you using per recipe? So if you have powdered eggs and potatoes how much product are you adding?
So to make mac 'n cheese, would I just use around 1/4 cup (like the envelope) with the cooked noodles, butter &amp; milk like I was making mac from a box?
What is the shelf life or expiration date?
I am looking for a cheese to use in my popcorn machine, is this to be used in the hopper with the oil and the popcorn kennels.
I didn't know to mix my gel w/sugar so ended up w/lumps in my cherry pie filling, I mixed it as best I could, will this effect the taste/consistency?
what is the main ingredient in this product?
Will this product work in something like cornbread to moisten it?
Will the instant go clear without heating it?
What is the shelf life of the clear Jel?
Can this be used to thicken homemade yogurt?
Can clearJel be used as a replacement of thin boiling starch?
What's the equivalent amount of clear gel to use when a recipe calls for corn starch?
Is this product non-gmo?
Is this product gluten-free?
What are the ingredients of this root beer extract?
Maybe I missed it in the reviews but how much extract to make a 16 oz drink?
Is it already sweet or do you have to add sweetener?
how many gallons will one bottle make?
4) for qu's 1 &amp; 2 -- I just realized that the ratio of "1/4 tsp to 1 c water" is for when you have sugar, so it may require much less without sugar.
3) Has anyone tried this, in just a glass, along with liquid stevia? (1/4 tsp root beer concentrate per 1 cup [8 oz] water, + stevia). Thank you!
2) Is there someone who has this who might try it in plain water for me, and post back what their thoughts are? (1/4 tsp per 1 cup). Thank you!
Is the container glass or plastic?
does thsi drink contain sugar, need to know for a diabetic
What is the "shelf life" of the vitamin bursts before using?
How many calories are in 1 K cup of Vitamin Burst Strawberry Pomegranate
Quality wise, what is the difference in taste, nutrition bet. these oats and the ones that take longer to cook. Thanks.
Where are these oats from, what state, country, etc.? Thanks
where can i find the expiration/best before/sell by dates information of the product?
So do you use steel cut oats for oatmeal cookies? I would think they'd be too hard for baking.
Is this gluten free?
How can I cook this in microwave?
How long was the shelflife on the package? Are these nitrogen packs (Or whatever it is called that keeps the food fresher by taking out the oxygen?
iT SAYS 22OZ (PACK OF 4) . IS THAT FOUR (4) 22OZ BAGS?
How many grams of protein?
Are these toasted or cooked in any way before they are cut?
What is the sodium content per 1 oz bag?
Each of the bags is 1.5 oz. What is the sodium content per bag?
Why would you ruin a healthy, perfect chip by adding sugar?
Is this a plastic or glass container?
Is the honey in a liquid form? In other words, can you pour it straight out of the container without having to heat it up?
Is the honey in a liquid form? In other words, can you pour it straight out of the container without having to heat it up?
Is the honey in a liquid form? In other words, can you pour it straight out of the container without having to heat it up?
What kind of honey is it? Wildflower, clover, blueberry, etc.
Is this product certified organic honey?
Hi has anyone tried any other brands such as wedderspoon? I am so confused on which to choose. I am using it for cosmetics purposes for acne.
is it pasturized ?
Other than eating this product, can it be used directly on sores or burns, or would Medihoney be better for topical use?
What is this packed in - a glass or a plastic jar?
Is this real UMF/NPA manuka honey? It doesn't appear to have a UMF mark on the label.
What is the 15+ (and higher) ratio to the 200, I think 15+ is? Also, 400 ratio, and higher.... thanks so much!!
Does anyone know if this company takes all of the honey from the bee hives at a time, therefore, overworking the bees?
what is the comparison between UMF &amp; MGO ? I know what the leters stand for I just don't know how to compare their equvilents'
Is this Manuka honey in a glass or plastic jar? I am looking for Manuka in a glass jar.
i buy this variety pack at LEAST once a week for my office. Recently the price went up...why? i'd like to also get assrt coffee w/out the flavors.
Request: please make a variety - no decaf box.
is it 2.0 compatable
How can I just buy Maple Sleigh?
Do any of the samplers include decaf and regular?
which are decaf?
will these cups work in the new Mr.Coffee thermal one cup K cup machine?
do you use artificial flavors in flavored coffees?
Do the flavored varieties have sugar content? If so, how many grams of sugar per K-cup?
no decaf
I the Maple sleight a light roast or medium roast coffee?
The pictures and reviews are for the variety pack. Can you verify that this is a 40ct of just Maple?
Is the Maple Sleigh coffee sweetened? Does it contain any dairy products?
In terms of strength, what would Maple Sleigh be considered? I love the flavor, but I'm curious how much caffeine is in it.
Are the nutrition facts available?
Are Brooklyn Coffees naturally or artificially flavored?
how many pcs in 1lbs?
are these certified kosher?
About how many pieces per pound?
Does the blue gum ball blow a blue bubble?
Hi!. How many gumballs come in 1Lb package approximatelly? Thanks
Whats the sell by date?
Is this really a 35oz jar, or the 33oz jar I've also seen on Amazon. Hard to imagine they make two jars with such similar sizes
How many grams are in each jar?
Expiration date if i buy today??
What are the ingredients?
What is the expiry date?
base plate is plastic . ?
Is this the glass jar or the plastic?
Where is this Nutella made? Italy? Germany or Canada?
How many pounds is this order?
Are there any preservatives or sulfur? Thanks.
I guess I'm confused because in the ad it shows that the price is $1.19 + $5.00 shipping? And the shipping charge is still in the cart?
Can you combine shipping? I wanted to buy 10 packs but it's charging me $37 in shipping.
What is the source of the glycerin?
where are these made?
how long are these?
about how many pixie sticks in the 2lb bag?
about how many stix?
Ziploc bag? Origin of product?
One reviewer says this is powder, another says whole seed. Which is it?
Do you know if this product in produced in China ?
Any diabetic needs the nutrition info before consuming- what is in these?
how many calories per candy?
Does it have licorice root in it or is it flavored with Anise? I want it for a diabetic and diabetics aren't supposed to have licorice root.
Please provide me a list of ingredients for these sugar free candies. Thanks!
Can you please tell me the nutritional info per serving for carbohydrates, fiber, and sugar alcohol?
The nutritional info on the package back is smeared, what is the serving size and calorie count? Thanks!
how many calories?
serving size &amp; number of calories ?
What is the ingredient used to sweeten the bears?
Haribo does not produce 1lb bags of this type of bears, who packages these and how we can be assured of the authenticity?
how many taffy in 5lb bulk?
How many pieces of taffy was in the order?
about how many pieces of candy are in the 5 pound mix package? hank you
Are these chocolate coins a better investment than say, chocolate mutual funds?
About many coins are in this package?
Do they contain any nuts?
What are the ingredients of these coins?
what is the name of the companey who made this coins...is it made in the use or in belgem?
Since the answers varied so greatly the 1st time, I'm repeating a question asked in March 2014: How many coins are there in a bag???
Do you ship to Brazil?!
How many sticks per pack, 5 or 9? Thanks
How much Caffeine per piece?
What is the complete list of ingredients? and is Cocoa Butter listed first?
What is the calorie count per serving?
What is the amount in the package of sugar free white chocolate for $19.00
carb count
How much fat? Carb count Fiber count Protein
This product has Partially Hydrogenated Oils. Those are terrible for you!!! Worse than sugar, even. Why do you need those unhealthy things ??
is it non gmo?
How long does it take to cook?
Producer/Seller/anyone who's researched it, where are these grown please? Thank you :)
Is this pre washed?
What are the nutrition facts once the rice is cooked in terms of cups? For example, is 1/4 cup dry equivalent to half a cup cooked?
I see the quinoa is said to be grown in Bolivia. What about the brown, red and wild rice...where are they grown?
Anybody tried this with a crockpot? Thank you :)
Any Egg in these?
Are they free of coconut?
Are the cookies individually wrapped?
are these free of corn products?
almond flour?
How many of each flavor will I receive?
Hi,If I buy now, what is the expiry date of it?
for 'Enfagrow Premium Powder Refill - 30 oz - 4 pk ', if order now, what's the expire date? thanks!
What is the expiration date?
What is the expiration date?
now,what is the expiry date of it? I need it more than 12 months.
Can you tell me its expiry date? Because I want to buy 60 box and I hope more than 12 monthes
is this benecol instant cereal a drink?
What are the calories, carbohydrates and fat grams per pack?
is the benecol instant cereal like other instant cereal?
do benecol have a instant cereal
Does this have artifical sugar in it? What sweetens it?
how many calories?
do you have to brew these with a coffee maker?
$4/cup after shipping?!!! That's insane.
is this just a fruit juice? or is this a flavored tea?
how long does it take to ship if i live in texas?
About how long does it take to arrive?
Do you ship to saudi arabia?
What are good ways to display/present/keep this? On some sort or plate, in a vase, etc. I am fine with the smaller plants, but what to do with this?
Is it white? And about how big is it?
does this plant need much light?
Can this plant survive in cold climates? It will be keep indoors.
size
My plant stays light green. Will it turn white like the picture?
Does it get flowers?
Does this plant need sunlight?
This plant is pretty big, what do u put it in?
I'm ordering this for a friend's birthday. How long does it take to arrive? I don't want it to arrive too early, but too late would be even worse!
Is this pure buttermilk - any additives, preservatives, dyes, etc.
How many carbs does it have?
Can anyone tell me what the cholesterol content is? Just whatever it says on the package; thank you.
How much of the powder do you use to make 1 cup of buttermilk? Can the powder be added to the recipe as a dry ingredient, and then water be added?
is this Homoginized ? is this Pasteurised ? from Grass Fed Dairy Cows ?
Has anyone mixed it with skim milk or almond milk? Is there any reason not to? It seems a lot richer.
How long does it last after opening? Expiration Date?
Are sodium amounts listed?
Is it antibiotic and hormone free
fat content
What size are the Sea Urchin Shells?
Could you give me care instruction? I don't know how to care them.
how much or fast do these grow? thank you
what size are the urchins ...diameter and height?
can we keep in bed rooms
Is this picture is same when we receive the set (shells with the plant) cos i want the set shells with plants this is real plant or artificial plant
Are the plants all the same, or a variety of tillandsia? Does the Company tell you, what plants they shipped?
do you ship to christchurch?
is there any percentages of alcohol or bacon fat on it ??
What is the expiration date on the bottles for sale?
Do you use this as a marinade before barbecuing or on the cooked steak?
the product i received has an expiration date less than 2 weeks from the date i got it....what is the normal refrigerator life of this product?
What about shipping to Saudi Arabia?
Search for "Last year I ordered 2 bottles of Peter Luger Steak Sauce and I wanted to order now 5 bottles of it. Unfortunately you don't ship to German
do you send overseas such as s.korea? how much it cost for 1 bottle in delivery?
does this have a expiration date when I buy this?
my dad really likes peter luger and never went cuz of the prices. so i thought about getting this for him but does this make a good christmas gift?
when it says need to be shipped refrigerated what does it mean? It will come in a cold box?
Are Your seeds raw or roasted? Thank you
Are those safe and able to grow for Sunflower Greens for human consumption?
are these sunflower seed edible or are they just for birds?
If I order will they be Black Oil sunflower seeds or will they be the ones the previous customer said had stripes?
What is the difference between this and ones sold for sprouting?
Is the corn starch made from non genetically modified organism corn?? That is a major concern!
How nutritious can this flour be as it is made from corn starch, potato starch etc.?I am going to try it anyway but is it healthful in any way like almond flour would be, for example.? Just a thought.
what is shelf life of cup 4 cup flour
How many boxes do you get?
How many boxes will be shipped for $15.99? ...the quantity is unclear...
what is the shelf life?
Have any of you used this product for making homemade cheese and if so, what were your results?
How much powder do you add to water to make one cup?
Is there an ingredient list?
Are the cows just on grass or is their feed supplemented?
Is there any sugar in the milk powder?
when is the expired date and where is produced by ?
Change in blend? Anyone else notice that this coffee has changed flavor profile lately? Too acidic and bad aftertaste?
I am actually looking for a metal coffee can for use grilling. Please confirm for me this is a metal coffee can? I hope the coffee is good as a side
The 3 lb can clearly states 48 oz. Prime shipping indicates 36 oz. what up with that?????
I am looking for a coffee that will fully dissolve with hot water (no grains). Is this one like that? If not can I get a link for another one? Thanks!
Is this arabica or robusto coffee?
Why did the price go from 8.99 to 16?
What happened to the free Amazon Prime Shipping? We ordered this from you many times &amp; will no longer order if we are getting charged shipping.
Why is my SUbscribe &amp; Save price more than amazon's regular price? The regular price is $17.97; my subscribe and save price is $19.46 after 15% off!
Is this fair trade coffee?
Why is Subscribe &amp; Save more than one time delivery? $14.99 for one time &amp; $21.36 for "Subscribe &amp; Save."
What zones does this plant do well in.?
About how large was this plant upon receiving it (and assuming it was in good condition when you did)?
Can I grow this plant inside?
Does this plant grow well in Hawaii?
HOw long does it take for them to start flowering? I bought mine a full year ago, and I havent seen any blooms
Do they survive up north?
what is the expiration date for these 5 boxes of organogold coffee
$2.80 per box?
How many packets come per. box? It doesn't say, nor how many ounces
Why does the price say 80.46 then in parenthesis $4.02? Is it 80.46 for five boxes plus 4.02 per box?
Which is it black coffee of CAFE LATTE? and is it 20 or 30 packets? product discription does not match product featured!
Organo Gold Gourmet Black Ganoderma Coffee (1 Box of 30 Sachets)
Organo Gold Gourmet Black Ganoderma Coffee (1 Box of 30 Sachets)
where is it shipped from?
Is there 5 boxes of 30 packets that I'm going to receive?
do you ship to Europe? What is the content weight of each pack?
What is the maximum cooking and baking heat with this coconut oil?
glass or plastic jar?
Mine showed up in liquid form, when I was expecting it to be more shortening-like. Will it solidify at room-temp? Should I refrigerate it?
How many 16oz jars are shiped with this order? 2 or 4? Because it's confusing when they state $4.50 per item.
The picture and name on the can does not match the product description. Which is it, cream or oil?
Is it cold pressed unrefined
what is its dimensions?
After reading a bunch of reviews I needed to ask...does it really hold 20 VUE cups? And does it hold them well or do they get stuck? Thanks!
Can't get my drawer to roll when I push lever in front. My model is has rows of metal lines with small round tabs on bottom.
Will it work properly if it is on its side instead of flat?
how long are the pretzel rods?
How many pretzels rods are in each container?
Do these have caramel coating?
Are the pretzel rods each individually wrapped?
how many in container?
Do you add this to your coffee?
Does the cafe caramel contain caffine?
How much sugar does this have? How many calories?
does this contain artificial sweeteners
Can someone please compair this to caramel lattes from Dunkin Donuts?
ingredient list?
Does anyone have any baked good recipes that use coconut flour without almond flour?
is it GMO free?
Do you use this flour the same as you would regular flour in recipes?
Can coconut flour be used in smoothies?
Can this be used as a thickened in stew?
What's different between coconut flour and coconut powder
Can you put this in a smoothie?
can you fry chicken and pork chops with this product
Can this be used as a thickened in stew?
The product description says organic, but there is an additional organic option listed among the size selection. Why?
what is the best buy date and packed on date?
is this a non-gmo product?
What is the expiration date ?
Is this prduct produced in a nut free factory?
Is the 25 pound bag separated at all inside, or is it all in the one package? (Wanted to share)
Where is this machine made?
Can it be used without quarters? I would like to use it for a wedding candy bar
Does the gumball machine come a lock on the top and key?
Where do you get a stand for this machine?
does it accept dominican pesos?
Will it fit or attach to a stand?
does this machine accept toy capsules
It can run 10 cent coin?
can it be adjusted for jelly beans???
does it come assembled?
what does this taste like? I've just started to make bulletproof coffee and I've tried coconut oil and it was too strong in flavor.
Has the leaking issue been resolved?
Is this product organic?
Is this product a combination of MCT oil and Coconut oil?
Is the bottle glass or plastic??
Does it need to be refrigerated?
is it MCT Standardized to 60% or 95%
Why does the bottle say 60% standardized yet the description on Amazon says 95%
Where's the Lauric acid (The primary beneficial MTC in Coconut oil - 52%)?? Coconut oil is only 9% Caprylic and 10% Capric (Decanoic) acid.
Why is the price per ounce listed as much lower than the actual price per ounce? At the current price, it should be 0.88 per ounce, not 0.54
country of origin?
Has the Frontier 1lb. Organic Stevia been processed to eliminate bitterness?
How much of this is equivalent to a cup of sugar? There is nothing on the label about amounts.
Is your organic Stevia free of GMO's?
The ex date on the image shown is March 2014. Is this a fresher product? Thx
is this pure stevia or are there additives and fillers?
Has Frontiers Organic Stevia been processed to remove bitterness?
How many teaspoons are in this bag?
Is this a pure powder of stevia leaves or is is mixed with dextrose?
can anyone tell me, please, if these eggs contain any sodium silico aluminate?
Can this be replaced for regular eggs for baking? I am concerned that it would not taste the same, or that it would give my desserts a "funny" taste.
Does anyone know the shelf life of this product ? I want to use it for my doomsday provisions if it lasts 5 yrs or more.
for backpacking, if I add egg powder and boiling water in zip lock and shake/stir Do I get egg or a mess
The directions above say for one egg:2T egg powder to 2T water (that's 1:1), but for larger use 3 parts water to 1 part egg. I don't get it
i am having trouble mixing this it forms a paste what am i doing wrong need reciepe
How is this jar sealed?
shelf life of this product before opened?
how many dozen eggs does 1 lb work out to be?
how many eggs does this equal to
Does this product contain sugars, cane syrups, etc? Is the "honey"natural honey or a honey and sugar combination?
The nutritional info now "clicks" and expands @ sale site. BUT I would like to see the words that follow "INGREDIENTS". Are there 2 versions?
calories
What's the difference between these flavors as far as stronger bolder taste, flavor types etc. JAVA / BREAKFAST BLEND / FRENCH ROAST?
Are these K cups or Vue cups?
Is this brand gluten free?
Will the K2V k-cup to Vue-cup converter work with with these cups? Thanks! Mike
Hi. I have a Verismo machine. Are these pods compatible?
What is the width of the Northern roll - - 4 inches or 4.5 inches???
Is this product scented? I could not find anything on the package.
Anyone know if this contains aloe. Just had to have drainage pipe "rooted" again and guy says it is aloe in the paper that is doing it.
What are the ingredients? Is there sugar in this jerky?
Where is the best place(cost wise) to get Korean pork jerky?
does this product have the "official" gluten free label? I worry about purchasing if it doesn't have proper labeling
do they have MSG?
everyone knows that "natural" doesn't mean anything- I so want to buy this product, but it screams deception at every turn, can anyone clear up the mysteries?
is the pork from the usa??
what does "made in the usa" and imported mean??? i get so frustrated by companies that aren't straight forward and honest??
Is this moist and easy to chew?
How do you know it is cold pressed?
Is the container glass or plastic
where is the prodcut made in?
Is the plastic container BPA free? What is the number in the triangle under the jar?
does this product expire?
this product is raw?
I want to make sure that this is for 12 boxes that hold 12 cupcakes each? This would transport a total of 144 cupcakes?
What are the dimensions as a whole? I am trying to fit it into a 14x10x4 inch box. Thank you!
Is this for regular size cupcakes or minis?
What is different about the cup?
What percentage is Kona beans?
For those who like this coffee, how does it compare to Green Mountain Coffee's taste?
is it made in the USA ?
Do these cups work in the Keurig 2.0?
Does this have a built in filter? The Grove Square brand I unfortunately purchased has no filter. Basically instant coffee.
I don't understand why you refuse to ship to Alaska or Hawaii?
Is this a Bold coffee?
do these cups fit the keurig mini plus brewer?
Does the pumpkin spice come in decaf as well?
I love Pumpkin spice coffee but k cups I found only GM &amp; it's an extra light roast. Can anyone tell me if this is stronger coffee and flavor than GM?
how many mg of caffeine is in each keurig kcup of the pumpkin spice?
any idea how many calories in each cup?
pumpkin
does it contain soy?
I bought some from walmart but it is thick. almost like pudding. is this right?
How many bottles is in a case for $48.99?
How many candies in the 36oz Container?
what is the expiration date on these candies?
Is the caramel CHEWY? Not soft or gooey, but firm and chewy?
How many pieces of chocolate are in this size of package?
Hello. I was disappointed with my order. The chocolates were beat up and almost all th salt was at the bottom of the container. Is this normal?
Do the candies come with about a teaspoon of salt on each one?
What are the ingredients?
Can these be shipped to Arizona in Summer.....and not arrive as "Caramel Soup?"
How many calories in each piece?
How many chocolate caramels in each container?
If you dont know if the quality of the seeds, then can you answer if the peppers were sun dried or roasted dry? If sun dried, then seeds maybe good
can you use the seeds so i can grow the plant?
Is there a Powder format ?
did anyone else get rotten peppers in a ziplock bag?
is this as good as it looks
can i eat them straight?
Are the seeds included in this purchase of the peppers? Can they Germinate? I want to plant my own.
I just opened the box and I don't see were it says "Mother." How can I tell ???
Does this come in a glass bottle or plastic? Thank you in advance!
Does anyone know why this brand says to REFRIGERATE and all the other brands, including Bragg - the most well known brand, does NOT need refrigeration
I clicked on this product because it said international shipping available but when I try to buy I can't ship internationally. how do I do this?
does this vitacost have more mother in it than the bragg
what is the country of origin
how many package in a case?
How many packages are including in this offer?
How many packets of soup do you get for the $12.40?
Can you use these with the K145 Office PRO?
Does this work in the K65 Special Edition?
Can these be used for cappachino, also
Does it work with Mr coffee
Will these work with Mr. coffee BVMC-KG2 coffee brewers.
Will it fit the Elite K45? And do I HAVE to use filters with this or no?
will these work with the Keurig K45 Elite?
what paper filters fit?
I understand this can be used for tea. Loose tea? Tea bag? Should a tea bag be opened &amp; poured into the filter cup?
Does it work with the Keurig 2.0?
Is Sugar listed on the ingredients? Is sugar added? Are they sweetened? They look very shiny in the photo.
are these Blueberries sweetened?
Where do they pick these *WILD* blueberries? Are these berries really wild?
is this gluten free?
how many does this 40oz serve when cooked? I need to feed 40 appetizer portions of shrimp and grits!
do you just add water stir then put in microwave- talking about ALBERT QUICK GRITS
is it a grinder
Is it refillabe grinder?
I feel table salt is saltier, I have to put a lot pink salt in my soup to be enough salty. Is it because pink has less sodium &amp; sodium makes it salty?
What are the nutrients in this salt? I have tried to call Kirkland and there is NEVER an answer. Does it have iodine?
What is the Expiration Date?
How much Iodine is in this salt? All natural unrefined Himalayan sea salt or even regular seas salt normally has iodine. If it does not then its refined or processed.
How many pieces are there in an order
Are these calissons gluten-free? Can you please name all of the ingredients? Especially the ingredients in the wafer.
How many individual candies are there?
Please confirm which container do the calissons come in, tin or paper? Do they look exactly as shown?
What expiration date is listed on the package?
hou many OZ?what size?
What does "G4-60 PR" mean?
How many ounces do you get?
How much does this tea weigh? Also is it 100% green tea with no additives?
What grade of matcha is this?
Is this directly from Japan or from Taiwan?
What is the expiration date on the package?
how close is the expiration date to packages shipped now?
Is this price for two packs or one?
Is it made in China or Japan?
This page is Ryu Mei Japanese Organic Matcha Green Tea Powder, Kyoto Standard, 2- 3.5 oz. the pictures shows the grade but is not readable???
How many of you have actually verified this is from Japan and that it is from a radiation free area? Very interested in purchasing, long as it's safe
Can we get the name of the farm where this matcha is grown? Thanks.
Are there any research studies that show the difference in the grades of matcha green tea as far as the health benefits go?
How much matcha is in the package?
How does this product compare to DoMatcha?
IS IT VANILLA FLAVOR?
Is this the same Dietrich french roast coffee that that has the colorful top that is no longer easy to buy locally and that you offer on this site? The difference is that it has dark in the title of the new one.
Is that the only flavor you get in the 96 pack of Diedrich or a combination of their flavors?
On the Diedrich coffee k-cup for Keurig brewers, 96 count...is that a mixed variety?
What is the Total Carbohydrate number in each of these meals?
Are these items shipped frozen?
Can LYFE Kitchen meals be prepared in a conventional oven? If yes, what are the instructions?
My stepdad is on a very low sodium diet. What is the sodium content of these dishes?
country of origin please
Can you press the lid down to strain the tea leaves like you can in a coffee press?
Can hot milk be used instead of hot water to make tea in this tea pot? I prefer tea made of milk.
Can we use this for powdered tea? I am not sure if the mesh filter is built for powdered tea. Please help me with the question.
Does this have any parts that are not glass or stainless steel?
can you use this in the stove
is this microwave safe (without the lid of course)?
Can you brew hot tea with it?
Are there any plastic parts that come into contact with the hot water or tea? Is this all Stainless Steel &amp; Glass?
Does it work well for hot tea?
How do you get the leaves out and do they steep all the time they are in the pot?
Dishwasher safe?
Can it be heated directly on a gas stove?
Where is it made?
Can these be used in the new Keurig 2.0?
Can I order the Expresso Roast in larger boxes?
Can this Espresso Roast k-cup be used in the regular Keurig coffee maker? If so, does it make a regular size cup?
Bought espresso blend to use in my K-cup. Have grinds in the bottom of my cup, but filter looks intact. Should I be using with my reusable filter??
Does the San Francisco Bay OneCup, Espresso Roast fit/work in the starbucks verismo
What am I doing wrong? I was so excited to buy this product based on the amazing review but whenever I use one my coffee is super weak.
Is this for the standard 8oz cup or the smaller espresso size/?
I have a K-Cup Kueriz 2.0 Brewer.. says it will work but will not??? Not compatiable??
Do these packets fit a Hamilton Beach single serve flexbrew, which is very similar to a Krueig?
are there any single cup pods that are compatible with nespresso machines
Are these BPA free?
Is the hazelnut creme like regular coffee or more like a creamy cappacino?
does this work on the next generation kcups with the sensor on it?
Is this sugar free?
The first batch I received was great; however the second seems to have a different paper and could not be punctured; Has this issue been resolved?
Why is this flavor priced much higher than their other flavors like fog chaser and breakfast blend?
What are the ingredients?
Hazelnut creme any good?
Is the Hazelnut Creme SFBC vegan? Most coffees are vegan I know but the "Creme" part has me unsure. Can anyone list the ingredients?
Will these fit my Keurig Office Pro Premier K155?
will these fit a Keurig K45 coffee maker?
I prefer very strong coffee. Is this coffee either bold or dark roast?
I like bold decaf hard to find. Is this bold and flovorful?
Will these fit my older k10 machine?
Is this coffee as strong as the SF Bay Fog coffee?
Will these work in my new Kuerig 2.0?
One of the pictures shows that this comes with a freedom clip for the 2.0 keurig. Does the freedom clip come with this when you order it?
Someone asked if this Gorilla decaf is "bold." What does "bold" mean in this context? I like a fairly strong, flavorful cup without bitterness.
Is the decaf naturally decaffinated? Where does it say on the packaging?
Since these aren't labeled as organic/non-GMO I'm going to assume he yeast is raised on GMO sugar beet molasses unless someone has further insight?
is this product non-gmo? tn
Because of allergy issues, is this product produced/processed in a facility that processes tree nuts or peanuts?
Is this the same as brewer's yeast? same nutrition values?
Is this fortified nutritional yeast?
Label doesn't say how many servings or how to measure a serving. 16 gm serving = just over .5 oz. So, in 16 oz., around 30 servings? Of what size?
So, does this come in a handy plastic jar, as pictured, or in a cellophane bag, as one reviewer complained?
What is the shelf-life unopened?
Shelf-life? How far out is the Best-By date? Does it need to be used within a certain amount of time from opening?
Is this a BPA-Free plastic container?
Why has the price went from $17 to $28 in a few months
Are the Chia Company white chia seeds packaged in the tub shown?
How do I know I won't get 35.3 ounces of seeds that will expire in say 3 weeks? I want to buy but it isn't worth it if the exp. date is soon.
Should chia seeds be kept in the fridge?
Is it still sold in plastic tub or plastic bag?
are these chia seeds organic?
title says 35.3 ounces, but container says 1kg, which I thought was 26 ounces, item description says 8 ounces. Can you please clarify? Thanks.
Has anyone else found black particals that don't look like seeds??? I really hope this isn't some sort of insect poo.
has anyone made a pumpkin pie with this product?
What is the quantity being sold? It can't be ONE for $13...
Is this item kosher and under what certification
Hello, How sturdily is this made? Does the material seem of good quality, and not brittle or too lightweight? Thanks for your input!
Picture shows open handle so I could buy several and the bowls will stack. Is that correct? or does the Noodle Bowl actually have a closed handle.
a few questions please, and many thanks in advance.... 1. can you also microwave reheat already cooked mac and cheese stored in the refrigerator, in this sistema noodle mug? 2. Do you have to add any liquid to already cooked noodles or mac and cheese...
is this for a single serving such as a lunch or meant to be for cooking larger family portions?
If I placed an order now, what expiration date would there on this product?
If I place an order today, what is the expiration date on the packets?
How many calories per packet ? How many servings per packet?
Are these hominy grits, or corn grits?
Are these non gmo?
Is this white or yellow grits?
Are these chia seeds by CHOSEN FOODS 100% ORGANIC? I can't tell from the pictures...
What is the best way to store a 25 lb of chia seeds to maintain their quality and to ensure they stay fresh?
Are these seeds raw?
I need know the size of the box; length, width and height. Please
Do you rinse or wash the seeds before consume?
We're is this product originated?
Why are they so expensive? They taste great, up till a few months ago I could buy them from Dollar General for a dollar a box.
How many units come in a case?
What are the list of ingredients?
What size water bottle does each packet make?
What is the expiration or "best used by" date on the box?
New to sushi making...reluctant to buy a 50 pack...once the package is open how long do sheets keep? How do you store once package opened?
are these RAW nori difficult to eat as they may be CHEWY? if so, how does one toast it n still reserve the nutrients (easier to eat when it is crisp)
the package says made in china.....is the nori from china, or package made there; or packaged there? no china!!
WHO is the kosher supervision?
What is the certification that this product is Kosher?
The Nori is packed with a chemical and has a warning. Exactly what is this chemical? Why don't you use food grade Diatomaceous Earth instead?
Are they grown inland on nets?
Are these sheets perforated like most? If you're not sure, hold a sheet up to the light, since they are often barely visible to the naked eye.
kosher? what certification does it have? can you send a photo of the certification?
what is the kosher certifying agency? Can you send me a photo of the side of the package where that certification is visible.?
I can not see the ingredients list. Are there any chemical thickening agents or preservatives? If there is anything added, are these ingredients non-GMO?
Can this be whipped into whipped cream?
Does this really go bad if not used in two days?
What is the percent coconut vs water? Just trying to determine difference between the cream and the milk.
I have a small family and would not use the entire container. Can you freeze portions after opening?
Aroy-D coconut milk/cream (same product) in a can is very thick consistency, but in the carton it is watery/consistency of whole milk. WHY??
Are there 8.5oz containers of AROY-D 100% PURE Coconut Cream? I can't find any on Amazon (I can find the Milk, but not Cream).
Does anyone know the fat content, etc.?
What is the fat content of this product?
Is your espresso grind for a stovetop espresso (Bialetti moka)? Or should I buy beans and fine-grind myself? Thanks.
What is the acidity of this coffee, light, medium, or strong?
I could buy harrar in NYC, but it my favorite place no longer carries. Is this bag/bean single-source and is it dry processed? Thanks.
when are these beans roasted before they are shipped and is storing an unopened/opened bag of beans in the freezer the best way to store these beans? is there a roast date stamped on the bag?
how many gallons is in container
How long is the shelf life of peanut oil?
How long does it last after opening, and reuse time?
Is this enough to deep fry a turkey in an electric fryer?
Can someone please post how many GALLONS this is? It is hard to know how much of a deal this is when oil is typically sold by the gallon. Thanks!
Is this black rice the glutinous sticky kind or is it non-glutinous? I'm looking for a non-glutinous black rice if possible.
Is any artificial dyes used for the color?
Someone posted that we should not buy this product as it is merely dyed white rice and the color washes right off under running water. True/not true?
What is a good price for black rice ? I've never bought it before.. only brown rice. Please and thank you ! :)
Hi, I wonder what the best by date is? Thanks!
Can this rice be cooked in an inexpensive free-top rice cooker?
i just noticed that the date on the bag says "best by 12/10/14" and i just bought it on 12/14/14!!! did i get an expired bag???
Does the color stain your teeth purple?
I was told that the black rice should be white on the inside and only the outer hull is black, if inside is also black, that means rice was colored.
where is this black rice grown?
Why are you charging $15 for $6 product?
is plastic jar bpa free?
From what country is this honey harvested?
Is sugar added
is plastic jar bpa free?
does it contain pollen?
Is this the same as Clear Jel?
Can this product be used to thicken drinks (like water) for dysphagia patients?
Are there any food allergen disclaimers listed on the package?
can you use it as the same corn starch for cooking coconut pie recipe
Is this product from non-GMO corn?
why doesn't it say non GMO on the package?
is this the same as 'clear jel'?
It states this item is Non-GMO but the ingredients beg to differ. Can you please explain how you are classifying it GMO free?
I am trying to find a way to thicken homemade soy yogurt. Would this work?
What is the sugar/Carb content? I love that this is non-gmo
Does Ultra Gel give a clear or a cloudy/milky appearance to fruit products?
Can this be used as a gelatin substitute for making vegan marshmalllows?
Does this contain pectin?
Some please help me out. I can't seem to get my gravy thick with this product.
Can I use this to make Jelly?
Has anyone made marshmallows with this?
$2.78 at Walmart yesterday..why are you charging such USURIOUS prices?????
Will these fit the Hamilton Beach one cup coffee maker?
Has anyone tried using these in the Bunn My Cafe single serve brewer with the loose coffee tray (NOT the k cup tray)? Would love to know if they work
Anybody know what is the best way to buy these things, I tryed 2 Walmarts non available, shipping is outrageous.
How much coffee grounds does this filter hold? (Will it hold 2 (two) tablespoons of coffee grounds)?
Can these filter cups be used inside the Keurig My K-Cup, or only with the JavaJig? I don't like the open design of the JavaJig.
I have a single server hamilton beach coffee maker can I use melitta java filters ?
Do these filters fit in the Hamilton Beach one cup coffee maker?
Hard to get cap off after brewing. Is there a simpler way?
How much coffee grounds does this filter hold? (Will it hold 2 (two) tablespoons of coffee grounds)?
does the coffee go into the filter part, so you can lift out the grounds when done, or do you still have to clean the grounds out of the thing?
Will this work in the new Keurig 2.0?
What am I doing wrong? It doesn't work in my Cuisinart Keurig. It seems like I would be forcing the lid down and I'm too afraid to do it.
Can this be used in the Nespresso Pixie machine?
What grind type should I use?
Will this work in a Keurig K45?
Brew barely trickles out, going "plop, plop, plop"-creating a mess &amp; little coffee. Normally there is a steady stream of brew Used 2T of medium-fine
Will it fit my Keurig 40 I just purchased? Thank you for your reply.
What is it a sadwhich spread, base or something similar to bullion.
What does the ingredient list say?
Where can I buy or order BOVRIL Liquid Vegetable Boullon???
What is it a sadwhich spread, base or something similar to bullion.
Can shipping be faster
how long does it take to come
how long does shipping take?
Are there any nut or peanut ingredients?
Do two candy packets come with this or is it just the soda flavor? Product specifications only list one product, not two.
Organic? Are any hormones or antibiotics given to the animals from which the product derives? Pesticide &amp; chemical fertilizer free?
Does this solidify/make jello when chilled?
The product says "gelatin" but is it gelatin? It keeps talking about 'collagen'... OR is this specific gelatin the same as "collagen hydrolysate"?
does this product have MSG??? please let me know. I am allergic. thanks1
Is this product contaminated with heavy metals like lead, cadmium and arsenic? Their web site says, in the business section, it does is this true?
Is this product gluten free?
how many calories is in a daily dose?
how do i open the container?
What's the difference between collagen types 1, 3 and this product?
what is the difference between the kosher and the variety that is not labeled 'kosher'?
Are these nut free?
how many in a pack?
Hi, this is a question for the seller. do you have these same lollipops in green? i am ordering in blue, but also need green. thanks so much!
How tall is the candy portion of the sucker?
Can you send a photo of the ingredients. My kids have food allergies and I need to confirm they ae safe for them before I forder them. Thanks!
do you have in stock. i need a package with 48 lollipops. let me know as soon as possible because i need it for the next week. thanks
do these come individually wrapped?
Any way a picture of the ingredients on the box be posted? i need to know if they are safe
Are these individually wrapped?
are these nut free
It says 6 inches total length - I assume that's from the top of the candy to the bottom of the stick...how long is just the candy?
Are these kosher?
It says 1 pound (pack of 3) does that mean 3 one pound bags or 3 four ounce bags?
organic sugar
So, can I use this to substitute cane sugar AND brown sugar?
certified non-GMO?
Is this gluten free?
calories per teaspoon ?
Is this like Stevia - sugar free?
Is this labeled Organic and Non-GMO Verified
what does unrefined mean?
is this heated above 118 degrees? is it "raw"?
It's ridiculous not to list the ingredients. Does it have xanthan gum?
Would you suggest adding xanthan gum to the mix when making a cake? (I know there is guar gum, but would xanthan help?)
What is its shelf life?
Can you tell me if there are any tree nuts, or if this is processed on shared equipment with tree nuts?
Does this blend make moist, flaky biscuits? I tried Bisquick, but the biscuits were crumbly.
Is the flour organic
Is the product made in facility that processes peanuts specifically? Is it peanut free?
Has anyone used this blend of flour to batter fish? Results, please.
Why has the price doubled in the last few months?
The Description says 4 pound, but the shipping weight is 12.7 lbs. Is it 28.53 for one or for a case of three 4 lb bags?
Will these K-Cups work in the new "Keurig 2.0" machines? They apparently won't brew non-Keurig products.
is this coffee organically grown without chemical pesticides?
Is the Jamaican Blue Mountain Organic?
This was $82 dollars for 24 cups... this seems excessive :( Do all the Marley coffees have the special filter?
I'm a little confused about the price of these. Unless I am reading this wrong, this is $139.00 for a box of 24. Is that correct @ almost $6/cup?
I purchased a box of this coffee. Instead of K-cups, they were single serve bags. I am not able to use them in my Keurig coffee. What should I do?
I purchased a bow of this coffee. Instead of K-cups, they were single serve bags. I am not able to use them in my kur
Can we expected to see k-cups that are compatible with Keurig 2.0? I tried this coffee at work and would really like to buy some for home.
What type of roast is this? Is it Extra Bold also?
Can I use this coffee with regular press coffee maker rather than Keurig maker?
Is this with scent and flavor? I am looking for coconut oil with the scent and flavor not one that's been processed and removed.
Is this with scent and flavor? I am looking for coconut oil with the scent and flavor not one that's been processed and removed.
is cold pressed unrefined?
Is this made from fresh coconuts or from copra (dried coconuts)?
It is not 5.05 pounds! It is 54oz. I want my money back!
Is the salt iodized?
Is this a glass jar/bottle? What material is the grinder? Ceramic, metal, or something else?
Why is sea salt listed on the ingredients? Is it a mix? Or pure Himalayan?
I have MEDIUM grain Himalayan pink salt. Will this grinder grind this size of grain?
Can you add salt to this once it is empty?
Do you use this for baking also?
How do you refill the bottle?
Is the grinder a ceramic grinder and does it come with the salt?
Does a grinder come with?
What is the hard seed like ingrediant?
Does it contain milk or eggs?
Contain or produced in nut or try nut facility
Does it contain gluten ?
Does it contain gluten ?
What are the actual ingredients? Thanks
Is the container plastic?
Are these large cherries with stems rather than the ones bought at most grocers?
What country are they processed in?
Do they have stems?
Do these cherries have seeds in them?????
What are the ingredients?
how many cherries are in one container
what is cup4cup made from
Has anyone had success making yeast rolls or any other yeast based bread/ pastry with this?
Is this measured in a recipe exactly what it says... Cup for a cup of regular flour?
Approximately how many cups are in the 3lb bag?
Can I take a regular bread recipe that calls for 3 cups of flour, replace it with 3 cups of Cup4Cup, then follow the rest of the regular bread recipe?
Are any of the ingredients GM?
Is it non GMO?
Is this Thomas Keller cup4cup?
can i make pizzelle with this?
Can I make doughtnuts with this?
Are the groats hulled? Can they be sprouted?
How long will these keep &amp; how to store properly?
Are these oats gluten free (free from wheat or gluten-containing grains)?
Are they GMO free???
are they organic (non-GMO)?
can I make sprouts?
how many calories &amp; fat are in this ?
How many Gallons of milk does the 4 pound can make?
What are the ingredients of this product?
what is the best used by years maximum?
Is this GMO free?
Does the can say how long it can be stored once opened? Does the canister need to be refrigerated?
will this grain sprout
is this non gmo
is thius organic
Is this the same as "Rye Berries"??
Is this product organic or non-GMO?
what is the shelf life?
What is the nurtition information for this product?
I am assuming this product is not organic. Is that correct? Thank you.
What type of mushrooms are these? (i.e. porcini, shittake, button....)
A 4 oz can of these dried mushrooms would be equivalent to say, how many 8 oz. fresh cartons of mushrooms?
What do they taste like on salads?
Dimensions? How many gallons does it fill? Thank you
Are these steel cut or oat groats? Is there a difference?
Is this Gmo free ?
What is the shelf life if left unopened?
Are these oats non-GMO?
I got my ordered delivered today and i would generally be using this oat in grounded form. Anyone have an idea the best blender or grinder to use
How are these shipped and delivered?
Is this organic?
If I buy a 50 LB bag and put it in airtight glass jars, how long will it last. I do not want it going bad before I have a chance to eat it.
are these oats from Canada?
Does this come with the powder to make the calcium water?
What is the source of the pectin and what are the ingredients? Thanks
How long is the shelf life of the 1/2 pound bag of Pectin?
How far does the bulk size go? If it's 1/2 lb and you use 2oz per batch, wouldn't that be 4 batches at about $13 of product per batch??
I just received my order of your imperials and they have a taste like gas or some other kind of yukky taste now what ?
They look like jelly beans is this what they are? Do they dissolve when heated in jelly, apple butter?
Are they the same taste as "Red Hot"?
can someone please advise of the CARBOHYDRATES in these? nothing is said about carbs or sugars.... Thank you, Orlene
are they gluten free
I just received my order of your imperials and they have a taste like gas or some other kind of yukky taste now what ?
what is the best method for long term storage?
Are they organic?
I realize these are not certified organic, but do you know if they are grown with any pesticides?
On picture says sell by 2012 are they expired?
What is Honeyville Farms' dough conditioner made of? Ingredients? Carb content?
What is the different between dough conditioner and vital wheat gluten? what is will helpful than when making french baguette?
Is "Dough Conditioner" the same as "Dough Enhancer"?
Should/can this dough enhancer be used along with a vital wheat gluten or will one or the other suffice? I am tired of having my finished whole wheat bread looking like a door stop! Thanks!
Will using it give my pizza crust that NY pizza chewiness?
Do I still need to add yeast If I already added this enhancer?
Chef Ron(in your comments) said your product contains vital wheat gluten. Will it significantly change the protein % of my dough?
directions read 1 tsp in 1 cup of flour,mix with all other ingredients. If my recipe has 6 cups of flour do i use 6 teaspoons?
Once I open the can; what is the expected shelf life?
Does anyone use this with artisan bread in 5 minutes a day recipes?
What country do these onions come from? Are the onions sliced or minced? The product description doesn't indicate.
do the rehydrated onions fry up well? like for carmelizing or stir fry?
Is there an expiration date on the can? How many years will these store?
Would these be suitable for a salad once they were rehydrated?
Is this 100% pure Ceylon?
How many capsules equals 600 MG?
does it have potassium stearate as an ingredient? The bottle picture does not allow one to see the ingrredients.
What size are these capsules? 1/2? Thanks for any help!!
What color is the Ceylon capsules, the ones I received were brown same as cassia cinnamon I'm currently taken.
is this irradiated or non-irradiated?
is it water soluable?
Does it have a quality seal by either NSF International, US Pharmacopeia, or Consumer Lab?
Is this item water soluble?
are there any animal products in the product?
Where can I find nutritional information for your powdered butter ie. fat content, etc.?
What is the length of time this can be stored? How long before the expiration date comes up?
If you were to make up the whole canister, how much butter would it make up? Is it 1:1, 1:5 1:10
How does powered butter and powered cheese compare to regular butter and regular cheese as to fat per serving
10 years unopened... how long once it's opened?
what's the size of this can (#10? #5?)
whats the nutrients? and ingredient label? cals?pro?carbs?
I just purchased this product and the BBD is 2015??? How is that a 10 yr. shelf life?
Is this product Gluten Free?
What is the nutrition value?
Regarding the nutrition label, is the serving size of 2Tbsp referencing dry product or reconstituted product?
Is the label green because it is made especially for Keurig
Is this the Extra Bold French Roast that comes in the green package ?
is this cup compatible with the Kuerig 2.0 brewer?
K-cup top says: Dark Roast Extra Bold but is it really? Or just reg French Roast? No 'extra bold' mentioned in description.
Is the label green because this is decaf?
how does this compare to Tully's italian roast?
Anyone call tell me the serving size and calorie count for this product? Or take a photo of the back of the package? ;-)
PB2: Powdered Peanut Butter: Does anyone know if these products are gluten-free?
Can you prepare a "batch" for the week or does it have to be prepared as you use it?
how to use
do you know what the point value is for weight watchers?
Does anyone know if either of these products contain milk or milk by-products? it is for someone who is lactose intolerant. Thanks!
Why do they still add salt and sugar?? The best peanut butter doesn't have anything added.
Does anyone know the shelf-life of this product?
Is this still good after the expiration date? If so, how long?
Has anyone ever tried this in their Yonanas maker and if so how have you prepared it?
Is this gluten-free?
is this starch cooked?
Is there any allergen information regarding nut allergies (any caution statement regarding produced in same facility as nuts?)
After opened how long will hi-maize keep? Must I refrigerate?
Is the texture of this just like starches? I need a starchy texture but don't do carbs.
Is this non-GMO and what is the fiber content?
is the 28g serving size about 1/4 cup?
is the 28g sering 1/4 cup??
HI - I wanted to see if this is the same flour as you sell in the 5 lb bag. The descriptiono on the 5 lb bag shows that it is Blanched Almond Flour Meal, so just wanted to make sure this is the same thing before I purchase such a large quantity. Thanks
Hi - Are the almonds used in your almond flour pasteurized, fumigated with propylene oxide or heat steamed
Hi, What is the cost for this item plus shipping to zip code 96796?
Hi, just wondering if this is super fine grind like the 3lb bags?
If the Virtulino machine brews coffee &amp; espresso - are the pods for both, or do I order separate espresso pods&gt;
can you use these pods with the VirtuoLine machine?
are the pods a mixture of caffeine and non-caffeine?
I bought these pods for my niece's Nespresso, but they are much smaller than the ones she uses. Why is there no distinction on the description??
Do these capsules fit the PIXIE machine ?
Maybe a stupid question but will these work in the Nespresso EN520 Lattissima please?
Can be used on machine of "Nespresso VertuoLine Coffee and Espresso Maker with Aeroccino Plus Milk Frother" ?
Are these pods expired or fresh?
Can you use these pods on the Citiz machine?
what pods do i buy for the inissia machine..will these fit?
are the two types mixed together or can they be seperated
Where can I get just the cotton candy containers and lids?
How long will this last left UNopen?
Can you take this out of the tub and put it into bags to give it to kids. If so, do you think you would get 2 bags out of each tub? Thanks
A cup of milk has about 150 calories. What have they added to this milk product to make a serving size contain 499 calories?
How many cups(dry)/servings to a pound? I have looked over the product info and the reviews and can't don't seem to see that info anywhere.
Is the milk used for this powder free of rHbg and other added hormones?
are there other ingredients in this? besides dry milk ?
what is the unopened shelf life of this milk
what's the expiration term of this product?
How many servings in a pound of this?
So this is not made from Organic Milk?
I have tried to figure out why the carb count is so high when there is no sugar? Can anyone explain? Thank you!
Is this soy-free?
I need a recipe for Cheddar Cheez soup using this product. Does anyone have a recipe.
Is this gluten free
how salty is this? some powders are more salt than flavor.
What is the self life of this product ?
nutrition salt content?
Is the cheddar cheese powder gluten free?
I need a recipe for mac &amp; cheese using this, please!
These nutritionals are not clear. 28 grams is usually one ounce. Can someone give me the carbs, fat and protein for 1 ounce?
How much macaroni to Cheez powder should you use?
What is the expiration date on this product? How long does it last?
How many ounces are each bottle?
Is there a Best By expiration date for this gift? If so, how do you see it?
How many bottles in pack?
How many ounces / ml is each bottle?
how many calories per pack?
is it chewy or crunchy?
Is this listing for ONE 6.3 oz box of cookies?
do you have to let chia seeds soak to get the nutritional value or can you just eat them dry? (before they expand)
has anyone lost weight using these?
If you ground the seeds, do you get the same moisture-absorptive effect?
where are they made
are the Nutiva organic chia seeds grown in China?
How do you store these? Refrigerator?
does it help loose weight
What is the best chia seed brand?
how to properly use Chia seeds in smoothies , oatmeal or coffee? do they need to be soaked before added to a smoothie? TIA
organic versus non-organic chia seeds
How many bags does it come with?
how many bags are included?
what is the cheapest and best store to order from?
I just bought an espresso maker, I am trying to re-create a Starbuck Pumpkins spiced latte--any thoughts???
What are the ingredients in here
how to make a pumpkin pie frappuccino with Torani Pumpkin pie sauce
Does this product require refrigeration?
Does this have an expiration date, last one I ordered, I could not find on the bottle?
Can this brand be used for canning?
Does this product use GMO corn?
Is this regular or instant clear jel? Thanks
What is the substitution value if I use it in place of Sure Jel for jams?
Can I use clear jel in beef stew and then can it?
can it be used to thicken Hot Chocolate ? how much would you add ?
Is there anything to prevent globs of clear jel forming when I combine it with sugar and liquid and bring to a boil? Even whisking didn't help much.
how many cups will i get out of 1.5 #
Is this product GMO free?
I am canning homemade salsa and it is a little runny, can this be used? I cook the salsa and then give the jars a 15 minute water bath.
Is this still the 2013 or are they selling 2014 harvest now?
Is your product free of peanut, soy, and dairy? Including being processed in machines that come into contact with these items?
I don't see an organic certification, but do you know anything about how this was grown, specifically if pesticides were used, and if so, what kind?
Is your product kosher pareve?
the shipping says 14-28 days yikes- it that right I need it sooner
Can this be used to make sachets? Is it fragrant enough and intended for such use?
I like to know if Scotts marzipan is has 60% sugar and almonds, glucose syrup, water. The Odense marzipan has that, but it is hard to find.
How long will this marzipan keep fresh after opening? (Would you recommend refrigeration to extend freshness...and for how long before it goes bad/unfresh?) Thanks!
Could I use this marzipan in molds to create my own marzipan dessert shapes? Or is it too hard/difficult to mold?
I want to use it to cover a cake, How many squares inches can 1 pound cover?
Is this product completely gluten free
Can you post the ingredients list please?! Does it have traces of tree nuts or dairy?
I never buy any food item without know ingredients. This one sounds good but I need ingredient list. What's in it?
Hello. today is 3/7/14. I am going to order the 4 pack of PB2.. what is the exp date of your current stock?
What is the Expiration Date of these? I would like a 4pack, but I don't want them to 'go bad' before I get to that last pack! Thanks!
If you are selling a 4-pack of 1lb bags, how is it that your shipping weight is only 3.8 lbs?????? What am I missing here????
The list of ingredients for this fig jam on amazon doesn't list any added sugar. Is that true?
how much sugar is in it
origin?
Can you describe how small a shred is it? Does it come in small chunks and is it dry?
Can you make cod fish cakes with this?
want to use salt cod at Christmas - how long does this hold and how soon should it be purchased?
Has Anyone Used This To Make Cod Fish Gravy? Sam
Can I buy it now and freeze it?. Need to use for Christmas
Since this is February, is this now expired cod you are selling?
The best buy date on this listing is Jan 2015, but the projected delivery date goes to Feb. So buy a product past it expiration date?
How much caffeeine?
The picture is strawberry lemonade. The description says raspberry pomegranate. Which is it?
What is included in this item? How many cans? What flavors?
where are they grown?
what does "planifolia" mean?
Would grade B Vanilla be suitable for infusing scent into a homemade body butter? I want to add a few beans while refining the Shea Butter and other oils... Should I go for grade A instead?
so i can plant them after being dry i dont care about where they growe i just need to know if these beans will growe after being dry
can i put these in a pot and make them growe
I am very interested in buying 3 sets of 10 of the vanilla beans, grade B. Am I going to be charged $4.99 S&amp;H for EACH package / just one? Thanks! AM
Are these whole or split vanilla beans?
how long are the beans
Are these beans dried out?
how many do you get per package?
Is this fine ground or coarse ground?
Are these grits yellow because the bag has white on it Are the grits actually yellow? I prefer yellow.
Are these non-GMO grits?
How long does it take to cook and can they be done in a microwave?
Are these grits GMO-free?
Is this product labeled gluten free
is this product non-gmo?
I've read everywhere that good grits should be keep in the refrigerator of freezer. Do these come in a styrofoam box frozen when they leave the plant?
what are the cooking directions? how long do they cook?
How many carbs per serving
Can this be done in a slow cooker?
Is this for one 2 lb package or two?
What are the texture of these grits?
How many cups uncooked are in the bag?
Do you use non gmo corn?
How many bags will I want for a cocktail hour/popcorn bar at my wedding for 200 guests? This is the only "appetizer" but not the only dessert.
Hello, I need this for April 23rd. When should I place my order?
How many calories and how much sodium in a cup of popcorn?
Want this for a party at the end of June. Will it stay fresh if I order it now?
If I order this now, can i get it delivered by friday noon?
Is the popped corn buttered or salted?
if my wedding is on january 3rd how far in advaced should ioreder to recivev it on time?
how long will it take to ship to california? need it by thursday
how long does it take to ship an order to Atlanta, GA?
We need popcorn for an event on Saturday. Is it too late to order this now?
I need this for a baby shower on Dec. 7 if I order now will it still be fresh by then.
I want to buy this to use as party favors for an event on 5/16. I'll need 30 little bags. Is one 5 lb enough, and when shoud I order for freshness?
What is the "Caramel Popcorn 91 oz. 5 Gal. 50 Cups" means? Is it 91 oz, 5 Gal or 50 cups? I want to know what to expect.
The reviewer didn't discuss the quality of taste
how long does it stay fresh?
So this is $23.99 for one box?!
what is this tea sweetened with?
Does this tea have lemon in it?
Where is this tea I want some and cant find it!!!!!
are you saying that a single box of Lipton Southern Style Tea is 33.74 ?
what are the nutrition values of the tea
Has anyone found someplace still selling this since Sams stopped?
Any idea about how many cookies per pound box?
Weight of these Cookies
How many cookies in the order?
is the palm oil of the high quality cold-pressed 'virgin' type, or is it 'industrial/processed'?
is there any sugar in this product?
How many carbohydrates?
What is the sodium content?
Do you use non gmo and pesticide free almonds?
Does this need to be stirred and/or stored in the fridge?
what is the size of serving, and the calories per serving and fat per serving
Is it in a glass jar?
Bare doesn't have sugar but what about salt?
Is it made of roasted almonds OR raw almonds?
replacement for blanched almond flour?
Can anyone tell me what the nutrition facts are for this item? Specifically, calories, fat, fiber and the serving size.
Is this extra fine
Is this extra gin
May I see an ingredient panel? I need to know if nut or peanut products are also manufacture on your equipment. Thanks!
What is the country of origin? I note that the picture is very blurry.
Where are the pine nuts from?
To NOW FOODS: What country/tries are these pine nuts from? If not US, how can they be "certified USDA organic"? USDA doesn't inspect outside the US.
Are these raw?
which pine nuts are product of USA ?
What harvest (year) is this from?
How much oil is in the TJ bottle?
Is it lead-free? I read on another forum that this brand has lead.
Is this organic or certified NON-GMO?
Does this oil have a harvest date??
Are these nuts dry roasted?
How long will they last? Are they in one large 5 pound bag?
What is nutrition profile of these nuts (carbs/fat/protein)? And how many calories/serving?
Are the soynuts non GMO?
What is country of origin of these?
what is expiration date
Are all 6 of these medium ground or a variety of grinds?
Is this for 6 folgers that are each 33.9 oz that make 270 cups ??
What are the expiration dates on this bundle of 6- 33.9 oz. containers of Folgers? Saw a review that said expiration occurs within a year.
what country is this coconut water from?
Does anyone know the shelf life of this product?
can someone list the information from the food label - such as grams of sugar etc.
is the product organic?
How are the burgers packed, are they in 1lb vacuum sealed bags, or individual?
What is the calorie count for the 4oz burgers. Is it 110 calories, or is this a mix of lean and fat for the burgers?
How are the patties packed in the case?
Are these nut free? It seems many pumpkin seeds have the disclaimer that they could contain traces of peanuts...
I am confused bcoz of the word 'shelled'. What does it mean? Do we have to remove the outer shell or it has been removed?
Does the manufacturer use sea salt? How much sodium is in the product? Any sugars?
What tyoe of oil are they roasted in?
Does this Tea has Senna?
What are the ingredients in this tea?
I want to knoww if this have sena in there and caffeine
Do I have to eat all healthy an workout a lot? An how many packets come in it?
Does this tea contain any soy product, also does it contain green tea.
Does this tea have anti-oxidants?
When I opened the package, it seemed as though the thinness of the tea seeped through the tea bags. The package was full of powder. Is this normal?
Can you make a pitcher of tea to enjoy all day? I make and drink pitchers of tea all the time - wonderedif you could do that with this tea?
Do they ship to Europe or just US?
I don't know if I should buy this or get something not as expansive since I'm on tight budget? Does this really work? Will I get my money back?
is this certified organic?
Are the almonds salted?
Have they been pasteurized? Since these almonds are from California...
are these truly raw, all processing done under 118 degrees F ?
How to store nuts
Are the nuts cooked or uncooked?
how many servings???
What kid of oil are these roasted with?
How to store after opening
is this in shell roasted, unsalted pumpkin seeds? some review states otherwise
Do you have the raw pumpkin seed in-shell?
how are seeds roasted? Are they tossed in an oil first? if yes, what oil? Thank you.
where do your pumpkin seeds come from...country and location of origin?
does it tase disgusting
List ingredients please.
is boost high in sugar
Is this $18 for 1 canned ham weighing 12 oz? Is this the same canned ham Walgreen's sells for $3.87?
How many people does 1 can feed? Or how many servings does it contain? Thanks in advance.
Does it come in an actual can? Or is it plastic?
how many cans?
does it have to be kept cold
Does this work in the lattissima nespresso?
Has anyone tried this on the Keurig Rivo?
K-Cups
DEAR, COULD U SHIP THE PRODUCT TO CHINA DIRECTLY?
Hi I want to ship this product to somewhere else, so could I first know the dimension of it? (length*width*height) Thank you very much!
Hi. Are these early shield or optigrow? Thank you
Why don't you ship to the United Arab Emirates?
also, what is the expire date of this product?
Can you ship to Japan?
Hi, i want to know the Expiration date of Similac Advance Earlyshield Powder, 34 Ounce?
why do so many customers say when they get this plant it is not red as the picture says?
What is size of plant?
What type of container would I put these in if I had more than 1?
Can I mist it everyday?
After I soaked the plant for two hours (by mistake), the lower spikes took on a white powdery look that has lasted for a week. What should I do?
I read an article in Women's Day magazine that air plants do not need water or much care. Is that true?
Help! I got this to go in a cute little terrarium I got as a gift. The base is too big to fit in the holes, can it be cut back a bit?
Do these get redder over time, the ones i just ordered are pretty green?
What is the height of air plant?
Does this contain artificial sweeteners?
Does anyone know how many calories per cup?
Is this compatible with the 2.0?
what's the expiration date on the cups?
Ingredients?
What do you usually drink? I fell for your great reviews and bought this horrible drink. It tastes like any other powdered drink, which isn't good!
I thought you had a decaf version of the matcha.
do you make smoothies with this powder green tea
The instructions talk about how to make a "cup", but not all are equal. Can the producer please explain how many Fl Oz or ml of water to use?
If I want to make 16oz drink, how many drinks can I make with this product?
I have read matcha from China contains a high amount of lead - especially when it's organic. Any thoughts?
How much caffeine is in each packet? It does not specify.
What is the caffeine content of each packet?
How much EGCG is in this Chinese tea compared to Japanese Matcha?
What does matcha tea taste like?
Do USDA Organic standards include a maximum for lead content? If not, then do you measure this? If so, what is your threshold?
How similar in flavor is this to matcha? Similar or totally different?
Is brown rice added? Where is the product processed? Not China or Taiwan, I hope.
How many gallons can this thing make? I drink a gallon of green tea a day. I know it is mixed to taste, but how many bags of green tea is it equival
Is this tea calorie-free?
has anyone use this cultured ghee in bulletproof coffee?
Can someone tell me the difference in use, taste and nutrition between their cultured and non-cultured ghee?
The difference between cultured ghee and non cultured?
Does this cultured ghee require refrigeration or can it be left in a room temperature pantry?
Was it made from raw milk or pasteurized?
Does this have salt?
is there gluten
Has the quality of this ghee gone down? I purchased 4 bottles recently and the color is definitely much paler than before.
Does this product contain whey?
if i cook with this product, will the cooking kill all the value of the culture -- ie will it kill the enzymes? should i perhaps save this for raw dishes and use the cheaper (non-cultured) version for baking my cookies?
How big of a cake will this 2 pound bucket cover?
What is the shelf life?
Hi, is this gluten free by chance?
Is this pure white fondant?.....I have found so many that claim to white, but end up being off white/ivory.
Can this be colored?
Does it come in different colors? I don't mind making my own fondant EXCEPT when it come to making dark brown. It is a nightmare
How many bowls in the package?
What is the cooker made of? If plastic, does it have BPA?
Does this work with Shin Ramyun. It seems like it might not fit. Or does anyone have cooking directions for this?
Does it splatter all over the oven while cooking?
Is this like the container that Yakisoba brand noodles come in? Looks like it &amp; the cooking method is the same: fill to line, cook 4 min!
How long does it last, considering it's made of plastic? How many times could I use it before it falls apart?
What material is the Rapid Ramen Cooker made out of?
When filled to the line what is the volume of the water. I'm thinking of buying the Rapid Mac cooker instead, to use for both ramen and mac and cheese
I saw they have one now (though not on Amazon) that is specifically for Mac &amp; Cheese. But I wonder, could we just use this same one for Mac &amp; Cheese? How much water would I use &amp; how long would I cook it? Thanks! Thinking as a gift for my college-aged...
Has anyone tried this with coconut milk instead of water? I make the GreenNoodles Tom Yum with coconut milk.
what are the ingredients?
Does it contain carrageenan
how many ounces/carton?
What is the "natural flavor" in the ingredients?
does this need to be refrigerated?
Does it have cane juice or evaporated cane juice in it?
what is the expiration date on this product..
Are there specific directions for noodles that only have stove-top directions (e.g. boil 3 minutes)?
Does this keep soup warm (like a thermos)? I was hoping it might work to pack soup for kids lunches, so it would have to stay warm for 4-5 hours.
How much does this hold? Will it hold like a large can of soup?
Can you cook dry pasta in this bowl? Ex. Elbow macaroni, penne, ziti?
Is this only good for re-heating or can you actually cook anything in it?
Is this lead free
Is it also BPA free?
Can this be used to make Ramen Noodles?
are there any directions on length of time to microwave various items?
Has anyone used this to apply for eczema cure?
How long does shipping take?
Are these in glass jars?
How is this different from the regular Wedderspoon Manuka active 16 raw honey?
is this product raw and unheated or just raw?
what are the nutrition facts in these muffins- calories, fat, sugar, salt
Nutrition Facts Please ???
How many calories are in one muffin? Thanks!
IS THIS BLUEBERRY MUFFIN KOSHER?
ekobrew
Do these fit directly into the K75? I bought some others that do not.
I have to slam the Keurig closed when I use the E-filters. Any suggestions??
Does this work in the original B30 Mini? Thanks 4 an answer in advance!!!
Can loose tea be used in these filters?
Does this work in the Keurig 2.0 series?
Are these made in the USA? I wanted stainless steel (Ekobrew) but it says it doesn't work with the Mr. Coffee KG5
Will these work with the Keurig K40 model?
Are the Filters made of Stainless Steal Mesh?
Does anyone know if they work in a K60/65?
are these chocolate chips vegan?
What exactly is the "vanilla"? Is it vanilla seeds or vanilla extract? I'm trying to find out if they contain alcohol as vanilla extract uses alcohol.
What does chocolate liquor have in it?
I need the cookie size of the Costco chocolate chip cookie to order the proper size box, does anyone know the size?
are these chocolate chips gluten free?
who makes the chocolate chips for kirkand
Do these chips contain dairy?
hi is Sleeping Bear Farms raw honey certified organic? thanks... tim :)
Is the honey unheated?
Is it see-through or not? is it dark or light color?
On the listing you say it's 12 lbs but on the tub it says 2.5 lbs. ?
What countries is this honey sourced from?
Is the plastic container the honey comes in, BPA free?
is this the same honey in the 5 gallon bucket? hope the owners answer, cuz i'm confused the descriptions aren't the same for both items if they are?
So what is the flower source for your honey?
Is this clover honey?
Are there any chemicals or insecticides given to the hives?
What process is used to extract KAKOSI Organic Cocoa Butter? Is it extracted using solvents, cold-pressed, or hot-pressed?
is this raw cocoa?
is this cold expelled?
Can I use this Cocoa Butter to make a chocolate?
Is there nutritional info included on the product? Does it contain any carbs?
Please, does anyone know where this product is made in ?
Does this have any other ingredients or "may contains"?
Does this work on fading Scars?
can this be stored in the freezer w/o damaging its properties?
it is advertised as 16 oz and shipping weight is 12 ounces. Which one is true?
is it liquid or solid
Has anyone had experience using this product to help with nursing? What was your experience, how much did you use, and what foods did you mix into?
Has anyone used this to make lotions?
Is this mechanically processed (no chemicals) or chemically processed with hexane or acetone?
Do you know what the ph of this product is? I was using the Swanson brand to make Liposomal Vit C and it is extremely acidic - a ph of less than 6.
is this product chemically or mechanically separated. if chemically separated what chemical?
How long does this stay fresh? Is there an expiration date on it?
how many cupcakes would this cover only putting a pinch on?
Could this glitter be used to rim a champagne glass? Would it stick to the rim, and would it leave a gold glitter on people mouths?
How many cake pops would this container cover?
Will the Vue pods fit in this holder?
will a B40 elite fit on this base?
What is the height of this product?
Is this pod holder the correct size for a K75 model machine?
Is the base on wheels in order to easily push it against the back wall when it is not in use?
Will this work with my Keurig K145 Office Pro? (9.5 W x 12.3 D x 13.3 H) (48oz reservoir)
for the k75 owners -- does the drawer or carousel stick with the 75 oz water tank full? I noticed this as a complaint by some and not others.
i know this may be a crazy ? but is this the only color and does everyone that is talking about this all hve the same color coffee maker. Because mine is not black it was given to me and it is a cranberry red i beleive. I like the stand and storage on...
Will this fit under the keurig 2.0 k 500?
I want to store tea bags in it will that work?some have dividers that won't allow for tea bags, this looks like it might work.
it this marmalade fine or coarse cut?
How much jam am I buying?
how it compares to tiptree's tawney orange or Frank Cooper's Vintage Oxford Marmalade
I started my kombucha with this Scoby and now my tea is growing the more rubbery mother in the jar. Should I keep both in there?
The bag that contains the scoby; does it also contain 1 cup of the starter tea?
I can't seem to find the instructions for my starter kit - help! can anyone share? thanks,
Does the brew need to be refrigerated afterwards?
What type of container should be used?
The instructions said the kit will only make 1/2 a gallon. Can I then make a gallon for next batch with new baby scoby? I was hoping for a gallon
How large is the scoby?
Is it ok to use a warming mat for brewing, i believe its 17 watts?
Will this scoby grow to the size of my vessel in a half gallon tea/sugar. Can i set it on the radiator cover or is heat radiating from the bottom bad
Picture on the ad says "4 Pack" is that 4 items in the package or 4 of these starter kits?
what are the exact ingredients? any soy lecethin or dairy?
SUGAR????????
Is it non alkali processed (that is, not Duch processed)?
can you use this to make hot chocolate?
I can't see where it says how many bars you get with this order. Any advice for a techno challenged person? :P
Is the vanilla from a bean or from a plant?
Does the packaging contain any warnings about the product being made in a facility that also processes peanuts or tree nuts? Thank you.
Sugar/carb content?
What kind of bean is used?
So wait, this isn't organic???
The shelf life says 18. Is that 18 months?
Where does this vanilla come from?
Does this vanilla have a good aroma? I had a bad experience with another brand of ground vanilla bean, when I opened the bag, it had an awful smell and taste.
Using ~ 1 tsp/day, about how long will the bag last?
How would this be in plain yogurt? Would it dissolve well?
Is there any way to hydrate this and make it sticky again?
is this the same as nattokinase? and non-gmo?
is the item suitable for vegan? is it non-gmo?
So you just have to rehydrate this right? I'd hate to buy it and find that i can't just rehydrate it.. Does it come with soy&amp;mustard sauce packets?
Is this product kosher? If not are there any that are?
How many micrograms of Vitamin K2 per 1 gram of this product?
What are the ingredients of this?
I ordered these dried-fermented beans, natto, and do not know how to prepare them. Do you have instructions somewhere on how to prepare these?
so, I'm supposed mix stuff with it to activate the Natto? I was just eating them as crunchy nuts-- will I have the health benefits by eating them d
How much water do you add to this Natto?
approximately how many pieces are in a 2.2 bag?
Can these be used in a hot chocolate bar?
Are the pieces of marshmallow candy individually wrapped?
does this product contain any gelatin?
How long are these good for? We have a party the first week of March and would like to start ordering goodies.
Is this Chinese tea?
How many ounces in each canister?
am i missing it? is there an ounce count here?
Do you have a list of all ingredients in this product? Also is this GMO free, pesticide free, and does it contain artificial flavors? Thanks :)
does passion fruit green has caffein?
What is the country of origin for these teas?
How much is each tin (grams, ounces, anything!)?
I've read here that you don't need to use the MyKCup attachment for these. 1 more question: do I remove the plastic seal over the cup or leave it on?
Is this price for only 10 K-Cups? I can't see a quantity other than '10-pack'. I love Kona but that's pretty darn expensive if it's 10 servings.
When I popped one into my new Keurig 2.0 it tells me that it can't use it. Is this a known issue?
We have the cuisinart single serve coffeemaker. The needle underneath bottom of the pod can't puncture the plastic. How do we brew these?
Will the cups fit into a nespresso machine?
How does this brand rate against other KONA coffees sold here on Amazon ? Opinions please ! :)
Is this price really for only 10 servings (cups), and if the item is completely recycleable, why are their foil wrappers?
is there only a total of 10 single serve cups in all and if not how many cups are there total.
Do the capsules fit the CBTL Caffitaly machines?
Does this fit in a Breville?
Is this a "Dark Roast"?
Is there an expiration date/freshness date on the 5 lb package? As in "Fresh thru Dec 2014" ?
Was the packaging changed on this? It use to come in a black bag, but the one I received is white. Is this the same product?
Is this organic or not?
Is the Colombian GMO free?
Is this coffee suitable for espresso or drip best?
How long does it stay fresh after you open the bag
Is this coffee organic?
Is this made from grass fed cows?
Is it hydrolyzed? Could anyone please list all the ingredients for me? It would be much appreciated.
is this kosher geletin
can it be used for fondant
Is this grass-fed gelatin? The seller really should answer this.......
Can you tell us about the decafination process? What process is it, carbon dioxide, formaldehyde, etc.? And is it organic?
What container would you store 5 lbs of coffee beans in? These beans are "bigger" than 5 lbs of flour.
Is the decaf made using a water process?
My ? is this. Does this really taste like coffee? I've bought so many blends and supposed REAL Beans,my head swims. I'm tired of French Roast. I've tried other Roast. What do you think is the best. It's a stupid and redundant ? But important..
How much time elapses between roasting and selling?
Does the label ORGANIC mean CERTIFIED ORGANIC? Does this mean the absence of pesticides and GMO's?
Can you please tell me what authorized organization/agency certifies/certified your coffee as organic?
What is the difference other than price, between this product and Nutiva Organic Extra Virgin Coconut Oil? And also smell, cooking, and taste wise?
Can I use this oil in baking? I have many bread recipes that call for "oil" and I want to find something I can use besides vegetable oils.
Could you use this in other coconut oil stuff? Like sugar scrubs?
why is this oil so yellow???
Interchangeable in cooking? In solid form, do you measure it like shortening or butter? In liquid form, do you measure it like vegetable oil?
I would like to know the melting point of this coconut oil. I have been purchasing it but I can't find that information on the label or on this page.
Can this oil be used with an industry grade popcorn machine, like a Cretors Goldrush Popper? I'm concerned that those run to hot for this oil. Thanks
Is it hydrogenated, or not?
Is this product partially hydrogenated?
Is this coconut oil extracted with solvents or other chemicals? Thank you.
Is this oil made from gmo peanuts?
Is this peanut oil refined or unrefined?
how many would you need to fry a turkey?
is this one gallon, or 4 x one gallon?
What is the shelf life of this oil?
Where are these apricots from? Do you have any apricots that are not from Turkey?
Are these treated with sulphur dioxide, as 1 reviewer said?
gluten free?
is anyone using these for their vitamin A content, as apposed to cod liver oil? thank you
Are these apricots imported? or from USA?
Do these unsulphured dried apricots contain added sugar?
Are these gluten-free? (Any danger of cross-contamination?
what is the shelf life, unopened and open
Is this GMO free?
Are the buckets BPA free?
how many times is it washed?
Was this wheat sprayed with Roundup prior to harvest?
Is this 100% Vermont Maple syrup?
The description does not state that this is organic. Is it?
Is the plastic container BPA-free?
what is the difference between grade a and grade b ?
Can you send it to Argentina?
Does this have to be refrigerated? Thanks!
How long does syrup last as in shelf life expiration?
What is the difference between grade A vs grade B. Some of you say that it is grade-B (and it is advertized as such) while Carolyn answered that hers
Is this raw stevia?
What size of serving and how many servings in 3.5 ounces?
So , this is in fact the real thing? I am vigilant about avoiding fillers.Thank you for the review.
does this taste better than starbucks via?
what is the expiration date on these?
is that 60 servings of 8oz cups of coffee? what's a serving consist of?
Has anyone used this for a coffee enema?
Where is this coffee grown?
Did the company change their labels? I got a "Fair Trade" version.
Is this a glass jar or is it made of plastic?
will this wake me up better than non organic? my friend said he feels better with organic physically.
how many servings of 8oz coffee can i get out of this 3.53 jar?
what are the ingredients?
is there liquor in this fruitcake what are the ingredients
is it made with high fructose corn syrup
how many come in 1 order &amp; what is in the ingredients?
Can you tell me what exactly are the ingredients please?
Can you freeze and defrost later or do you need to eat it all fresh?
How can this be "paleo" if it contains potato starch, xanthan gum &amp; tapioca flour?
Can you tell me the carb count on these pasta products? Is this price for only one package of noodles?
You say you get three packs of lasagna for $55. What are the ounces or pounds of the packs? Thanks HM
Nutritional content?
What comes at the $55 price? How much product? The photo shows 3 types of pasta. Trying to figure out what $55 buys.
does this lasagna need to be boiled first before assembling lasagna or are they no boil?
what are exact ingredients, please?
what is the nutritional break down on the coconut cream syrup?
Can your syrups be used for sno-cones? Thanks
does this have dairy in it?
Could you put your Keurig on top of the storage holder?
Would this hold Dolce Gusto capsules?
How well do the drawers slide in and out?
Is each drawer just open space or does each drawer have dividers? I want to put the Vue pods in it.
Can these units be stacked? I would like to stack two of them if possible. Thanks!
Can it hold the carafe pods you know the ones that make POTS of coffee not just singles?
We have wire shelves with 1" spacing between the wires, running front to back. Will this sit ok on the wire shelving?
Close up view of item pictured showed uneven &amp; tipped in the drawer. Could you alternate upright &amp; upside down to keep them from tipping/catching?
What color is it?
Will this hold my Keurig mini plus coffee maker? The coffee maker is depth-12.32 in. height- 12.6 in. and width is 9
How do you store them?
I am considering ordering the 25 lb bag. How long will the berries stay good if stored in a dry place?
I live in Hawaii, where normal temperatures range between 75-90F year round. How long will it keep if vacuum sealed and stored in 5gal bucket?
what is the nutrition info amd is it on the bag ?
Is Roundup used on the fields?
I ordered hard white wheat berries Palouse. Are they organic ? E. Perrine
I use berries for wheatgrass, and use hard WINTER wheat (usually red). I see Palouse has both hard white and hard red, but NOT WINTER. Suggestions?
I see that this product is not organic. Is it exposed to pesticides?
I see that it is GMO free, is it also organic?
the german rye land brot is it 2 48 loafs 6 pd, total?
do these have seeds?
Does this bread have caraway in it?
Is this a sour dough rye?
is it 48 oz. total... (2) 24 oz. loaves?
I'm looking for an oil for oil pulling. I don't like the taste of sesame oil.
Should this be refrigerated after opening? I just received my bottle to find no instructions on the label. Thank you in advance.
Where is this product made?
Is this made from black or white sesame seeds?
Is this packed in a bpa-free container?
hi there, what is it's shelf's life ? and does it smell ? i'm planing to use it as body oil. thank you!
where is it made thanks ?
Is this processed in a factory or on shared equipment with any of the top 8 allergens?
What is the smoke point for this oil? I am looking for a healthy corn popping oil and stir fry oil.
Did anyone else have a small black spherical object inside the oil along with a taped down lid?
where is it made thanks ?
I am looking an oil for my deep fryer, will this work and does it need to be refriderated after use?
Does it have to be refridgerated after opening it
does the price include 6 molds?
Sorry that didn't answer my question will they EACH hold 1lb of Crude or is that a combined total of all 6 hold 1 lb of crude together??
in one answer you stated one pound each. in another, you say combination of all 6 mold is one pound. please clairify.
Do EACH of the molds hold up to 1 lb or is that a combined total?"
Hi, i would like to know if they are BPA FREE... Thank you
How much salt is in this bucket?
Is this a fine grind used for cooking or does it need to be ground?
How many pounds is this ? There is nowhere it says how much is in bucket .
What is the origin?
how many pounds of salt is it? Can't read the label in the picture. This info should be in the product info verbage.
Will the image look better, or work better, on a darker colored cake (tardis blue) or a white cake?
does it contain milk?
How long will this item stay fresh after arriving? Can it be stored for a couple weeks?
Can you use an ice cream cake?
does it contain red dye 40?
How to add as it is not coming up as gift eligable? please add your personalization message as a GIFT MESSAGE upon checkout.
Is this coffee or cider?
What kind is it?
Does anybody know the caffeine content?
This gives conflicting count for this. It says 100 cups at the top and 200 cups in the discription. What is the correct count?
Will this work in the Keurig 2.0? Why doesn't the description give this answer?
Can you verify this order is 10 pack for $45 or 10 capasules for $45? It's not clear enough on the detail
Do you sell 1 box with 10 capsules or 10 boxes with 10 capsules in each box for $49.99? I can figure out. My normal price for 10 capsules is about $6!
what's expiration dated of product?
What's the discount if we buy 2 or more?
Are there any added sulfites? or just naturally occuring ones?
I do not see ingredients listed?
Why is this described in pounds instead of ounces or milliliters? How many ounces is in each bottle?
How much sugar in each teaspoonful?
The price per ounce is wrong. Very wrong. Can you please correct it?
total bottles
What's the source of the fruit flavors? Organic fruits?
Is this item gluten free?
Do these have added sugar? What is the calorie count per serving?
Why isn't this umf or GMO rated?
How does this honey compare to manuka health mgo 400 old 20+umf? Is this better? I need the best for my severe gastroparesis causing nausea/vomiting/acid reflex.
When is the expried?
Is this product in a hard plastic jar or a glass jar. It is hard to tell from the pic and the description does not say.
how many bottom per box? Ship to international Hong kong takes how long? when is expired day?
is this honey raw, unprocessed and uncooked? tried to reach to manufacturer, no email back
Is this honey raw or not?
Is this non-GMO?
Re: the bio-active number ... is the higher the number related to its sweetness? So 20+ is sweeter than 10+ ?
Does this honey have a UMF rating? Saying it is Bio Active 10+ does not mean it is antibacterial or 100% Manuka.
Suspiciously cheaper than other brands for 20+. Do they have certification?
is Manuka Doctor Bio Honey from new zealand and is it certified by the UMF Association of New Zealand. Is it the same, better or not as good as others
Is this a type of honey you can have a spoonful of right out of the jar? Or is it better in something like tea or whatever?
Manuka doctor site says that the origin of the honey is certified by Oritain, who independently and scientifically verifies the origin of food products to a forensic standard. But who verified UMF factor? Should not it be certified by UMF Association...
how much protein and carbs?
grams of sugar per serving?
I bought the set of these but the peanut butter one is as hard as a rock, I'm assumming it is suppose to be powderlike, is that right? Thanks!
What is the sodium count?
Is there a way to know if you will get them in bags or jars? I would prefer a jar
Is any of the nutritional value of peanut butter lost in the powder form? I thought the fat in peanut butter was the good kind. Isn't it removed?
Would this PB2 make GOOD P &amp; J sandwiches?
Just got my PB2, and the bag is hard as a rock! Did anyone else experience this? I haven't opened it yet, but the bag is rock hard. Should I return?
Is anyone else concerned about the presence of trans fats?
I have the smaller jars I can put a little at a time in but will it stay fresh in this bag? It would probably last me a couple months.
Do these actually reconstitute well? Some things just don't so am wondering from those who actually use. Thanks.
What is the shelf life for these?
Im trying to figure out about how far all of this will go. It says 50 cups, but I can't seem to figure out a meals per day/how many days, comparison??
How much water to use to reconstitute vegies
Are these gluten free or manufactured in a facility with gluten items?
how is this compared to the same flavor bags? I like the bags but I don't know if these are about the same? Thanks
How many calories in this tea
Is there artificial sweeteners in this?
What are the exact ingredients in the tea?
whats a rica
what is the sodium content?
Can someone tell me the size of the tortillas. I would like to buy the larger corn tortillas instead of the small ones we find in most markets..
What are the ingredients, please?
what's the size (diameter)
Can anyone instruct me on how to find/read the expiration date on the bar. Mine have "3-058BE COMBAT READY" on back of wrapper. Thanks
is this item suitable for vegetarians?
How many are in the box? I used to have a subscription to these also. but Amazon discontinued. Please bring them back!
The packaging used to be silver/blue/red/brown. Now its all green. Is it still the same bar with the same taste, or did they change it completely?
Where can I find temperature and shelf life information?
What are the calories per bar?
Ingredient list?
How many calories are in each bar?
Are these beans oily? We have a super automatic espresso maker which doesn't do well with oily beans.
Has anyone used this coffee for coffee enemas since it's high in caffeine? Previous ???'s &amp; answers don't provide clarity about caffeine content???
Is this product mycotoxin free or contain low mycotoxins?
2 questions, can I use this in a press, is it whole bean?
Is this 454 power 2.2 lb bag ground ?....because I want ground not whole bean and this is the only one I saw that was not advertised as whole bean-
Assume this is whole bean?
What ratio of h20 and coffee grind should I use with my cuisinart drip coffee maker
I drink 6-10 cups daily using Keurig single cup brewer. Can I grind in AM, store in airtight jar, put 2 scoops in a reusable K-cup and drink away?
Is this high caffine? The reviews are confusing
What is difference between B150 and K150?
does this unit need filters?
Can I use grain coffee in this unit? I don't want to buy a grinder thx
Has anyone been able to program this keurig since hooking it up to the water source? I can only see the brewing screens, no clock screens.
Does this have to be hooked up to the household water system or can it be used with just the reservoir?
Does this unit have a hot water spigot on it so that people can get JUST hot water for their Oatmeal or tea?
HOW do I remove the awful plastic taste and smell of the coffee this machine makes? My unit is plumbed in. THANKS!
What is the difference between the K150 and the K155?
Can you use various brands of Kcups with the Keurig B150 or is it only Keurig Kcup compatible?
Does the 150 make HOT coffee? Hot enough that you can just sip it (not fully drink)? My wife likes her coffee HOT.
Why is the price $25 on the website, but goes up to $29 on Amazon?
is this can BPH free? Bet not since you never mentioned it in your description...
What is the shelf life of this stuff?
Does this have to be refrigerated before opened?
I love your coconut water, but you guys are WAY more expensive then the competitio. I just bought almost a month ago for $25, now its $29. What gives?
is it from concentrate?
how many calories in one serving?
Where does it come from?
Is this product pasteurized?
a 25% cost increase?!:? from 19.99 to 25$
Ingredients?
does it work with keurig 2.0?
does it work with keurig 2.0?
is this vegan? no milk?
Is this sugar free?
Where is seaweed from? Which country is the seaweed from?
This is sold at Costco for $7.99. Why are you charging almost double?
This is sold at Costco for $7.99. Why are you charging almost double?
Do you sell seaweed from Maine USA?
photos on the package show sushi rolls. has anyone been successful in rolling them?
What are the health benefits ??
the Expiration date is&#xFF1F;
Are there any recipes for seaweed other than the serving suggestions on package?
Are these full sheets are small snack size? Thanks
How much iodine is in each 17 g package
How many ounces are in this can?
How many cookies in the tin?
How many cookies in this 26.45 oz. tin?
size
what is the shelf life of almond flour?
Can you tell me if this is a peanut free product?
i would like the nutritional value nothing is on the bag and cant find it on site??
Is there any warning on the package about being packaged in a facility that also processes nuts?
Are these apricots Kosher?
what'sexpiration date?
is there any sugar added
what is the potassium content per serving? how many pieces per serving?
how long do they last?
what is the shelf life?
All 3 of my jars seem have large sections of a dark, clumpy, gritty mixture. Is this normal?
Are these almonds non-GMO?
Is this as smooth as the old Trader Joe's almond butter. TJ's new stuff is gritty and I don't like gritty.
%vitamin E?
I absolutely love Wegman's almond butter. It almost drizzles onto crackers and is perfect. Does any one know if this is similar?
Is this raw or roasted Almond Butter?
This item pops up when I type in Organic Almond Butter. . .but I don't see the organic in the description.
Are zinke's almonds treated with propylene oxide (ppo)
Any tips on how to keep this from separating during storage?
are the plastic jars BPA free?
What are the ingredients?
Does this product need refrigeration after opening?
What type of oil is in the almond butter?
How much protein?
Are the almonds organic?
What are the ingredients?
how long of a shelf life do these have (before opening)
Non GMO?
is the jar plastic or glass?
does the base rotate?
Will this also hold the NEW Cups For The Keurig Rivo Latte' Machine?
What are the dimensions of this holder?
Are these sour?
How big are these gummies? size of M&amp;M
How many peach hearts come in this 5 lb bag?
What brand are these sold under?
What is the ingredient in swerve?
is lohan in this
Anyone know how to soften up Swerve granular after it hardens/clumps into a solid mass?
is the taste similar to stevia?
Is this for a 2pack of granular or a pack of each granular and powdered? Why do the packages look different in picture? I want a 2 pack of just gra.
What is the carb count on the Gluten Free Swerve? Is it suitable for a low/no carb diet?
how many oz. in each bag ... for the bakers bundle?
When would you use the granular Swerve and when would you use the confectioner's Swerve? Is one better for baking than the other?
what are ingredients list?
Does the soy sauce have wheat in it?
Are there any animal products in the ingredients?
Does this sauce contain MSG, modified food starch, autolyzed anything, artificial or natural flavors? Would love to see ingredients list.
Does unopened package need refrigeration?
How many fat/protein grams are in a serving?
Hi, how long before it expires? Thanks!
Does this have carageenan or gellan in it? Thank you
Is this organic / GMO free I did not see this on the front of the package?
Is there a good bread recipe to make with this flour?
I there any dairy ( whey) or corn products ( corn starch/ meal) in it ?
Has anyone had any luck making cupcakes with this that aren't dense, dry, and hard?
Is the rice flour white or brown? Does white flour convert to sugar?
Is there any wheat in this?
is dark chocolate? or white chocolate? please the product expiration date
How many pieces are in the one pound bag?
Is there a discount in shipping for multiple orders at once?
Do these chocolates have an expiration date?
How many chocolates are in the one pound bag?
Does anyone know exactly what kind of vinegar this is?
What is this products shelf-life?
How much is needed to make standard (10% I believe) vinegar?
Does it have carbs in it? Thanks for your help!
Has anyone used this, in a reconstituted form, for cleaning purposes?
Does this product have maltodextrin?
do you know if this product has gluten?
How does one use this product to make a 1 gallon soultion of 5%. Sorry, not a chemist!
Does this have a good vinegar kick like the flavor of salt and vinegar chips? I like lots of malt vinegar on fries, fish etc
How much gum is actually in the package?
What kind of packaging does it come it? Does the bag seal?
Is it denture friendly?
What is in natural flavors?
Does this gum contain Titanium dioxide, a binder used in Spry.
Explain: PUR Pomegranate Gum - 60-pieces of Aspartame Free Gum; there are 12 bags in one display unit; 10 display units in one master case
How many pieces of gum are in the package?
Is the package resealable?
Does it contain MSG or it's ilk. What is the "natural flavor" - that term is starting to concern me because i know the FDA would approve even if bad.
Do the gum pieces have a hard candy shell coating? (like Peelu?)
Can you chew this gum if you have dentures?
Does this gum contain Plastic in the base?
any ingredients from china?
does it contain latex in the gum base?
Is Spearmint the best flavor of Pur gums?
does it contain any artificial ingredients such as food dyes?
How much xylitol does a single piece of gum contain?
how many pieces?
Is the Pur Gum, Peppermint, made from corn or from birch?
Is this gum include sugar ?
What is PUR's gum base made from?
Will this gum fit in a standard gumball machine? Specifically the Carousel Classic Gumball Machine Bank, 12" tall - Die cast Metal Glass Globe.
Which Pur Gum flavor has the strongest, mintiest blast? Think Altoids.....
What is the best before date? expiry date?
how many peices of gum are in 2.82 ounce?
Does this gum have Titanium Dioxide as an ingredient?
How/where can I buy a bottle of this stuff?
What is the shelf life? Once a fish is opened must it be refrigerated?
Why does your PRODUCT DESCRIPTION say that the price is $5.99 with free shipping while AMAZON shows it is $7.99 with free shipping?
what is the actual sodium content/mg?
What is the sodium content in mgs of one fish unit?
Are the little plastic fish using BPA-Free Plastic?
Does this belong to the category of Dark Soya sauce or a light one?
How many ounces are in each fish?
May I have a complete list of ingredients in little soya soy sauce?
how much sodium is in this soy sauce?
I think the Product Description section gives the info and measurements for the 40-ct drawer though this item is for the 60-ct. drawer, correct?
Is it stackable?
Is this strong enough to hold the Citiz unit which includes the frother?
The product include the 60 capsules on it ??? or is an empty box .... with capacity 60capsules
Will the Latissima Plus fit on top of this? Thanks!
Can the sliding drawer be easily removed from the housing? I want to place it in a cabinet drawer so I can see and keep capsules organized.
Will these hold the nespresso capsules from the vertuoline line?
will this product hold the citiz machine and the milk frother on top
Are there dividers in this holder?
Those Who own this Draw: Do U Agree that The end capsules in back get damaged. When pushing. In or pulling. Out?
Has anybody washed these? Just wanted to make sure there was no dye added to these (bought a diff brand that made the water turn black)
Where was this product grown?
Where was this product grown?
What's the nutritional breakdown?
How long will this keep once it's opened? Also, does it require refrigeration once opened? Thx!
Is this produced in a facility that processes peanuts, tree nuts, dairy , or soy? Or are any of those items in the ingredients list?
What is the country of origin or the mushrooms?
Is this gluten free?
$29 for 12 pods ? Seriously ? Less than 1/2 that price at Starbucks and even cheaper at some discount outlets. Nearly $2.50 per cup at your price
What are the dimensions of this item?
is this suitable for the old barista espresso machine?
How many calories?
what is the exp. date on the mike chocolate flavor?
Can the ingredients be listed? Can't order if certain ingredients due to allergy.
Is this all you need - Do you need to buy a glass jar to store it in or can you use a large tea container? Would plastic hurt?
Can this be wrapped up and given as a gift or does it need to be opened right away when delivered?
How long after vinegar taste is it done? I live in Palm Springs, temps over 105, n my batch from jun 23 still vinegar as newer batches?
Is this non GMO &amp; organic?
Can you use loose-leaf tea or do have to use tea leaves?
It says it makes 5 batches, how much is 5 batches?
why are you selling these for 11.98 here when they are $5.98 at Sam's Club?
Hi, I received my order, but only received one box as someone else stated. Are they other two boxes coming?
How much water and cheese do I mix in?
Anything I can do to lessen the salty taste ?
Has anyone ever froze the finished product and tried the thawed biscuits later and did they taste the same?
Does the mix need to be refrigerated?
How long is it good for after the experience date
How long do they bake?
whats the expiration date please?
May I see the reipe for your famoua chedar biscuit?
what is different about these than buying some fresh kale and grilling it? I have never bought these so I have no idea what they are like
Wish product page provides nutritional info. How much salt and sugar in these snacks?
How many bags come in a case?
is this 12 packs of 4? or just 12 packs?
would this be considered a protein drink or a meal replacement? thanks you
What are the ingredients and the calorie count
How does the strawberries and cream Orgain shake taste? As good as a Starbuck's Strawberries &amp; Cream Frappacino or chalky?
what is the expiration date on these? thanks
this vs juicing? if i drink this a month will i lose weight? can i see the same results from juicing?
Is this oil NON-Hydrogenated?
can it be eaten?
why does the pic show it Solid and White in color and I received it as a Clear Liquid (not solid at all) ???
The picture is for 28 ounces and the product info states 56 ounces. Which is correct?
Does it have any smell? (I have used some coconut oils that have a distinct coconut smell and others that are smell-less)
Is it Gluten free?
can this mixed into drink like smoothies and juices?
cen i use this oil on my skin
Is this in a plastic jar or glass? If plastic, does it state BPA free?
Is the country of origin not known??
Is there a list of minerals that this salt contains?
Can I store this in a container? Say a bamboo box (since you can just pinch this salt)?
which ocean or country does this salt come from?
Is Aztec salt the same as Sal de Grano?
Should i buy a grinder for this product, or is it fine enough to use as is?
What size is the bag offered for sale here?
How much salt is in the bag (weight)?
What am I missing here - $24 for a LITTLE bag of salt? I don't see any directions how to make it last.
Can this salt also be used in baking?
I entered the Code for the Buy one Get one Free but it did not work. How could I use the deal?
Does this bread have a Russian name?
Had to visit your website for the ingredients list. Is the lactic acid from plants or animals?
How heavy is the completed loaf?
I see that these have cellulose in them, which is essentially a long chain of glucose molecules. Does this mean sugar intake? Thanks for any answers!
How many cookies do you get in this package? On average?
how many cookies are in the package for 9.99?
how many box i gonnaget if i buy 10 pcs in one or 1o pcs for 3 box as the picture
Are these made with almond flour? The ingredients list was too small to read
how many calories per cookie?
Erythritol is GMO genetically engineered. Why do you use it in your product? Some stevia brans are GMO, carefully source it. th
ingredients please
How many Carbs does each bar have?
where's the nutritional info for these bars? How much protein, how much fat, how much sugar?
How may grams of fiber in each bar?
Are these gluten free? Lactose?
how many boxes do you get for 24.17?
Do you get more than one box in an order?
How many ounces does one pack make?
how many bottles come in this package?
How many of these come in the pack?
If it is 100% cocoa, then why does it say it may contain wheat, soy, etc. It doesn't say it was made in a facility that processed those ingredients.
how much caffeine
What percentage of this product is Cocoa? I don't want milk chocolate.
how much caffeine
My local grocer (Wegmans) sells this same product for 4.49. Why so pricey, yo?
Is there lead in this chocolate based on the recent study finding lead in the chocolate?
How much do yo use for a single cup of Hot Chocolate? Thanks in advance.
Is this dutched cocoa?
What is the expiration date on this powdeR?
is the mackerel in these cans skinless and boneless?
What is the expiration date?
What is the salt content in one can?
I looked at mercury levels for mackerel. king is on the avoid list, spanish, gulf is on the high, n atlantic,chub is on lowest. what kind is this?
some people have said this is in a BPA free can but I do not see it mentioned on the box
is the box equal to 1 cup cocoa powder
Is this dutch processed?
Is this unsweetened cocoa powder?
What are the actual dimensions of the canister? The quoted 6 x 0.5 x 3.5 inches seems very improbable.
"Do you like it" may be the wrong question; "Can you trust it" is far more important as well as being crucial to your long-term health. Know why?
Is this made in a dairy-free factory or on a separate line? Thank you
how much would be good in making hot chocolate?
what are the calories, carbs and fat content of a serving? And what is the serving size stated....tablespoon, grams, ?
are there 2 different kinds of this cocoa? the cocoa in the new box seems different than the old box . any thoughts?
Hi are these 3-d rose lollipops Kosher?
How many lollipop do you get per package
What are the dimensions of the actual lollipop rose?
Are they going to be in more than one color, like red, blue and purple, for example?
Is this just two 32 ounce cartons?
Are the soybeans non GMO?
Why is it so expensive here?
not clear, how many are in the package? is it 2, 12, or 24??
What's the shelflife of wild rice ?
Is it GE?
Is this rice lake grown?
I am confused by one reviewer's comment that this is a powder that must be mixed. I've only ever had a product like peanut butter ... which is it?
what type of plastic is the jar made of?
I'm a bit confused ....on the front of the bottle it says "ready in 2 minutes"- is this a paste that just has to be stirred-what takes 2 minutes?
Is this processed in a facility that also handles nuts?
Favorite recipe for hummus &amp; what else can you make from the tahini? Thank you.
how do you store open container; and what is the shelf life of opened and unopened jar
Is it one or two pounds? The header says 2 jars, description says 1 lb in each jar but shipping weight says 1 lb.
Is this tahini raw or roasted? What's the coloring? Raw tahini is usually white/ light cream color and roasted is darker
When does it expire?
where is this one made? israel?
Is this oil a product of USA?
Could this oil be used for oil pulling?
Can someone share the ingredient list? I'm looking for a flavorless or mild tasting coconut oil that is paleo friendly. I normally buy unrefined.
Is this cold-pressed?
Is this 5 13 ounce cans?
Is this gluten free?
what is the shelf life ??
Where is this made please. Thank you!
Can anyone report the following from the label?: Serving size= #servings per can= mg sodium per serving= Thank you!
Since Sam's Club has taken over this brand do you think that will effect the quality?
What does it list of ingredients say?
I would like to make my own cat food from this. Does it have any salt or seasonings?
is this product organic? and where does it ship from. I am leary of non organic seed products...but this is a great price.
Hello. Are these chia seeds non-GMO? Are they grown without pestcides?
Did anyone besides Martha check that they received a whole 10 lbs.?
Does it come in the plastic container in the picture? Or a bag?
Does this make good potatoes au gratin?
Does anyone know the sodium content for this?
Any nutritional information on this product? I"m looking for calories and fat mainly.
is this product gluten free
Can anyone report on the nutritional content breakdown for Carbs, Sugar, Fiber, Protein and Fat?
what is the weight of the package? the listing does not say anything except that the shipping weight is 2.6 lbs.
what is the shelf life of this product?
How many inches long are the Ceylon cinnamon sticks?
Could you please write a complete review on this product? Thank.
I just received my package! What is the best way to store these and how long will they last? Thank you so much! Can't wait to use them!
How many sticks are there in one package?
how long are the sticks?
Could you please write a review on this product ??
Reviews say that this cinnamon ships from Sri Lanka and that it takes a while to arrive. How long did it take yours to arrive?
Is this Cinnamon really post from Sri Lanka(Ceylon) ??.
Do larger cinnamon sticks have more flavor? What's the difference between 3" and 5"?
Does it taste good?If so what does it taste like?
Does the soda or grape flavor taste better?Which would you recomend?
how long it takes to get to the United States?
what are the ingredients
how much is it?
23 bucks for 1 package?
how many packs do you get?
Is the $17.99 price for just one package or a bundle?
how early did you get yours?
how fast did it arrive for you?
Does the soda or grape flavor taste better?Which would you recomend?
does it taste good/
how many calories per lollypop?
are these hard or soft like toffee?
How many are in a box?
How many suckers are in a box
how many calories in a serving
Nutrition info? Would be great if Amazon would consistently list this with food products :)
How many crackers is 22g?
Are these gluten free?
How many carbs does it have
Has anyone tried comparing it mixed with water, then doing it with peanut oil?
Does this have chocolate in it?
What is the shelf life / expiration date?
do you ship to india?
This order is for 2 containers, each 6.5 ounces, correct? at $10.95? I am not understanding the math that this comes to $1.27 per ounce???
What is the Nutrition information?
Approximately how many shark gummies are there?
is there red dye in the ingredient list?
what size are they??
How long did these gummies measure?
Is this paprika considered sweet? Need a sweet ( this was stressed) Hungarian paprika for a Goulash recipe.
Would you say this paprika is sweet or hot? I can not handle anything spicy.
WHERE IS THIS MADE?
Can you refrigerate this honey?
When you say "100% pure, all-natural, delicious, honey!" can you define these marketing terms? Define 100%, Define All-natural, define your process
Does it say what kind of plants the honey is from? For example is it clover, or wildflowers? How does the flavor compare to clover?
Does this honey crystalize over time?
The item says, 16 ounce bottle pack of 4. Does this mean 4 full 16 ounce bottles will be shipped.
Does anyone know if this honey is packaged in BPA-free bottles?
this honey es 100% from bee?
Does this honey crystalize over time?
'Gently filtered'.....this removes the nutrients from the honey?
Some suppliers sell by weight, others by volume. Which is yours?
What is shelf life
Is this certified RAW honey? Can you describe your "gentle filtering". thank you for your help!
Does this honey crystalize over time?
Where is this honey from?
Would this honey make a good mead?
Can you warm bottle of honey to easily measure for recipes
Do you get 4 23oz bottles of this honey?
Is the 23 oz honey different from the 16 oz size? The price per oz difference leads me to wonder if they are different honeys.
is the 23 oz a 4 pack as well?
how many ounces is each bottle
How many bottles of gatorade is this?
How many bottles?
What is the expiration date?
How many bottles are in this pack?
Is this product vegetarian? As in, does it contain animal gelatin?
Is there a list of ingredients
Are there preservatives ?
do the instructions say in English too?
is it good?
how big are the cakes
what is the expiration date? I will be giving it in December and don't want to gift expired goods
Is there any of these kits that come in English? I need to be able to read the nutrition facts because I have diabetes.
Is it nut free?
What is the shelf life on this?
Which do you prefer...shredded beef or ground beef from Keystone? Pro's/Con's...
You can eat right out of the can? Has anybody gotten sick from it?
Has anyone tried frying this? Whether in its own fat or a cooking oil/fat. I like crispy ground beef on top of my spaghetti, not cooked in the sauce.
Is it just one can for 10 bucks?
My little man can sit in his high chair and is eating baby food now (5 months old) although he's not quite sitting up on his own. Could he have these?
This is a silly question. As an adult I have problems chewing. Does this item have enough good stuff in it for adults to enjoy a snack???
What is the expiry date?
naturally sweetened?
Nutritional Facts please
Does this contain dairy ?
What is the sweetner used in this?
Do you refrigerate after opening?
How many calories per tablespoon?
is this product dark chocolate or milk chocolate? thx
what is the ingredient list?
What is the shelf life after opening?
Is the container made out of glass?
How would this compare to the squid brand?
does it contain soy?
What's the sodium content?
How many mg of salt to a tablespoon? And/Or what is the percentage of salt to fish? Thanks!
Where is this product made?
Is this just used for Asian dishes are can I use it for other things just to add depth of flavor without having a fishy taste?
Does this product contain night shades? (tomatoes, sweet &amp; hot peppers, potatoe, eggplant, etc)
I'm confused by the ingredients listing "malt extract syrup" as barely malt is not generally gluten-free?
is this for making 5 gallons
Does the kit brings all the necessary items to make beer or do you need a machine to make it?
So the picture on this listing is accurate and that is the color of the "Jet Black" cocoa? It looks more like a sudan dutch to me.
What is the expiration date on this product?
I am familiar with Blommer's and they have many different classifications of black cocoa. Is this the Sudan Dutch?
How much cocoa is there in the Blommer Black Onyx selling for $14.97? You may have listed that info but I couldn't find it. Thanks.
what is the expiration date on the containers?
Any idea how many pieces per container?
Are these the dark chocolate?
Will this fit the Keurig 'mini k-10' ... I have the plastic ones which fit and works fine - just waiting for the inevitable failure of the hinge.
Does this work with Keurig 2.0 Model 550
Do you need to buy the paper filters to use with this? Or can you just put the coffee grounds directly inside before brewing?
does this work with the vue model
Does this work with the commercial Keurig brewers?
I assume one pod is equivalent to one shot of espresso. Is this correct, or can they make multiple? I'm asking since I usually drink a three-shot 16oz
what's the difference with a "Rivo" system??
How much caffeine is in one lavazza espresso intenso pod?
packaged in the US, but "made in ??" Thanks.
Are these gluten free?
In what country are the seeds grown and processed?
Are these non GMOs ?
Has anyone tried to sprout these? Otherwise, they shouldn't be labeled "raw". TIA
WHAT'S THE EXPIRATION DATE? Thanks.
Will they sprout ?
I got this as a gift, where would you recommend to use this seeds?
I got this as a gift, where would you recommend to use this seeds?
Do raw sesame seeds need to be refrigerated? How long will they keep in the kitchen cabinet if I don't refrigerate them?
DO the seeds always have to be soaked? I just toast them as I do with almonds etc
Where is it import from?
I soak one tea spoon of the sesame in a whit bowl. In only about 15 minutes the water became dark brown. Is it normal?
Is this the same as Black Seed (Nigela Sativa) ?
does anyone know the oringin of this blak sesame? where was it growed?
When you soak these black sesame seeds, does the water become blackish or brownish? Thank you!
country of origin?
Are there any additional ingredients in this product?
How Long Do Toasted Sesame Seeds Last?
are the sesame seeds "hulled"
is oil used to toast these? and where are they grown?
Hi - Is it typical to get a short expiration date, and should I keep or return? I received early April 2014 a bag that says it expires October 2014.
whole seeds pass through system undigested - so if we need to grind these, are toasted still better?
is this gluten free??
Is the fat content that of regular chedar block cheese?
Is this made in a peanut free factory?
shelf life? before opening
Is there saturated fat in it? How about cholesterol? The cheese in the blue shaker was a good cheese flavor and was free of sat. fat and chloresterol
How can you say its 100% certified organic. No one can claim that unless your bees are the rainforrest. Please explain
Is this in a glass jar? Why does the Amazon header state "YS Royal Jelly/Honey Bee ", but the photograph label only " Certified Organic Raw Honey "?
I know it says organic on the front but this honey is 100% raw as well correct?
Is this royal jelly or honey?
what is the difference between the honey gel and honey paste ? very confusing with all the different honeys in this brand.
YS Royal Jelly/Honey Bee - Certified Organic Raw Honey....Does this specific honey come in bigger sizes?
Does the Organic version of this honey taste better than the Non- Organic version?
Is the container glass or plastic?
is this honey from Yellow Sptings Ohio?
is there an expiration date?
What is an undistributed wilderness?
Is there a safe packaging?
Do I need to keep this refrigerated after I open it the first time? Thank you!
Does it taste like coconut?
What is coconut amino?
Is it gluten free? I know there are no ingredients listed which would contain soy, but sometimes the processing of ingredients involves items containing gluten and do not have to be listed as ingredients. So is this product truly gluten free?
What are the carbohydrate counts per tablespoon?
What amino acids does it provide, and in what amounts? Thank you. nlt
What do you use this for?
Is this product peanut and tree nut free? That is, is there any possibility of cross contamination with these allergens?
What are the ingredients. I don't see them listed anywhere.
country of origin?
are your vitamins made in China too? I sure hope not!!!!
question re shelled was answered with one yes and one no. are the shells still on them, or have they been removed? thanks.
question re shelled was answered with one yes and one no. are the shells still on them, or have they been removed? thanks.
Are these pumpkin seeds raw?
Are these pumpkin seeds shelled?
I have a keurig with the cafare. Is there a basket that will accomadate the 4 cup cafare? Or is the basket big enough for 3/4 cup?
How tall is the filter basket? I'm looking the one that is 2 inches, not 1.5
Why is the lid missing? The others shown have a lid, most are hinded.
will these fit the 2.0?
fit k40 elite?
Does this replace the coffee packets for Keurig machines
do they hold the sam amount of coffee, or they little bit longer so more coffee can be put theme. i like strong coffee?
does this have msg?
Are there any preservatives added or are anchovies the only ingredient?
Are these the type that can just be eaten out of the bag as a snack?
Does the package contain calorie information and the nutrition facts?
I order this coconut oil and the old container says *extra virgin*,now they sent me a new style container &amp; it says *virgin* is it the same ?
Does this coconut oil have a strong coconut flavor?
Is the plastic jar container BPA free?
we can deep fry with this right?
Are all of the plastic containers bpa free?
Has anyone used this for making pie crust? I thought I read somewhere that coconut oil could be used for pie crust but would like to know for sure.
What is the Number of the jar...most are # 1 PETE??
Is is packed in a plastic container, or (hopefully) glass?
What is the approx self life of this product?
Is the container opaque (as shown) or clear?
what is the correct ratio to use for curing london broil or do i only have to use this on ground meat. is the ratio 1/4 tsp &gt; 1 LB ?
The bag says 6.25% Sodium Nitrate. I thought DQ #1 was nitrite, not nitrate? What gives? Is it mislabeled or the wrong cure?
will this help me make pastrami?
is the packaged in a jar type container or a vac pac sealed bag type container?
How much dq curing salt for one pound of meat as a rub
Where is this produced from? product in U.S.A?
What is the shelf-life of powdered Soy Sauce?
What are the ingredients of this product? Is it fermented?
How many ounces does the bottle contain?
How many ounces is this?
how many carbs per serving?
Does juice come in plastic bottle? Is it BPA free?
How many bottles am I getting for $28.95?
how many ounces per serving
Is it 100% tart cherry juice or is another juice added.
how much vitamin c do you get in one serving?
Is it montmorency cherries?
Does this come in a glass bottle? I am concerned with freezing during shipment.
what is the calorie count, protein and fiber?
calorie counts?
Where are these manufactured?
How many tortillas per package?
Where can I find the ingredient list? Do they contain corn?
How long will they last in the fridge?
how many carbs and how much fiber
Calorie count for one?
Ok, with shipping these tortillas are $2.50 each. Are they really that good? And, are they as tasty and pliable after freezing?
Do these freeze well?
These wraps aren't grain free if they are made with rice flour. How come you say grain free?
what are the ingredients?
How many ounces of formula can a 22 ounce canister make?
What is the expiry date on the bottom of the can? I just want to know before I buy it.
What&acirc;&#128;~s the expiry date? thank you in advance.
Is this an alternative to whole milk?
The top of the box is Nestle or Gerber?
The top of the box is Nestle or Gerber?
The brand on the box is Nestle or Gerber?
what is the expiration day of the formula
Differsnce between goodstart graduates and goodstart 2? Which is better for toddler on vitamin level
For kiddos that started off with regular Gerber Goodstart Gentle, is the transition to this toddler version fairly seamless ?
Is this the original flavor? I want to confirm, it did not have the fried onions just seasoning oil w/ onion, seasoning powder, and soy.
I am fully aware the noodles are Indonesian. My question is WHERE are they actually MADE?
Do you sell this product in microwaveable cups?
Where is this made? I see chinese written on the package. Is this made in China?
Can vegetarians eat this? Can't see ingredients for this package
Do the mixed tocopherols include soy? Thanks!
What is the current expiration date if I bought it now? Thanks.
I currently buy Sunflower Seed butter at Trader Joes for $4.99 for 16 oz. This appears to be the best buy of anything I have found. True?
Does it say sunflower seed or roasted sunflower seed on the package?
Does this product have a kosher symbol on the package?
How many grams of sugar per serving?
Is this product all Natural? I do not see that any where on the label.
What can I expect for expiration date?
How much needed per lb of whole wheat flour/rye flour?
I would want to have the ingredients or the chart nutrizionale please.
Does this condition add protein to the bread? Does it contain vital wheat gluten?
I already use ascorbic acid, diastatic malt powder and mono and diglycerides from another product. Would this stuff do the same thing?
Will dough enhancer do anything for bagels.. Is this a preservative?
is profession dough improver simuliar to dough relaxer
What are the ingredients please?
Hi, Could you tell me if Professional Dough Improver - 1lb Bag is Kosher?, if yes, do you hava a certicate? Thanks
are they paper shells?
They are extremely difficult to open. Would roasting them any longer help? I use a nutcracker but the nut meat has to be picked out in small pieces.
Saw one reviewer mentioning the taste wasn't as good as expected. Can any other buyers discuss the flavor of the pecans?
Is each package 80 ounces, making a pack of 4 320 ounces total? Thanks.
Is this GMO free?
Why is it 95% organic? what is the 5% that is not organic?
Is this bag full of powdered matcha? Can you make tea with it or is it just for smoothies?
is it powder
Does this have Splenda or any other fake sugars in it?
How much Caffeine is in the individual packets or in each "serving" of Matcha Dna Green Tea?
Just received the 10oz bag. Directions say 1/2 tsp to water and mix. Do you follow this or use more than 1/2 tsp? How much water do you use? Thanks
It says 100% green tea but the bag says it is a mixture of green and black tea. Is this why it is less expensive than some of the other 100% green
is this bag just powder or in separate little pouches?
Is this product genetically modified? i'm wondering since it has "dna" in the name. makes me think something has been done to that dna.
Label says powdered green tea but the back of the package says green and black tea. Is there black tea in the 10oz bag of matcha DNA
Does this have any ingredients in addition to Green Tea? Is this good to make your morning tea? I've used Maeda-En and am now branching out.
Is this product vegan? The kind folks at Whole Foods couldn't find it on the labeling (when I called) and I cannot tell from the web pictures.
How many grams of starter do you use per quart of milk?
What are the specific bacteria cultures in this starter?
Is this direct set culture or can I propagate by using the yogurt again to make more?
Anyone know the ingredients? Is there soy or gluten in this? Thanks
What are the ingredients?
Is there soy in this? What is this comment about "animal secretions?" - - makes me gag.
If you wanted to use this to make yogurt out of cow's milk, could you?
I am having problems getting non-dairy to set up. Any suggestions would be appreciated
Has Anyone used this starter with Cuisinart Yogurt Maker? Other Ingredients? Results? Thinking of using Almond Milk.
is this 2 pounds, or 3.5 pounds? anyone check?
are these white grits ?
Is this suitable for making southern cornbread? Baked in iron skillet and no sugar added?
What is the cooking time for these grits?
Are these white or yellow?
I see the bag says 2 lbs/3.5lbs, what exactly is the weight and contents of this bag?
I know that grits are gluten-free - but are these processed in a gluten free facility (ie possibility of cross-contamination with wheat)?
Are these processed with lime?
Does this tea contain the artificial sweetener aspartame?
How many calories in 1 k-cup?
Have you tried this as HOT tea? Does it taste good?
What does the use of this product help?
Is this product dairy free?
It is good for dark spot in the body? I ask tis because, I heard that in india, they use it to get a clear skin. I hope you can help me please!!
Does this product contain magnesium stearate?
what are the actual ingredients of this product. what does the label say for supplement facts???
Does this product contain ANY GMO's????
does this help for weight loss?
How did you learn about Turmeric (doctor, friend).?
Has anyone used this to lower chlorestoral?
are they coated and how large are they? I cannot swallow large tablets.
Does this need to be refrigerated after opening?
Is this product paleo-appropriate? The whey protein has me wondering. Thanks.
"Natural extract"... can you please explain what that is? From what source, and for what?
Is it whole raisins, or ground up like the rest of the ingredients?
Is this cinnamon raisin one supposed to have raisins in it?
So does the amount of time till it goes bad only start when its opened?
What is the expiration date on the Almond butter cinnamon raisin flavor?
ingredients in Nuts and more
What country is this sourced from?
Is this product gluten and msg free? Thank you!
I'm looking for a very hot and spicy Korean Flakes. Can someone tell me which is the hottest?
Does it indicate anywhere on the label that it contains peanuts or is processed on equipment or in a facility that also process peanuts?
how many do you get and are they assorted
how many lollipops come per order. I see different responses as to what people got in their orders.
how many lollipops in one order?
Does anyone know the exact ingredients?
how many per order? there are two different responses below???
What are the ingredients?
How many lollipops come in one order?
how many come in the order?
If I buy this for a Christmas gift will the Spawn plug be ok until spring to place in wood? OR should I purchase closer to warmer weather? Wisconsin
How many plugs do you need for a 12 inch diameter, 3 foot long piece of oak?
Can log with 2 mushroom variety be placed nearby? I am considering to get shiitake and oyster mushroom spores.
After you cut the mushroom, do they keep reproducing or do you have to buy more?
Does this kit come with wax for sealing the plugs?
Bad weather in Mississippi. I have some very nice red oak logs. Should I plug them or wait?
Can I drill and grow this on a living oak tree?
What is the shelf life of these? How long do I have before I must use them or lose them? Thanks.
Does the wood has to be regular oak or different variation of oak will work? I got myrtle oak logs, and would like to make sure that they will work.
OK. So I have the 100 count plugs... what ALL do I need to accompany them to grow them??? I want a list so I can give this as a gift soon. Thx!
Is this bag made from certified organic hemp and is it unbleached?
How big is the bag?
does broccoli seeds sprout good in these bags?
How big or small is "sample size" sprout seed packages you sell with your bag? Either in ounce or measuring spoon size would help. Thanks.
How small is "sample size" sprout seed packages you sell with your bag? About how much would an average package produce in grown sprouts? . Thanks.
Can you grow chia seeds on this and reuse it?
why was this promised delivery on july 3, then when i track it, it says july 10???
is this case of white cheddar cheese?
What size are the bags?
How much popcorn in each bag?
is this a good size for a vending machine or more like concession stand size?
Is this already popped?
What will be the shipping rate &amp; time for deliver one box to Hong Kong?
When is the expiration date?
Same question, this must be for a case, right?
Is this item $25 for 1 six-pack or for 4 six-packs? Seems VERY high for 1 six pack.
Alcohol content
is this a total of 6 cans for 26.99
Has anybody compared this to El Guapo? Which has more quinine?
Is the price indicated per bottle, or per two bottles? It sells for $32 for two bottle on their website....
Does this produce a water clear tonic or is it colored by chinchona bark? I can make my own from bark but want more of a "Q" or Fever Tree result.
How much quinine is in this?
Does this need to be refrigerated after opening?
Does the tonic contain any sweetener?
What is the ratio of fizzy water &amp; tonic syrup?
Do you get 2 bottles or one?
What's the quantity in this order?
what is the expiration date on them? thanks?
Someone mentioned in a review that this nutritional shake no longer contains Carrageenan Gum. Can anyone confirm if that's in fact true. Thanks!
Does the chocolate kids orgain contain any ingredients derived from corn?
Does it contain any soy ingredients?
How is the Orgain for Kids different from the regular Orgain? Is it just a smaller pkg? Or is there a difference in nutrition/ingredients?
Which one tastes better: chocolate or vanilla? Thanks
do you prefer the chocolate over the strawberry kids drink? because,I am indecissive. Thanks
What are the ingredients? They are not listed under the description. Just the nutrition information. Is there dairy? Added sugar?
Is there any perfumes added to this product? I am looking for non-perfumed cocoa butter for baking.
Is this product processed in a facility with gluten, corn, soy or dairy? any cross contamination?
is this gluten &amp; dairy free?
What is the expiration date for this product?
What is the expiration date for this product?
What is the expiration date for this product?
How could the shipping weight be 1 pound if this is two pounds?
Does the package say anything about peanuts, peanut free, may contain peanuts.... anything of the sort?
Are these raw or what? 1# package states "raw"
when was the harvest date of the pecans you will ship now in January 2015?
Are these pecans processed in a facility that processes peanuts or are they peanut free?
Are the pecans crunchy / crisp or soft?
are these from the 2014 crop?
Can this bread be made without a bread machine?
Does any Pamelas products have egg in them?
is this the one with the brownie recipe on the back? I have bought so many different ones I want to make sure I order the RIGHT one
About how many standard loaves of bread does this make per 4lb bag?
rolls
What are the ingredients?
Is this Orange Blossom honey thin and runny or thick?
Is this Orange Blossom honey thin and runny or thick like their other honeys?
What state does this come from (if its a product of the USA)?
Is it listed somewhere on the machine that it is commercial?
Can this be hooked up to a water line?
Can the refillable coffee pods be used? How is the B155 different from the K155?
Can you brew your own coffee?
How many piece of each type of candies ? thx
what is the total weight including package? thx
Can this be sent expedited? I am willing to pay for express shipping if possible. I need it by Friday, May 1 at the latest. Thanks!
How many people will the kit feed? Thanks
Are these candies kosher?
how many people is this kit for?
Can I order one kit of half blue and half green?
Do you carry this in royal blue by chance. Thanks
Does it include the jars or is only the candy?
Do this come with the dishes?
How many lbs of candy is this?
When does the candy expires ?
how much would the jars be?
would you include the glass jars please
does it come with the glass jars
Does this come in the color red
Around how many people could this be for?
I'm confused. If "these noodles are composed primarily of soluble fiber" why does the label state 0 Fiber?
is there soy in this product?
Are these noodles similar in texture to udon noodles?
what are the ingredients
What r the ingredience
Where is the ingredient listing ?
why its so heavy , the shipping weight is over 4.4 pounds i wanna ship it via aramex to outside usa so weight makes a huge difference for me
Where are the ingredients sourced from?
Why does my noodles show 15 calories per serving?
What is the shelf life of these? I want to buy a bunch, but I don't want them to run out before I can use them!
Anybody know the shelf life of this product? Don't want to order four jars and have to eat them all before they spoil.
How big are the jars?
Dose it contain any wheat or corn products?
does it contain dairy?
what are the ingrediants
Are these Non-GMO? Citric Acid can be from a GMO source.
How much salt?
I was getting ready to order and the ingredients in the description don't list wheat. One of the reviews said one or two does? Do they?
what is the expire date of the packaging&#xFF1F;
If I buy now, when will be the expiration date of the products?
Expiry date on this?
For what age can this be used? My son is 1 year 8 months old. Is this suitable for him?
What is the expiration date for this product?
I see black residue after I mixed them with breast milk too. Is that normal?
when you mention pack of 6, does it mean 6 pieces of it?
What is the expiration date of the Rice Banana Apple cereal?
What is the expiration date for this product?
What is the expiration date of the Rice Cereal&#xFF1F;&#xFF1F;
for chinese customer, I want to know how long the ship will take ?
Is this cereal stage 1 or stage 2 or stage 3?
why this cereal without spoon ? can I put any amount like Corn flakes? I'm a new mom :)
Why $0.25 / Ounce but 8oz is totally $11.79?
when does this cereal expire &iuml;&frac14;&#159;
In late 2012 consumer reports published results of arsenic levels and does this product contains arsenic as well?
Why can't this item ship to china?
for what age of child? 4m+?
when does this cereal expire?
Is this rice in powdered form? How is it suggested to be fed? Can it be just mixed with water/milk and fed by spoon?
is this cereal gluten free?
when does this cereal expire
what is the expire date for this product?
what is the expire date for this product?
Are these boba's pba free, the news reported that boba balls should be recalled due to pba carcinagetics in china
Can I choose the 3 flavor and how long is the shelf life of the product?
How many ounces in each container?
hello is it possible to froze the boba ?
How many are in the 3 pack?
what is the expiration date? how long can i keep them at room temperature if i don't open them?
How small can you get a single container?
how are they stored? Are they shipped cold?
Are the flavors we get randomly chosen or can we pick which ones we would prefer?
The picture shows 6 flavors but the title says 3 Flavor Fun Pack. Is that a typo or is the wrong picture being used? what flavors will you receive?
Exactly how much moss do you get with this order?
how do i keep it alive?
Is there any kind of moss that will grow in direct sunlight?
Can I plant this outside by my waterfall in Indiana? I'm in zone 6
Can I use this moss between flagstones on a shady patio?
I have read some reviews that people say they have used it outside, yet I see answers here that say sunlight will kill it. I am Soooooo confused.
I have a cat who loves to sleep in a window box that is full of dirt. Could I use this mood moss to line the window box with no harm to the cat?
How thick is the layer of moss shipped?
I'm looking into making a live moss bath mat. Would this work? Can you step on it without damaging it? How much light does it need?
Could you use this to make the mini terrarium Necklaces??
Are you crazy??? $81.75 plus shipping fee???? I bought this same kit in walmart for $45!! Such a rip off!
What foods are included in this?
Besides the food, is there a suggestion for exercising and eating by cooking yourself? A book ....?
why so expensive on Amazon? Walmart only$44 maybe I should check my Amazon orders more carefully in future!
I don't understand how there is lasagna or pizza in a non refrigerated box? Is it freeze dried? Do you add water? Or is it more of like a canned meal?
How high is the sugar content. It sounds like the breakfasts, lunches and snacks are full of sugar. Also, is the sodium still really high?
What is the expiration date?
does nutrisystem have a vegetarian option ?
Are these biscuits ok for a 7 month old? He eats puree's, does not have teeth but is teething, and dislikes plastic teethers.
Would this be OK for a 7 month old to gnaw on? She only has 1 tooth, another coming, but has only been eating puree as "solids" and formula.
Are these like a cookie or puffy rice snack?
when is the expiration day of the item?
What is the expiration on these?
The item description says this is "6/ 5 oz Packs." Is that right? Did you get one box or six? Thanks.
what are the ingredients? we are trying to eat gluten-free...
where is this made?
Are any Sulfites added?
country of origen?
Are these goji berries raw?
Is there added sugar in these?
I so wanted to like these berries but I cannot stand the taste. I still want to be able to eat them since they are so healthy. Any tips?
Are these non- gmo?
Why doesn't the seller answer questions on its products here?
Are these non- gmo?
What is the nutritional info on these? (Calories, protein, etc.)
ok How about the brutal truth...are they dyed, are they really organic, and are they dirty, as one or more reviewers have complained?
How do I create the personal cake topper that I want?
How do I send the photo I want to use. I don't see anything indicating the process?
Where can I store the cake topper before I am ready to put on the cake?
I am looking to get edible images of my daughter's high school logo and her upcoming college logo to put on cupcakes for a grad party. is this doable?
I'm going to a raider/packer football game in december and taking a bus with both fans and want a raider/packer image. is that possible to create?
If I order tonight, is it possible to ship tomorrow so I will have by Friday or Saturday?
if i order it today can i have it by friday, thanks
hi if i order it today can i have it by thursday. I would like a picture of stella and sam from sprout
Are you able to freeze a cake after you have applied the image and it has blended with the frosting? Bob, the owner, would you mind answering? Thanks!
how many days does the cake topper last before I have to put on the cake?
What kind of plastic container was it in? #2, 5,1 or ?
This is made from whole, unhulled seed?
I've never used tahini before... it does not have any refrigeration instructions. Should I be refrigerating this product after opening?
How much is ion this bottle of Tahini??
Hi, whats the consistency like? Is it like sauce or paste and would this be good in hummus? Thanks!
This doesn't say roasted, so I'm guessing it's raw?
I know that tahini is naturally gluten free, but does this company process any products that would cross contaminate?
I've only used thick tahini- is this brand more like the consistency of peanut butter or spaghetti sauce?
Is this made in Israel proper or in the occupied territories?
Is this a plastic jar? BPA free?
I would like the nutritional breakdown, calories, sodium, carbs, fat?
i dont eat egg, instead what shall mix with?
Where can I get this currently- Amazon says unavailable. I'm in the Lancaster/Reading area.
Buying to make peanut butter for grandkids. Seeking the best peanuts for this use. Advice?
Are these OK for planting?
Are they this years crop?
Hi, size of box so I can gauge approx how long they will last me. I always buy in small amounts.
I would feeed the peanuts to my racing pigeons. I purchased some from another supplier, but while they were Spanish peanuts they were too large. Do you have variable sizes? They should be the size we buy in the market as Spanish peanuts for eating.
Are they grown in the USA
Hello! Are these shelled?
Are these salte or unsalted?
Are these organic ?
What grade are these nuts? Are they #1's
How do you feed grass to a hot dog?
The picture shows 7 hot dogs in a package - are there 6 packages of 7 hotdogs (42) for 27.99?
Are these gluten-free? Also are they from Applegate Farms? Thanks in advance.
Is the price really $16.00 for six hot dogs? Or is is six packages of six for sixteen dollars?
Can you tell me if the casings that are used are beef or other (i.e. pork)?
Is this product also tree-nut free?
I noticed that some of the other coconut flour options, are also listed as GMO free. Is this coconut flour GMO free?
Are there carbs in coconut flour?
what color is this coconut flour, is it bleached?
Are the almonds blanched, in other words, are the skins removed before grinding? These are two different flours, blanched and unblanched. thanks
is it flour or shredded coconut as indicated in some reviews
Is the coconut flour usda organic?
Country of origin? Specifically, WHERE is this product produced? NOT where the coconuts are "sourced"; where is the coconut flour MADE?
does this coconut flour have all the same nutrition and health benefits as powder? Thanks.
how many grams of sugar it has
Does it come frozen?
how much does this sausage weigh?
what do you get for 5.90 ?
Would it be possible to get an explanation as to how this product is used and what are the results of using it? Thank you in advance.
This product is good to make ice-creams?
How much should I use soy lecithin in icecream ?
Is the soy used in this powder, non-GMO?
Is this a lemon flavored mint candy or just lemon flavored?
How many carbs are in a piece of candy?
how many pieces in a tin of candy?
Where in Japan is this matcha harvested?
Is tin a 1oz tin
Does this product have sugar or any other sweetener added?
where was it manufactured and packaged
Does anyone know if this can potentially have radiation? is it made close to ground zero plants? Where is it from?
Is this thick or thin Matcha?
Could someone tell me the optimal temperature of water to use? Mainly for health benefits, i can sacrifice flavor.
is this 100% green tea matcha or is there added ingredients?
Is there an internal pouch that contains the powder, or is the powder loose in the tin (no pouch)? I can NOT expose myself to toxic aluminum.
How long does this tin last, 30 servings or a month?
Is this powder fine enough to be used for makeup powder? Has anyone tried it and found it to be too grainy
it appears to be in a spice container. i want to use it as an additive to smoothies. is this the same beet powder you can used for making a beet drink
Can you add this to like gravies, soups etc? Thks Marilyn
Is it produced and manufactured in USA?
what is the serving size and how many mg of natural nitrates are in each serving?
Can I use this for char siu?
what are the ingredients listed? thanks!
How is this brand compared to PB2's powder?
Is this a non-GMO product?
Why does it have any cholesterol at all, since peanuts have none? Are there other ingredients besides peanuts?
what is the shelf life of this product?
The label online says the serving size is 3 tbsp....the product i received says the serving size is 1 tbsp...which one is correct??
How long does it stay fresh after opening?
Is it made from roasted or unroasted peanuts?
This product is listed as having 8g protein for 3 tsp. Is this correct? All other powered PBs brands are listed as having 6g protein for 6 tsp.
Is it Unrefined?
is this extra virgin oil
is it supposed to be smooth or with some nodules in it? I wonder since I live in FL if it melted and became solid again.
Will this product shelf life to what time&#xFF1F;
Will this product shelf life to it?
How many onzas were in my order?
Is this the new packaging "Enfagrow Toddler Next Step" or the old packaging "Enfagrow Older Toddler"? What is the expiration date now? Thx.
Does this product come as a 72 Ounce pack or as 3 - 24 Ounce packs?
Can you tell me its expiry date about Enfagrow Toddler Next Step? Who bought is recently?
Benefit of this capsules
Is Bioperine the same as BCM-95
Where is the product made, please? Is it Made in the USA?
Is it made in the US?
is this product nonirradiated?
I'm confused...is this 1,000 MG as stated on the back (500 mg Curcumin c, 475 MG curcuonoids, 5 mg bioprene) or is it 500 MG total?
How many users experienced diarrhea?
Does the 5mg of Bioperine in this product really make that much of a difference than the 3mg offered in DR's Best Curcumin C3??
What are the size of the capsules, relative to something we all know (such as a dime or quarter)?
Organic.
This box comes with the little spoon that you need to eat them??
Which is the expiration date? at 5/2015
Which is the expiration date right now? at 3/2015
What is the difference between the frustration free packaging and regular? Is it the box itself or the foil lids?
How many ounces is the single serving nutella
Is this product labeled kosher? (the large jars have a OU symbol
On orders today what is the expiration date on the item as of 10/24/14
Also...do they come packaged as shown in the box illustrated?
What is the expiry date?
What is the expiry date?
I love the product but the top of the squeeze bottle doesnt always work! Bottle is not user friendly!!!
Why is this still advertised as $2.99 a bottle? 5 x $2.99 does not make $17.95
Do this product need to be refrigerated?
Why the citric acid and is it derived from yeast, corn or actual citrus fruits?
Can you order these without Black Tea and Lemon? We have loved the variety pack except for that flavor - just threw it straight in the garbage.
I'm concerned about the ingredients. On site it only lists 5 healthy ingredients but one the comments list a plethora of bad ingredients.. Help!
Is the stevia grown in China?
I purchased these and a SodaStream together- how much should I use for a 1 liter bottle?
Most other brands say "use within one month of opening". Is that the case for these?
Are there 5 or 6 in this pack? The title says it's a 5 pack but then it says $19.95 (3.33 a bottle). That would be correct for a 6 pack, not 5.
How many ounces are in each bottle in this 6 pack?
Am I doing something wrong? I finished mine in 3 days. Is it supposed to last longer?
I ordered a 5 pack and can't get two of the bottles to squeeze out the product. Has anyone else encountered this issue?
Are the products certified kosher?
Is this five pastries in a box, or five boxes of five pastries each?
Are they made with potato starch?
What is the nutrition info? Calories, carbs?
How many boxes are included?
Do these contain Soy?
$7.50 for one bar?
are you really chargnig 4$ for one bar? you can buy them for $2 at local 3 letter stores or online......
Where is the ingredients list?
How many bars do you get?
How tall of a cup (in inches) can one use?
Can this make a mocha?
Can be used to make hot chocolate?
Does it come with coffee sample capsules?
can I order the pods from amazon
can you put other coffee other than the pods? does it come with some kind of filter?
What is the warranty for this item?
How do you get frothy milk?
can you use K-CUPS with this machine?
does this machine make a strong full bodied coffee
Are these pine nuts also from China?
What country are these from?
Are these organic pine nuts raw?
What is the difference between Your "organic" pine nuts and non "organic" pine nuts?
country of origen?
Is this caffeine free?
is this coffee instant? How many cups do you get from one bag?
How many servings is in this container?
How many packets do you drink a day?
Yikes! I must have been sleeping when I ordered this--I didn't realize it was 48 Packs!!! How long will they last in the freezer &amp; still work ok?
So I just book a electric bread maker and need yeast. Is this an all-around yeast? I like that it is especially good for whole grain...
But, I make white bread mostly. Am I stuck with this stuff? Do I need to alter the ratio. My loaf collapsed some.
is this yeast made in a nut free facility?
i used it for my bread machine for whole grain bread i didn't get to have good results, I don't know what I have done wrong
Is this yeast Gluten Free?
What is the difference in the toddler version and the infant version of Nutramigen?
what's the expiration date of this product?Thank you.
Is there more calories than the infant formula?
Hi! i have question for you when day expiration this items plz ... i we would like now answer son plz thank you
do you have sheep milk power?
What's the experition date?
Please tell me the expiration date on all cans left.
We want to make deer sausage Kind of like what a braut looks like are these the right ones?
This is my first time making sausage. How long do these casings last when kept in refrigerator? Do I have to use them all at one time?
Are these casings from USA Hogs?
Will these casings make 1-3/4 inch sausage?
i want to make seafood sausage with lobster,scallops and shrimp. are these the correct casings to use
is this the size for potato sausage?
What's the expired date or best before date? (I am asking the prime seller British Delights)
will you ship to Guam
What's sodium content?
Your description is misleading re: Free Shipping. I wouldn't order from you for this reason. You might consider updating so it doesn't look bad.
I had the same question as the previous customer re shipping and could find an answer nowhere. Tagging it as free shipping with APrime is misleading.
Your description claims this product is eligible for amazon prime shipping, but amazon has it tagged as "not eligible"! Why the discrepancy?
Is this a wheat product? My granddaughter is allergic to wheat.
how long before they expire?
how many pieces ae in the bag? it doesn't have to be excactly.
Is this one giant bag? Or is this individual bags?
Where are these made? Does the package say?
Do all of the tees have barley in them? I can't use the gluten.
what is the 25% that is not organic?
What does it mean by natural caramel nut flavor? How does this achieve the caramel flavor? Thanks!
Looking to purchase six boxes. When will you have more in stock?
how many packs in this combination
what is the age for these?
what is the expiry date?
Must it stored in refrigerator?
do they have gelatin?
is it vegetarian?
what is the expiry date?
A group of weight? Write 2 pounds?
hi! what is the expiration date of this item?
What's the sweetener? Cane sugar, stevia, sucralose?
Is it lemon flavored?
Is it ok to mix teas? Like making green tea+oolong tea+white tea together and drink it 3 times a day? Or is it a bad idea?
Is this southern taste sweet tea?
Does this work with Keurig 2.0?
how many is in the box?
how does it compare to mc donalds sweet tea?
Does it have caffeine? If so, how much?
How many grams of sugar?
Is there High Fructose Corn Syrup in it??
Is there a "sell" or "use by" date on the bottles?
How much potassium is in it?
Does this contain Red #3?
I'm trying to find the ingredients of these; anyone know? I went on a website didn't list ingredients but mentioned kosher and organic in general
are they gluten free?
What is the nutritional info?
Costco no longer carries the Mark Avenue Dark Chocolate Coconut Almonds. Does anyone know where I can buy them at a reasonable price?
Is this Gluten Free? Is it processed in a facility that processes wheat also?
How long is the shipping time to Mobile, Alabama?
i read the other questions and saw that they have nutritional value on the packaging but wanted to know if you can use clear?
I would like to make a purchase for a birthday party on May 16th in El Paso, Texas. When should I purchase?
How much is in a 1 oz bag? Cotton candy is so light, its hard to get an idea on how much it is.
what are the 4 flavors and/or colors?
Good Morning...can i get these cotton candy in blue only?
Also, I see that I can request an all pink case, but I don't see where to request that at checkout. Can you please help?
My daughter's bday party is Sun Oct. 26th. If I place order today, will it get here by Sat Oct. 25th? I know you can't guarantee :)
If I have an event on October 25, 2014 (South Florida), when should I order by?
What type of vegetable oil do you use? palm oil? sunflower oil?
Do these come in a bag?
What KIND of vegetable oil is used?
What oil do you use to fry the plantains?
Are these sulphured ?
Are these apricots halved or whole?
I'm looking for very tart/tangy dried apricots for a recipe (I used Del Monte Pacific style). Are these tangy or are they sweeter? Thanks!
Has anyone compared this to KAL stevia (which in my opinion was the best tasting before they added filler)?
I just got this stevia - wow it's great with no aftertaste! It's very sweet though- how does everyone figure a portion for an cup of coffee?
is this made in China, alot of the reviews for other suppliers say they are made in usa but labeled china; so is it still pure stevia no additives
I have Stevia powder and it is green.This looks white in the jar.Is it? Because I didn't like the look of the green in my tea.
Does this come from China?
Is there any inulin or maltodextrin in this product? Thank you
Does this product come with a measuring spoon?
Does this Stevia product contain maltodextrin?....I am looking for a "pure " stevia without that additive.
Is this Stevia organic, does it contain GMO's??? Thanks in advance!
Is this product certified Kosher?
How much equals a tsp? If it was in the product information I would have probably bought it, but I have no idea.
Is heat uses in any part of the processing please?
how is this processed? is it refined or just an extract?
What is the natural flavor made of?
How is the water purified?
Is this pearled, semi pearled or whole farro.
How much fibre is in this product?
Product details state 9 cents per ounce. Does this mean the $9.51 price is for a 4-pack?
where was this farro grown and processed?
How much protein per serving?
Will this grain sprout?
Will this grain sprout?
Is it 100% Sour sop juice?
What is the sugar content ? How many grams per serving ?
sugar level?
How much potassium does this have per serving?
How much potassium does this have per serving?
How many milligrams of sucralose powder equal one packet of Splenda?
In what country was this product made? K. Ray
Does it have any aftertaste? How it is different than table sugar in terms of taste?
After I mix a portion with water and put it in a dropper bottle, can I keep the bottle on the counter or do I have to refrigerate?
Can I use this sweetener when baking? and how much is the ratio (e.g.splenda)
About how much of the powder equals a cup of sugar?
Is this powder carb free?
The product says Sucralose, but the ingredients list appears to say "creatine Monohydrate". Which is it? I want Sucralose.
Are there 12 packs or 6?
What is the difference between black noodles and the regular?
What makes the noodle black? Is it better than the regular white color one?
What makes these noodles black and are they healthier for you than the regular ones?
can miracle noodles be frozen?
is this a pack of 6 or 12? It says 12 but when I put it in my cart, it says 6! Which is it?
Do you get 6 packs each weighing 1.25 pound?
is this popcorn gluten free?
How tiny is the popcorn, really?
What is the strain of kernel for this corn?
I noticed one reviewer said not to use this in an air popper. Any other experiences with trying to air pop?
Approximately how many cups of Lakanto do you get out of this?
What are the ingredients?
What is the percentage by volume of erythritol and what percentage is Luo Han Guo?
What is the carb count?
Where is the product made?
How is this product extracted exactly? Are there any binders, fillers or harmful chemicals used in the extraction process?
what is done to the product that makes it white as opposed to remaining golden
Several reviewers say it doesn't dissolve well in cold beverages. Does anyone have any positive experiences with this?
Is this Quietly Chamomile tea??
Is this the chamomile tea with the daisies on the box? It's hard to tell from the picture. Thank you
Is this price for one box or for the 6 box case?
is this the white sugar twin
Do you have the 7.13 qz boxes in a case?
are these the same sugar twin packets that weight 0.0282 oz each
Why can't we find the spoonable (pour box)7.13 oz. granulated white Sugar Twin any more? Looks like I'll have to go to another site to order.
why was7.13 OZ box in white no longer avalable
is this granulated white sugar equal to 5 lbs? how many boxes for this price
Are these seeds roasted or fresh?
Do you need to grind these to make poppy seed strudel?
Have these seeds been irradiated?
what is the country of origin on these seeds?
As of the current date are the seeds washed? because i have heard that they are now washed
why do ypu mess up the seeds if washed or peossesed tell us i will tell everyone not to buy
are they unwashedorganic
Are these seeds organic? Are they untreated and unwashed? Thank you.
They were the absolute best for about the past year. The seeds now are either seriously washed or treated with something. The taste is horrible!
Have these seeds been irradiated? How do we know (whether or not they've been treated)?
Are we likely to get seeds from several different ORIGINAL sources in a single bag (of any size)?
What does "GRADE: A-1" actually mean? I'd appreciate a technical and specific answer, please! :-)
From where do these seeds originate? Where were the flowers, from which these seeds came, PLANTED &amp; HARVESTED?
Have these seeds been treated in anyway that would prevent them from germinating? (Are they viable?) *I wish to grow strictly for ornamental purposes.
Are these seeds good for PST?
Will I end up on a DEA watch list if I order this product?
What is the shelf life of this product?
What's the nutrition information for this? Specifically fat content.
Is this processed with alkali-affecting the amount of flavanols?
Is it free of peanuts and nuts (with no cross contaminations)? Is it produced in a dedicated facility?
Is it irridated or not?
What kind of beans do you use to make this product?
What is the package material--plastic? Foil? I don't buy products in aluminum foil if I have a choice.
$108.99 is for 12 bottles?
Is this coconut water shipped in plastic bottles?
Is this pasteurized?
What is the current expiry date
Do these ship frozen? Or cold? Don't want to worry about receiving a spoiled product! Thanks
when would this case go bad? If buy a case realistically when would i have to drink them by? thanks so much
Is this price for 12 cases of 12 bottles per case? or is it just for 1 case of 12 bottles?
Do they come refrigerated? dry ice?
I see that they are shipped "Express"...How many days would that take to ship to San Antonio, TX?
Are they footlong hotdogs?
Any reason why I cannot have these shipped to Randolph, NJ?
you have footlong buns 2
I just feed my baby 1 oz. will the other 2nd oz still be good if I feed my baby in 2-3 hours?
Does this come with any of the nipples? Or do you have to purchase those separately.
Will this go bad if the package stays outside (in the sun) for a day?
What's the expiry date?
is it has 48 pcs bottle milk ready to use with 48 nipples or what ? how is many nipple of total in this 1 order ?
At what point should I switch from supplementation to another kind? My baby is 8 months and now drinking all formula except for 5-9 ounces bm per day
Can these be refrigerated? If I only need a portion of the bottle and separate before feeding, can I put the rest in the fridge?
Does this Supplementation Formula taste the same as the regular Formula?
whats with the lowering of calories in similac to 19 per oz???
does the package include any of the nipples that screw on or do those have to be purchased separately?
How many bags of the pasta do you get for this price? Is it a single bag, or a multi-pack?
If I were to freeze this pasta with some kind of sauce on it, would it still be okay when I microwaved it to heat it back up?
Are all four flours non-GMO
What ingredients are in it besides quinoa?
What is the nutritional data? Carbs, protein, fiber?
Hi, the image says 6 boxes. Above, it says there are 16 sachets in a box. I just want to be clear that if I order this, I will receive 6 boxes of 16.
I love strong black unsweetened coffee.Is this coffee very sweet and creamy tasting?Also, is the 366 calories per serving thats shown correct?
Can you drink this coffee at night and sleep ok?
What is the expiration date on the box?
How many packets (cups) do you get in a box?
Could I get a list of ingredients? Thanks.
Is this raw?
do pumpkin seeds contain fructan?
How should pumpkin seed powder be stored?
can you bake with this, in low-carb recipies as a substitute for soy protein powder?
I want to diversify my protein sources. Please tell me, how much protein does each serving/scoop contain?
is the product from Non-GMO pumpkins?
Pumpkin Seeds are extremely high in Phytic Acid. It blocks important minerals and vitamins in the body. Winston A. Price covers this quite well and specifically points out pumpkin seeds as having one of the highest concentrations of Phytic Acid....
Can this be added to a smoothie??
Is this product peanut and treenut free?
Do these have soy in them?
Do these come in the 14.1oz jars?
What are the ingredients in these products. Thank you.
when is the expiration date of this product? and is the container glass or plastic?
Is this product processed with peanut products? Is there a peanut warning on the label
if I buy 3 jars of cookie butter,i would like to know the expiration since I will be sending it to the philippines
When is the expiration date? Does it come in plastic container?
How many carbohydrates for each serving size? What is the serving size? Thanks
Are these Keurig approved K-cups?
I'm used to buying brands of k-cups that have an 'extra bold' k-cup. Would this be considered extra bold?
In what country are these manufactured?
What is the "net carbs" amount (the total carbs minus the fiber)?
I`m suspicious-why is carbs the only thing they don`t list-sounds like it must be really high in carbs ?
How Hungry Are You After a Bowl? I really need something that curves my hunger and I've been looking at this box of cereal for weeks. It's not in stores nearby.
Did the price really double on this?
what is the difference between organic and organic cultured ghee?
Would this work in the rice cooker? Does coconut oil taste good? ?? TIA!
What reasons would I want to purchase this rather than Organic Ghee and Organic Coconut Butter? Isn't this just a mix of the two?
Is this 100% grass fed cows? Are the cows fed any corn, soy or grains to "supplement" their diet??
What is the nutritional information?
is there any dairy or soy in this item, can it be paleo approved- thanks
What does it taste like? $18 is a bit hefty to buy something I've never tasted.
How does it taste on toast, french toast, grilled cheese sandwiches?
Can this be used to make bulletproof coffee?
Is this packed in plastic or glass?
$50+ for a 3 oz chocolate bar? REALLY?
I love Lindt. Dove is ok. Hershey's and cheap chocolates are icky. Which do you think it is most like?
Will you post an ingredients list for this chocolate?
Why did you have to put Dextrin from corn in it, a BIG allergen. So sad.
How many 3 oz bars are included in 1 order?
How many bars comes with it?
detailed nutritional info
Is this flour finer than honeyville brand?
Can anyone list the nutrition information?
is it fine enough for macaroons?
Can someone tell me what the kosher certification agency is for this product? I want to ensure that it is kosher for passover.
Can it be added to milk directly to make almond milk?
Has anyone tried this for Elana Amsterdam's recipes? If so, did it work well?
how many carbs in i cup of almond meal?
Does this flour have any almond taste/aroma? I want to make pastry dough in hopes the result will be infused with almond, then experiment...?
I know Wellbee's sells almond four that is Kosher for Passover. Is this bag kosher for passover?
Can this flour be used to make almond butter or almond milk?
What is the best way to store it? Can I move 4 lbs to the freezer in a food saver bag and just keep 1 lb in the fridge at a time for daily use?
how well does it work with macaroons?
Is this really almond flour? The picture shows all purpose wheat flour.
almonds 'blanched' by steam method or chemical method?
Do you have to store it in the refrigerator? I have a very packed fridge and can't really afford to keep a 5 pound bag of almond flour in it...
I can't see the nutrition label well enough to see the nutrient break down. Would some one please post it for us? Huge thanks.
Is this almond flour processed in a peanut free facility?
what is the shelf life?
Are the cashews raw or roasted?
Where are the cashews from? The label says "product of USA" but cashews are grown elsewhere....
Are these cashews organic?
How long will this last when it's opened, if it's refrigerated?
I go through about a pound every 2 weeks. Will this stay good in my refrigerator that long (14 weeks)?
What temp does it keep it at? Would it be around a 120 degrees?
can I use it outside or does it need to be plugged in?
can i purchase the fountian alone
Does it melt the chocolate?
how many people can it serve
What is the height for the tiers only (basically the part where chocolate flows), and how high is the metal base/motor?
does it use a pump or an auger ?
does the Sweet Fountain Deluge use a pump or an auger ?
Has anyone used this to bake cookies instead of shortening or butter? If so, how's the taste?
Is this a certified sustainable product? (Otherwise, this product endangers rain forests and orangutans.)
I need to know if this is gluten free. Yes, I know gluten is a protein, but there are products similar to this that can contain gluten. Thanks.
does this come in a glass jar?
Can you use this on hair
Does this oil change the hair color, like stain red?
Does it need to be refrigerated after opening? Thanks
does red palm oil sometimes have a dark brown color at the bottom of the jar?
Is this an extra virgin palm oil?
What are the ingredients?
Is this the brand TAZO?
What is the recipe to make a starbucks like latte? I can not read Chinese. Thank you.
You are listing Sugar under ingredients, how much sugar does it have? I am in a strict keto diet and I wanted to add a healthy green drink to my diet.
Could someone tell me what the list of ingredients includes. I ordered another brand from Amazon but when I got it , it listed caramel as one. Bad!
Can anyone tell me HOW LONG it is aged? I can't find that on their site or on this Amazon page. Thanks!
Wondering if someone can tell me if this is a reduction, and whether it is sweet &amp; extra thick and syrupy... Thank you
how many carbs are in one tablespoon of the vinegar
Will the bottle be okay going through the hot/cold of shipping?
Do you process your grains and beans in a processing plant with peanuts or tree nuts?
Are these beans already soaked and are they dehydrated? Do you need to soak them after purchase?
What is the approximate shelf life?
Are you grains organically grown?
Do you process any wheat products in your facility?
How do you deal with solid fish waste on the bottom of your tank? I keep my tank in my office, no where near a sink. This tank is not easy to clean.
is it noisy
Is this tank cat-proof? Could a cat get the top off/get into the tank?
Has anyone replaced the pump with a quieter pump? If so, which model / brand? I find myself constantly adjusting the "padding" on the included pump.
I've had 2 fish die in this tank, after following all the directions and cleaning everything between cycles. Any advice?
What are the dimensions of the tank? Especially the base and total height of the product. Thank you.
How many plants per fish? or fish per plant?
Is this tank acrylic?
Has anyone found the reflective surface in sides of the tank upsets the male beta fish? What have people found and how do you address this issue?
I have small bubbles on the top of the water....why. ???
How long does it take to ship from Japan to America?
Mine was delicious - no problems. Do I need to keep it refrigerated?
Could you ship this to China? How I write the address? In English or Chinese? Thank you~
Is this one box?
How do you ship this? Is it shipped with dry ice? I'm worried it will be melted by the time it reaches the U.S.
Could you ship this items to China?
is this product gluten free?
How do you ship this? Is it shipped with dry ice? I'm worried it will be melted by the time it reaches the U.S.
Are these seeds viable for growing?
Are these seeds irradiated?
How exactly have these been treated after picked from the plant? sterilized? heated? How are these different from seeds picked direct from the plant?
What is the health benefit of the Hemp Seeds?
Are these hemp seeds sterilized and if so how were they sterilized ?
If these are heat treated to retard growth, then how are they still nutrishish when heat kills the proteins and fatty acids in them?
How are these seeds treated to prevent growing them, that concerns be a bit.
The nutrition label says 0g protein. I thought they were supposed to be high in protein? Can you offer through Amazon for free shipping?
these are not shelled I tried to grind but they are not easy to chew do you have any suggestions
Are these shelled or not?
Will this fit any brand of coffee capsule?
What is the exact height without the loop handle attached?
what are the dimensions?
Does this contain dairy-free creamer?
Is this coffee actually wake you up in the morning? Should I use 2 packets to make it stronger? I'll be using it while backpacking.
When is the date of manufacture? How long is the shelf time? I cannot find any information on the package besides a number, which is 32911125J.
i wonder this product from which country????
How to read the lot number of the product?
why is this $3.94 at Walmart and $13.91 here?
Does the label have allergen info?
how many bars come in the jumbo bag?
what is the shelf life
Can these seeds be used to grow mature alfalfa plants?
Are these seeds GMO free?
Are Todd's alfalfa seeds organic?
One pound of dry seed equals how many pounds sprouted. Thanx in advance.
Can I sprout only a small amount of seeds at a time and save the rest to sprout later? If so, what would be the best way to store unsprouted seeds?
I just need to make sure...are these seeds non-GMO? Thanks a lot!
I was curious as to if these were winter or spring seeds?
are these pasturised?
Are the almond shells able to be opened using fingers or does one need a nut cracker? Thinking of taking to ball games instead of peanuts in shell.
About how many almonds are in the 5lb carton?
Are these salted?
is this oil cold pressed?
Is the jar brown? It appears that the coconut oil is caramel colored, i've never seen it that color before... if its the oil, whaaa?
Can you add picture that contains ingridians
Can this oil be used in dietary supplements
Does the product come in a glass jar or plastic?
no hydrogenated? refined? Pure? How do you know
is this made in the usa?
what is the nutritional info
Does this product have any carbohydrates per serving?
The "ingredients" don't actually say what is in the product. Please disclose everything in this product.
How many packets do you really need to sweeten a 8oz cup of coffee?
what is the country of origin?
is this black, white or mixed?
is this product made in china? As I don't want any prod made from China
Where does this product grown/packaged?
Are these seeds fair trade?
are these white chia seeds?
Can you eat the Seeds traight out the bag, without soaking it ?
how many calories are in a serving and what is a serving?
How many of the 2.35 oz bags come in the $9.99 deal? I don't see the quantity defined in this sales ad.
8.99 for one 2.35 oz bag of caramel chocolate candies, how do you justify that?
does nescafe come in a plastic jar or a glass jar?
Is this item truly Nescaf&eacute; Classic as pictured and not Nescaf&eacute; Original?
what are expiration dates on bottle? thanks
How does Nescafe Classic differ from Clasico?
are you selling nescafe classic like the picture or nescafe classico
what is the shelf life of the coffe beans?
Is this coffee bitter, what level of acidity?
is the bag supposed to come vacuum sealed?
Is the 5 lb order separate bags of unground beans or one large bag with 5 lbs?
What is the origin of the beans?
Is this coffee certified organic? I don't see the seal.
is this just sold out or why is it not aviailable
will it fit NESPRESSO RISTRETTO COFFEE CAPSULES?
Does it rotate?
Will it fit san francisco bay coffee capsules?
Can this fit on k cups for keurig 2.0 cups ?
Does this come with any k cups or just the carousel?
I cannot get the kcups to stay in they keep popping out, what's up with that?
Is it black tea? and can you use milk in it?
Does this product actually have TEA in it? Namely, is it caffenated?
Can I use this to make snow bubble tea or milk tea? (Like the boba you get at a cafe without the tapioca pears)
I would want this to taste pretty close to milk Tea. How much do I use and what do I mix it with?
Could you provide an ingredients list?
do they add sugar or oils to this product?
Are these unsweetened or sugar is added to them?
Is sugar added?
Do they need to be refrigerated?
Is there any sugar addedd to these?
Please could you tell me the nutritional content--calories and sugar for a specified number of grams of cherries. Thanks!
is sugar added to this product
Does the product label state that the cherries are Montmorency? I do not see that on the photo. Thanks.
Is this a product of USA?
Hi. Is it for breastfeeding moms or for babies? Moms have it or baby have it? Because it says for breastfeeding moms. I am confused about this. Thanks
And if I am not breastfeeding, I should not try this, right?
What is the expiry date?
How long is the formula good for after container has been opened?
How many ounces of formula does this 23.2 ounce can make once mixed?
Is the Saffron Grade 1? Is the Saffron ISO CERTIFIED and if yes what grade ISO? Thank You.
What's the expiry date on this product?
and does it come in the tin as shown?
can this product be stored in the container it comes in
What is the manufaturing date and expiry date on this Saffron?
What is the packing date on the box? Some one who bought recently can tell about the current batch. Thanks
what is the grams of saffron in the 1 ounce box. The shipping weight says 0.3 grams is it wrong?
On the box it's printed packed 2010 best use before 2015. I thought it is packed in 2014/15? any one got recent order
what is the expiration date of the tin i would by today, 9/26/2014?
Is it GMO free?
Can it be used for baking?
Is this oil a good moisturizer for skin treatment
Where is this product produced?
Packaging: Is it glass or plastic?
Is it hexane free?
Is the oil coming from the green "meat" part of the avocado, or the kernel/seed as well? It doesn't say on the bottle...
Is it cold pressed?
I did not get the mold shape that should have been included, so what is the size of it (inches) so i can make one myself
Is it possible to ship this product to Germany?
Is each seaweed individually wrapped in plastic?
Is this non-gmo or organic?
Would love to know what the ingredients are.
recipes
I have been on the website and searching the internet, but can't seem to find a list of ingredients. Seems to me that this is vital information?
Can I use this flour for rolled Christmas sugar cookies? I thought I would ask, because the cookies shown look puffy and do not look rolled out??
the back of my bag does not have the bread recipe or list of ingredients. Is there another way to get both of these?
Does anyone know if this is sourced from corn or fruit?
Does this product contain an anti-caking agent, or is the ONLY ingredient citric acid? Thanks
How can we be sure that it is non-GMO?
Can this be used to keep guacamole from oxidizing and turning brown? Could it be added to gummy bears to create sour gummy bears ?
what is the difference between pomi strained and pomi sauce?
What is the expiration date?
What are any other ingredients besides tomatoes?
what is the expiration date?
Is this tomato paste made from raw unprocessed tomato? I only eat raw food.
Any caffeine ?
Does it also have artificial sweetener (aspartame, acesulfame, sorbital, etc?)
does it have artificial sweetener also (aspartame, acesulfame, sorbitol, etc)?
does thie gum have sugar or does it have artifical sweetener?
Is this product certified organic and gmo free?
Is this a perennial grass? I'd like to plant it outside
does this come in the gold zip lock bag as pictured or in a plain plastic bag? Thanks!
How much seed should you use for a 20 x 10 tray?
I have a soup recipe that call for wheat berries, can these be used
Only way to eat the wheatgrass is through juicing?
what is the difference from winter wheat seed and wheat grass seed... can you plant it outside in the fall ?
Can I grow these in my Easy Green Auto Sprouter? And without soil?
Hi. When you juice this is the grass sweet? I bought some hard red wheat for wheat grass and it was pretty bitter .
Are there three bags with this order? It says "Size: 3x10oz" which makes it seem like there are three 10 ounce bags that come with this order.
How many marshmallows do you get in one bag?
Do these caramelize and melt like non-vegan marshmallows? We're going to make s'mores and I want to make sure we have a vegan option.
how many bags come in this order?
How many bags are included with one order?
What are the actual ingredients in this butter?
Can this product be used to cook scrambed eggs in? Anyone tried it on popcorn --- I love theatre popcorn with lots of butter? Thanks
what is butter powder used for ?
what are calories per tablespoon on this (or whatever other measurement it says)?
Bought this today hoping to use for my 6 yr old who needs to put on weight.Can I mix it in foods like cream of wheat, oatmeal?
Mix 1:1 of what cold milk or cold water?
What is the shelf life of the powdered butter??
Is this organic?
Does this have an expiration date?
Does it work like butter if you are using it to cook eggs to keep them from sticking to the pan?
Are there any calories in this?
Are there any calories?
How much sugar is in the diet tonic water?
what is the sweetener in hanse's diet tonic water?
Is this matcha tea from Japan or China? Thanks
Approximately how long will this package last if I plan to have a green tea latte everyday? And how do I make it (hot water, sugar, milk)?
does this contain lead since its from china, where is it grown in china, and is there test results proving it is contaminate free from lead and other?
How much caffeine is in each 1 TBSP serving?
If all your tea is from China because radiation in Japan is a concern, why does your description say "Now from Japan!" ???
China has terrible air pollution. As this tea powder comes from China, does KissMeOrganics check their teas for lead?
I would like to know WHERE IN JAPAN are these green tea leaves cultivated? And by what method? For example, are they grown in shade or in the sun?
Trying to follow where the product is now grown? Is it tested for radiation?
Anyone know if this is dairy free and soy free?
other matcha products use fillers, which throws off the actual amount of matcha per serving. what is your serving size info and details
How many times can these be reused?
Has anyone had problems with leaks?
Any advice on removing "smells"? Bought them for kids lunch boxes for yogurt and applesauce..smell like sour milk after hand washing and dishwasher..
Is there a easier way to let the insides dry after washing? Is there a trick?
can these stand up on their own, like other brands with a wide gusseted base?
How many ounces does this hold?
Are these pouches reusable? I didn't see anything on the listing noting that they are.
Are these 100% made in the USA? Your description says USA and IMPORTED.....??
Can these have chunky blended food in them or more like juice?
Do they work with the Infantino Squeeze Station?
The "best by" date on the box I just received states "12-16-03L 120." So, it looks like Dec.16, 2003, or is it Dec. 2016? Thanks!
are these teas truly organic?
What are the box dimensions?
macarron mint
is the tea loose or in little filter pouches?
which flavors are caffeine free?
Is this product organic? Has it been irradiated?
What is the best way to store this to keep it fresh for months?
I am interested in Vietnamese Cinnamon, more so then Ceylon? Do you have a suggestion? That is what I use in my restaurant.
Used couple of shakes in oatmeal; could barely taste or smell the cinnamon. Is my nose accustomed to the strong smell &amp; bite of Saigon cinnamon? KA
This product is not organic is it?
is your product grown in sir lanka, india or china?
Anyone have the ingredient list? Thanks!
What is the point of organic corn chips if they are fried in GMO laden oils?
How long do these last before they go bad?
Is this compatible with Mr. Coffee K cup brewers
2 Questions: Do these require the use of an additional paper filter? Has anyone used these successfully with cocoa, cappuccino &amp; cider mixes, or teas?
is this compatible with a Keurig 2.0 Brewer?
Will this fit a Mr. Coffee BVMC-KG5R-001?
will it fit in a K40?
are these dishwasher safe?
Will this work with the Keurig B-70 model?
Will the refillable/reusable coffee filter cups fit a Mr Coffee model # BVMC-KG5?
Is this compatible with the B155 Keurig model?
could u tell me how much sugar is in the kind bars healthy grains
CALORIES PER BAR?
Do any not have dairy?
Are these easier to chew than the regular Kind bars?
Are these individually wrapped? And are there 15 bars total? Thanks!
Is your organic pumpkin powder non GMO ? Brand I am asking about is Activz.
Does anyone know how many carbs this has? I am looking for total carbs and serving size. Thanks!
what other ingredients are in thin product?
I have a recipe that calls for a cup of pumkin flour. How many cups are in this 10oz jar?
Has anyone tried this in a warm drink? Like adding it to a latte, coffee, or warm milk? Wondered how it might dissolve...
Can this replace flour in baking?
Country of origin of pumpkin?
Can this be re-constituted and used as a puree? What is the shelf life of the can unopened?
This is supposedly dehydrated fresh pumpkin. How does fresh pumpkin differ from cooked canned pumpkin?
Has anyone used this instead of canned pumpkin to give to a dog? If so, how much are you giving your dog?
are they devained??
does it contain sodium polyphosphate
what is the country of origin? is this poison from china or thailand?
Will this fit in my Keurig K75?
Will these work in the Mr. Coffee?
Do these work in Keurig model 550?
you mentioned that is 8 for $34.99 , do you mean is 8 2 pack? Or 8 invidivual?
Can you use paper liners in this filter?
Does this fit the Keurig K40 Elite?
do they work on keuric Vue machines
Hi. Do yo need to use the K-cup size white filter with this product, or is not needed? Thank you.
Does it fit the Keurig B60?
will these fit the B-145 model?
is this a 16 oz. pkg.? did you pay $16.95 for 16 oz.?
What cut of beef is this from? Is it tongue or something else?
Is there an expiry date for this item? What if it was left unopened?
can you use this for creamed chipped beef recipes?
Is this product grass fed?
What is the weight content of the product? Is it a full pound (16oz) of Biltong?
how many ounces is this packet of Biltong?
hi~i will order this case on today, but i wonder the expiration date of each can? could you ensure all i get will expire later than 2015?
what is the expiration date of each can in the case?
expiration date?
Are these ingredients free of GMOs?
expiration date?
with or without prebiotic?
Is it supposed to taste bitter?? (Expiry date fine and freshly mixied)
hi, the important thing i worry about is what is the expire date? because i found the expiry date is Feb 2015 when i ordered last time. this is too ba
Hi , What's the epiriation date on neocate 1+ unflavor . I need 3 cases
THIS neonate is from LIVERPPOOL OR MEXICO?
Why do you take so long to ship? I ordered 4 days ago, and they have still not shipped. I have completely planned my schedule to start this soon!
Are the juices cold and okay to drink when you receive them?
Are the juices raw or have never been heated?
What are the nutrition facts for the juices? Caloric and sugar content, more specifically.
is this the core cleanse or the original cleanse?
What is the expiration date on the juice from the time it is ordered and received?
Do the juices give you enough energy to continue an exercise regimen during this cleanse?
Do I need to order this a week prior to my planned start date?
Once thawed how long can I wait to start the cleanse?
Do you drink right from freezer? Or Refridgerator? The description says once recieved put them in your freezer. I prefer to drink cool vs. cold juice.
how does it work?
Does this have to be used on white icing or could you do it on chocolate icing?
what is the difference in the topping size from the 6in round and 1/4 sheet? Wouldnt it be the same topper?
Can this cake topper be used on an ice cream cake?
does this cake topper have a shelf life or do you have to use it immediately
is it non-GMO?
I would like to know exactly what i should do to grow these seeds from the moment i open the bag. What are the steps to get the best grass possible ??
How far does one 5lb bag of seeds go? I need in order to grow wheatgrass in 12 centerpiece planters, each 19" long x 5"
Do any one know for sure it is Organic or at least Non-GMO?
how does the wheatgrass taste? does it taste really sweet, is it good?
i was wondering if the seeds look dark brown? do they look red?
Hello, i am looking for seeds to sprout for sandwiches, etc. Is this product mostly for animals? Or can we use this for making sprouts for my salad?
Is this a winter wheat or a spring wheat?
Are these seeds organic?
which one is good for skin, hair &amp; nails? for gut healing? whats the diff in collagen and gelatin? I already know the gelatin thickens.
Can this product have a laxative effect? I have Crohn's disease and that's the last thing I need.
which one is from pig and which is from cow?
is this from grass fed or conventionally raised beef?
Can you make and can (to preserve) fruit jellies with the red labeled one?
How often should I use both for best help for wrinkles. Does the pkg. include directions?
Can you make jello with the red?
what is the difference between these two, other than one is from pigs and one from cows, is there a reason to use one rather than the other?
Is this cheaper than buying in a grocery store?
Is this pasta GMO-free?
what are the ingredients?
It is Yeast-Free?
is it egg free? is it soy free?
what are the ingredients, specifically besides corn what type flours are used??
Is this product GMO free?
What's the Best Before Date for your current stock?
What are mono and diglycerides?
Are the noodles in cellophane inside the box? Or just in the box?
Does this product contain any soy, either by cross-contamination or otherwise?
Can Barilla make a gluton free thin linguine?
what is the shelf life of Barilla gluten free pasta ?
what is the ingredient list?
What are ingredients? Does it have potato starch?
is the corn non gmo?
What are the ingredients? How can a food product have a listing with no ingredients listed?
Are the Mono and Diglycerides used in this product derived from animal fat or hydrogenated vegetable fat? Kindly answer.
I have been using a quinoa/corn pasta -- with which I am not entirely happy -- But especially with it's "yellowish" color -- how about the color of this pasta? Does it look more like semolina or like -- well, like corn??? In otherwords, is it yellow?
Is this pasta soy free?
What is the shelf life on this syrup?
How many margaritas can be made per bottle? I am having a party of 70 people and want to know if I should order more than a 3 pack.
is each bottle 23 oz. or is it a total of 23oz.
Does this syrup have any high fructose corn syrup? Just wondering what the ingredients are. Thanks!
Is this non-hydrogenated?
oil pulling
Would this product be useful to help transition African-American hair from relaxed to natural?
can i use it for my hair
I s this a liquid or creamy texture ?
Coconut oil is coming up as a great treatment for oral health. Do you brush your teeth before or after a rinse with coco nut oil.?
is this product supposed a truly smell like coconut, or am i just used to fake coconut bebeet a hint of coconut, but s nothing like i thought it would
It says to refridgerate after opening. If I do, it gets so hard I can't get it out of the jar. Would it hurt it to microvave for a bit?
Just got my coconut oil in the mail, and it does not smell like coconut oil at all, it smells like cheese? Is this normal?
is it sweet, use in coffee in leiu of sugar
Title online says Pure Stevia, the label on the package says 90%. What's the other 10%?
Is this white pure stevia extract powder?
Is it my imagination or reading incorrectly, but I seem to read creatine as the main ingredient. Is that true?
i read white stevia is no better then aritficial sweetners....can anyone please elaborate on that? i'm so confused!
What is the concentration of this powder? 85% 95%? etc?
Country of origin? I won't order unless I know. Does it say on the bag?
Does your company get this Stevia from China? If not, then where?
where is this stevia grown and where is this product made
what are all the ingrediants?
Does anyone know what the equivalent this stuff is to sugar?
Does anyone ue this product for baking? I am looking for a substitute for sugar since my husband is a diabetic.
100g is how much? The price seems high if it is only 1oz. Does anyone know?
the serving size is 40mg and yet the amount per serving equates to 100mg how is that??
Hi, I was wondering if I could store this in a sugar bowl that has a lid but it isn't air tight. Has anyone successfully kept it outside the bag?
does your powder mix well with oils
How many servings would you say is in a 100 gram bag?
I am both gluten and fructose intolerant. Does this product have any sugar alcohols or gluten in the mix?
Does this need to be refrigerated after opening?
Can this be used to refill the smaller 10oz bottles? Does anyone know if they open for refill?
how much sodium?
Is this price for one bottle or for 2?
what is the difference between platinum label, white label and black label on all San J tamari sauce
What is the sodium content? I don't see any nutrition list..
Is this MSG free?
Is it 100% honey or does it contain cane syrup or wheat?
Are these "granulated honey crystals" the same as "honey granules?"
what is the shelf life: sealed? open?
Is this product gluten free?
So is it 100% honey?
Hmm... Amazon product details state the country of origin for this product is United Arab Emirates - but it's made from Strauss Family Creamery milk?
Does this product contain Trans Fats?
Why did my my ghee from your company develop green mold after opening within 2 weeks?
Is this product lactose free? Thanks
Whats the United Arab connection, what is the true story here, please....?......-&gt;&gt;&gt; The vague way their words are used makes the origin of this product sound like a happy family farm in california is making it from start to finish, but that is not...
Does anyone have opinions on "Purity Farms" organic grass fed ghee? And in comparison to Ancient Organics?Are they just grass fed, or is grain added ?
What is the shelf life of Ghee?
Country of Origin is United Arab Emirates, so just where is this Strauss family farm?
Is this product certified organic? If yes, why does the label not indicate so.
Is it caesin-free?
does werthers have a caramel sauce?
can it be found in stores yet?
what grocery stores in Corpus Christi can I buy Werthers carmel corn ?
Where besides amazon can I buy this popcorn
Is it available in stores and if so, which stores
Why is this stuff so ridiculously expensive?
is this $6.14 for just one bag of popcorn?
Is this product fortified with folate or folic acid or vitamin B9?
I am not completely familiar with this, is this the kind you make bread with?
What are the ingredients of the ORGANIC variety ... Starwest webpage only lists "made in USA" ingredients:
Hi, I would like to know the ingredients and if there is a label USDA organic. Can you supply me with this before I purchase it? Thank you, karen
How do you know it's organic? Is there a USDA organic label? Why doesn't it list ingredients?
Does this nutritional yeast contain B12?
What are the ingredients? It is very important that I purchase a nutritional yeast that is not fortified with folic acid
Where is this product made, please? And am I understanding this correctly--one jar at 227 grams, equals 8 oz., equals one cup, for this price?
Can you give me the nutritional breakdown such as serving size, calories, protein, carbs, sugars, sodium, cholesterol, etc
"3 grams of sugar per 2 tablespoons"...is this added sugar or naturally occuring in one of the ingredients?
I am new eating vegan is this sugar free?
What are the ingredients for this and your Cinnamon Vanilla? I don't see them listed on either posting. I need to make sure they fit into paleo.
What is the protein, fat and calorie content of each serving?
How many ounces is it?
Is this sugar free?
One time I found an already-opened old can of cacao powder (other maker) filled with small warms. Is it ok to store your powder in fridge or freezer?
Info I have says there is no sugar in raw cacao, but the label here says one serving has 6 gr of sugar . Anyone know where the sugar is from ?
I have bought 100% cocao with 0% sugar, why is sugar in this product...added?
Can I make hot chocolate drink from this cocoa powder or is this water soluble?
I cannot have caffeine, anyone know if this cacao is really almost caffeine free?
Does this cacao powder have a nice 'dark' chocolate flavor? Others I've tried are not dark.
Is this Raw Cocao powder same as Rapunzel's Organic Cocoa Powder? If not what is the difference between the two?
I got this package today. I know it gets awesome reviews. The package is a generic resealable bag with the label being a sticker. Legit?
I see the Nutrition Facts label says the serving size is "28g/1oz." Then, how much volume is it in terms of TABLESPOON? 1 tbsp or 2.5 tbsp?
Is the cacao bean gmo free
I was always told to make sure to buy a feeder that has alot of red on it since I use sugar water and not the red nectar stuff...will they still come to this purple one??
what is this feeder made of?
I like this plum color but is there an ant moat?
Does it come in a larger size in plum?
Even though the hummers have a long beak, it looks like they wont be able to reach much of the nectar after it gets a little low. Is this a concern?
Does the hanging hook come off? I was thinkiing of trying to use this on a windowsill, where it would just sit and not hang.
Is it glass?
Are there artifical sweetners, such as sucralose, aspertame, etc, in the ingredients?
After mixing with water, how many ounces of finished beverage will one single bottle of syrup make?
Can you use it for snow cones?
Can you use this for smoothies?
IS IT KOSHER?
Are there any artificial flavors or colors in the ingredients?
How many ounces of syrup are in each of the 14 bottles?
Can I use this to make a good healthy green drink using this and the kale?
Does the packaging provide nutritional information?
is there appethyl is this
How much of the spinach powder does it take to equal one cup of spinach?
What is the origin of the spinach?
Is the spinach organic and raw?
Is this product organic/pesticide free?
Do you have the level of thyalkoids per serving?
is this spinach Extract ? not sure spinach powder and spinach extract are the same
Does the packaging provide nutritional information?
How many net carbs are there per slice
Is it possible to get the measurements of the ingredients?
Is the loaf wrapped well like bread bought at a store?
How many grams of sugar per slice and grams of carbs per slice
How many carbs in each slice?
what is the nutritional info?
nutritional label? how many carbs/sugars per slice or loaf?
What is the expiration date on the tea?
does the tea contain ganoderma lucidum
how many tea bags per box?
you sendme this boxes in greece
What is the expiration date for the organo gold
Are you an official organogold distributor? The cost of this product is less than what distributors can purchase it for. Therefore, is this product truly organogold or a fake?
Do all boxes of your coffee have at least 4 months remaining before the expiration date?
Want to order just one flavor - chick-chick?
do these contain any dairy or soy?
are these hearty meals gluten and casein free
Are these chunky? Or just textured? My baby doesn't like chunks yet, but I would love to try these for the variety if they are just textured...
hi when is the expiration date?
does it contain onion or garlic powder?
Are these cane sugar or beet sugar?
Does the packet include the platform to hold the sugar cube as shown in one of the pictures?
how much calories does each sugar cube have?
can you pick a delivery date
Cn you order now for delivery on a later date?
I know there is no scheduled delivery; But I'm aiming for Tues 9/10/13. When should I order? Overnight shipping is OK.
Can you send this with a personalized message/note?
What size image would I need if I wanted to use them as cupcake toppers?
Hi, if I order this by tomorrow, will I receive by Friday?
I need this image for a 20 people cake . Is this the right size?
How quick does this ship out? Need it for this May 31st.
Can I get this personalized to say Congratulations instead of Happy Birthday?
how long does the cake topper last? the party isnt until may 17 saturday ha ha
How do we personalize this edible image.
How do I send you my personalized greeting?
Do the pieces come packaged individually on a plastic card or are all the pieces loose in the bag?
Does this gum contain xylitol?
What is the expiration date? I ordered before and had a expiration date of a month later
How is this stevia "de-bittered"? What process is used?
what are all the ingredients in this?
Is the container plastic and easy to carry in my pants pocket without refrigeration?
what are the natural flavors?
What kind of Glycerin? Is it soy glycerin? What are the "natural flavors?" Thank you!
are these inside a box when recieved?
Does the recipient actually have to cut and arrange the flowers upon receiving the item? or does it come already arranged like shown in picture?
are the roses red or pink?
can they be shipped to any address
Are these shipped with water tubes on each stem?
Can I pick the delivery date?
Are these real flowers? or just rags on sticks?
A message letter are included?
The title says 240individualy wrapped gumballs....the bucket in the picture says 80. How many pieces of gum come in the bucket?
I saw two recent reviews for this item. If I purhase this, how many will be in the tub, 80 or 240?
Can someone please confirm this is for 240 pieces???
this item says 240 ct but the image of the bucket says 80ct. please clarify: is one order for 3 buckets or one?
I live in the NW of the USA. can you please tell me how long they take to get to us from the UK?
Are these chips (actual slices of potato) or are they "potato powder" chips, like Pringles?
What is the weight of this item?
What is the oil's country of origin? Is it blended or from one country? Thank you.
What kind of container does this come in?
It it cold pressed?
ingredients?
how many calories per bag?
How many grams of FAT per serving, and how many grams of SUGAR per serving?
Can I see a nutritional label? How many carbs, per bag?
Is this a smooth tea, or bitter? Is it best enjoyed with sweetner?
Clarification please.... does the box have 10 K cups in it? What does it mean pak of 3? 3 boxes of 10 count each?
Is it good iced and does it have caffeine?
i have been told it needs to have a check to work in the 2.0 keurig does this?
Can anyone give me the nutrition facts? Calories, sugars.. ect.
Is this JUST chai tea and spices or is this a latte'
you get four boxes of these?
so you only get one box for $12.59? or do you get three
I have a hard time believing ANY of these reviews as they are all an advertisement for influenster. Are these real reviews?
What country are these from?
Are these roasted or raw?
Are these unsalted?
what is the country of origin?
Do any of the seeds come from China?
I have found some of the almonds to be very bitter, such that I need spit it out. Is it normal for some to be bitter? And what causes it?
How are you guaranteeing that those who order the almonds do not get an older batch as some of the Customer Reviewers have said?
How should I store my raw unpasteurized almonds? And how long will they last?
Where are the almonds from? What is the name of the company that supplies you guys?
I want to make almond butter from these. Should I soak, dehydrate, and toast before grinding? Can I just grind them as is?
Would these raw almonds lose nutrients if I soak and dehydrate them before storing?
What is the purpose/use for sprouting the almonds? Also, if you blanch the almonds for making Horchata, does that make them less nutritious?
Are your almonds certified gluten free? What are the chances of cross contamination either from the grower or during packing?
Are these sweet, domesticated almonds or are they bitter, poisonous almonds?
To maintain an FDA-licensed product in US, product must be "decontaminated". You say no pasteurization, but do you heat-treat or use gas?
Are there only 4 flavor variations in this variety pack? so we are getting (4) of each of the 4 flavors, correct?
does this product have added salt and sugar?
What are the ingredients?
How much sugar is in each package?
hi when is the expiration date?
What age group is this for?
Where does these chia seeds come from, what country
How does black chia seed differ from white?
Will these seeds sprout if I want to grow them?
Your nutriiton info shows much lower calories than other I have found. Is your calorie info exact? Why so much lower?
Where does these chia seeds come from, what country
Any traces of grit, dirt, small rocks or other debris?
Why is it some brands have more nutritional information like potassium/calcium/etc but this brand doesn't have that on its label?
How many calories in the Caramel flavored Starbucks natural flavored ground coffee?
does this product have any nuts products in it?
What is the roast level? Blonde, medium or dark? What is the expiration date? Thank you.
Where can I find the ingredients for this product?
How many calories?
what does it say on the package under ingredients and how many carbs does it have
Does this have a bitter aftertaste like Splenda or Stevia?
Are the birch trees harvested, or do they exude sap like a maple tree? I care about trees. Please do not answer if you don't know.
Does this xylitol have a cooling effect like erythritol or swerve??
Is this made by Emerald Forest? It has the same Xyla trade name but I don't see EF anywhere in photo. Thx!
Is this product actually Birch? The bag itself says "hardwood" which doesn't necessarily mean birch.
Can this product be used to make sugarless jam?
Has anyone also tried Ideal brand and how did this one compare? Thanks!
Has anyone tried making powdered sugar? Did you get good results? I do this with Ideal &amp; it comes out great, but I'm getting ready to switch to Xyla.
Am wanting to use xylitol to make a nasal rinse because of its anti-bacterial &amp; anti-fungal properties. Has anyone used this product for this purpose?
where is it grown?
"cold-pressing cacao beans"? We own a Cocao plantation in Trinidad.Beans are dried and then ground to make drinking Cocao. Can you explain?
Id love to buy this but i would just like to know if this organic cacao powder can be used for baking cake? thanks!
Is this cacoa certified against child slave labor?
does it has an expiration date???
I can't read the calories and carbs on this package, can anyone let me know what they are. Thanks
how much sugar is?
would this be good in a smoothie
IS THIS A FAIR TRADE PRODUCT?
Hi! Sorry if this has been answered anywhere else, but can someone tell me if this is non-alkalized? Thanks in advance :)
If jar has only 5 % of curcumin, what's included in other 95%?
Is it better to drink in morning or evening?
Is this raw turmeric?
Must the milk be heated or can you use it in cold milk
Does this product have a nice aroma to it? There is one review stating that there was very little scent. How do you know that it is fresh?
can you make turmeric tea from this powder?
Since this is organic what is the shelf life?
What percent of Organic Turmeric Powder Spice - Packed in Glass Jar - Pure Indian Foods(R) Brand is actually curcumin?
Is this turmeric non-irradiated, and is it chemical pesticide free and grown without checmical fertilizer?
What is the different flavors? From the black, red, blue, and yellow packages.
can you use these pods with a senseo machine?
Does this product work in the Keurig Rivo Espresso machine?
EC155
How long will they last? Should I store them in the refrigerator or freezer?
Sorry if this has already been answered, but do these pods work with the cuisinart em200 programmable systems. Sure hope they do!
Hi, this pods compared to say a Nespresso capsule, which is cheaper per pod?
Will these work with a CBTL Machine?
I have a Cuisinart Programmable Expresso Machine. Do they work in this?
How much water do you recommend using with the 7 gram pod?
can these be used in the 2.0?
can these be used on Keurig coffee maker #K550
How many times ( refills ) can these reusable pods be used reasonably ? Your opinion or research please !
Are they durable and will they hold enough for a strong 20 oz cup of coffee?
Do these require a paper filter? Thanks!
do these work with the B140?
Can these be used with the Keurig 2.0?
Does the mug have a lid that can be used with a straw?
I wanted to see if you still have these in stock? If so I will order the two you show for $19.99 each right away for Father's Day.
How many ounces is the mug?
does it include the mug and the jerky?
How many ounces is the mug?
Can they be frozen?
Are these difficult to use? to wrap your food in? do they break easily? should you do something to them to soften them before you wrap it around food?
how big are the wraps
Sorry i'm confused as to how much you get when you order? Thanks.
How many grams of following in each tortilla (protein, carbs, fat, fiber)? Would these be tasty for breakfast tacos? What's the best way to store?
Can I have a list of the ingredients please?
is it dairy free?
Is it any easier to get product in a timely fashion through Amazon than through direct order?
Are they made through dehydration vs. cooking, and would they be suitable for raw food diet (prepared at less than 145 degrees)?
are they raw vegan and organic?
Is it the same as Kraft used to sell in a small cylinder shaped container?
does this have instructions for how much to add to pasta, how much milk, etc?
is this product gluten free
Are there any "Trans Fats" in this Kraft Cheese?
How many carbs are in this product?
if this is not the same kraft cheese in the blue box where can I get the blue kraft box now?
I'm wondering about using this for a hiking/camping situation to conserve scarce fuel. Can anyone tell me how much it weighs? I need to know the actual weight to determine if it is reasonable to carry in a backpack. thanks.
How can I donate to this cause without buying one for myself?
What is this bag made of? If it has some kind of plastic lining, how do I know it's non-toxic?
What is the filler in the wonder bag?If it is foam,is it safe for our health when it gets in touch with hot pot?Or emerge toxic thing that is bad
How does the Wonderbag compare with vacuum-insulated thermal "Magic" cookers such as the popular Tiger, Zojirushi, and Nissan/Thermos models?
Please tell me the dimensions of the bag. What is height and diameter of the largest pot that will fit in the Wonderbag. Thank you
How do you clean it?
would it work in reverse - to keep something cold for hours. Like a gallon of ice cream taken to a picnic that is a few hours from home.
Can I use this for anything I would generally use a slow cooker for?
I see enameled cast iron suggested to use with this. Would a non-enameled cast iron dutch oven also work?
I don't think I'd use this, but I'd like to donate a couple. How would I do that?
Anyone use this to make yogurt?
There is a big price difference btw the Portable Wonderbag and the Wonderbag, but the description reads the same. What is the product difference?
Can you put a pressure cooker inside the bag?
Is this just a cloth pouch stuffed with plastic shopping bags for insulation?
Which pot do you recommend? WIl Le Creuset work, or are those the ones that might burn the bag? What about stainless steel? Thanks!
I want to know EXACTLY what the insulation is made of. "Foam" could be almost anything: foam rubber? what's in this thing and is it recyclable?
My house is too cold. My oven is too hot, even at the warm setting. Can the Wonder Bag be used to raise a yeast bread dough? and how?
I've just received a wonderbag, the foam in the lid is just in 4 or 5 big chunks after the vacuum packing. Should I break these up with my fingers?
Why did you stop the $40 deal? Earlier today it was still $40, not at 9:15pm EST it's back to $60.
Can the Vegg be used to coat eggplant slices so that breadcrumbs or flour will stick to them so they can be fried?
What are the ingredients are there any artificial colors, or msg like compounds?
does the entire package have to mixed then stored in the fridge? I make tofu scramble, how many servings per container, I use two egg whites. Would
Can it be used in recipes calling for "egg yolks" like Creme Brulee / Ice creams etc.??
can it be used without cooking, sprinkled on salads etc.?
How does this compare to kala namak (black salt) homemade "vegan eggs"? I currently make my own vegan eggs, using kala namak, nutritional yeast etc.
What is the nutritional information? The front says everything it DOESN'T have, but doesn't mention if it has good stuff like fiber or protein. Thx
Is this the product of Hampton Creek Foods - Beyond Eggs?
Is sthis a goo product for making eggnog? I cannot bear raw egg in anything. Thanks!
Can someone give a description of how they used these to make scrabbled eggs? I'm not a great cook and I've tried twice now and they stayed liquid
How easy is it to peel the bulbs?
hi, does the package air sealed ? How long shelf life it has when unopened? Thx.
I know that you have to store it in the refrigerator after opening it, but how long can it keep there? Can it be put in the freezer?
I know the garlic is not certified organic, but can you tell me if they used any sort of pesticides? Thank you! : ) Thank you! : )
i am also wondering is the garlic organic?
Manufacturer website FAQ said they import this garlic from Mexico? So it is just fermented here? is cooked or fermented like Black Garlic brands?
Is the garlic non-gmo like oyur competitors?
So then they are saying they consider Mexico to be North America? Mexico isn't in North America. That's confusing! I still don't understand. Do you
How long is the cake topper good for? My daughter's birthday isn't til the end of May. Just trying to figure out when I need to order it by.
Hi, this isn't giving me an option to select 'This is a Gift' after I add it to my cart to personalize it. Can you let me know how to do this?
Do you know if this is gluten free?
Is this cocoa powder unsweetened?
Does the packaging have GMO free project verified label, and/or USDA organic label? Thanks.
Does this cacao powder have a gritty texture?
how many carbs and sugar per serving?
is this product certified gluten free or made in a gluten free facility?
This product is supposed to cotain 2 lbs of cocoa powder, but the shipping weight is 1.8 lbs. How much cocoa powder do you actually receive?
Anyone know if this is Criollo variety Cacao powder?
Is this made in a allergen free facility.
Is this cocoa powder Kosher certified?
Is this cacao powder processed with alkali? I read that if it has been processed with alkali the heart healthy flavanols have been destroyed.
So, the tag line for this product says it is CACAO POWDER ...NOT...COCOA....I see that the reviews call it one or the other. Which is it guys?
Where is the nutrition label? Would like to know the nutrition facts.
Is this Lavado Cocoa? I have read that there are different kinds and am looking for this kind.
Does it contain Cadmium?
Is this product certified fair trade?
where is this from?
is there a certified gluten-free label on the bag? or is this product processed in a gluten-free facility?
Where is this cacoa grown?
Is this delicious cacoa the same as Silk Road's 2lbs "Caribbean Cacoa" that sells for $19.99? Thanks so much~
Why do you not offer Amazon Prime shipping on your products? Until you change this, many of us will not be trying or buying.
Is the stevia grown in China?
The single bottles say "new improved flavor". Does this three pack have the new flavorings or is it a clearance of the less flavorful ones?
What flavors are included in the 3-pack?
What are the three flavors included in this package? Thanks
I read that you are revising your water enhancers. Are you making these more flavorful? If so, when will the new flavors be available?
I'm confused. In the Amazon ad, the product description on their company web page, an on my invoice, it clearly states makes "180 sugar free 12 oz. drinks." The label on each bottle cleatly states a serving is 1/2 dropper and that each bottle contains...
What exactly is the "natural flavors" ingredient in your product? Is the product gluten free?
How much do the flavorings lower the pH of water, i.e., how acidic is the water with these flavorings?
how fine are the crystals? i bought some other citric acid to use in bath fizzies but i really need finer crystals, are these similar to table salt?
Can I eat it mixed with water?
Where is it made? Thanks!
Is it crystal or powder form?
Has anyone used this to clean a steam water distiller?
Is this derived from any Soy?
Does this product contain any GMOs?
Is this organic?
How much sodium is in each serving?
are the hazelnuts organic?
are the cows fed any GMO grain or GMO alfalfa?im still not clear if the non GMO verified project is also talking about the feed for cows thansk y
What are the nutritional facts for this product? Specifically the sugar content?
What are the ingredients in this set, are they healthy or not to consume? I really want to try them though so, I am hoping for a good answer.
How much it cost for expedited shipping?
if i live in cali how long will it take to get here?
is it a good product
are there instructions in English?
There is 10 items in the picture, if this is a mistake. Am I going to receive what is in the picture, or the "9 item bundle"?
can you ship to Kazahstan?
Does this candy come expired?
What is the expiration date on these?
how long does it ship to get to WA ?
I see the smaller breakfast sausage in the picture but what size are they?
nowhere in description does it indicate what diameter the casing is...what diameter stuffing tube do you use with this casing?
why does it say to soak casings overnight on your website but on amazon only 15 minutes?
How long will they last in the fridge?
These are SURE to come from the USA ?
I received the casings in plain plastic package with no information on them.Are they suppose to be an off white color?The package is not air tight.
what's the expire date of this postatal vitamin?
I just placed this order today, what will be the expiration date for my ordered items? I can't believe it will be June 2014!! Anyone can answer?
What's the expiry date?
What's the expired date please? I'm going to order this but I should not buy it if the expired date is June 2014
what's the expire date of this postatal vitamin?
Postnatal&#xFF1F;
Does this mean I'm getting 12 boxes of the 6 count boxes or 72 bars total?
I'm a little curious: what is the expiration date of this package? I've bought on Amazon before and found that half the time the product's exp date was soon after I received it. Kindly clue me in? Thx.
Hi, What is the expiration date on this case of banana bread oatmeal to go. Thanks.
So for $19.95, all I'll get is 3 qts of soda? And I have to supply the seltzer too?
Can anyone share the nutrition information? Can't seem to find it anywhere.
Great details, other than how many ounces are in the bottle. Info, please?
How soon does this normally expire? The one delivered to me today expires in 3 months. That seems silly.
Where is this oil produced? Is it a product of the United States?
Does it need to be refrigerated?
Are this sesame seeds from USA? or from other country?
Could you please tell me if this is made of entirely sesame oil? Thank-you.
what is the difference between toasted and the regular?
Why does this product not have a USDA seal? Anyone can say it is organic, but without the seal there is no proof of supervision.
Does anyone know the country of origin for this Cacao?
Is this good quality for making hot cocoa? I'm wondering if the fact that it is super chalky as someone describes, will affect it.
What is the fat % of this cocoa powder?
Does this mix well with milk?
Can anyone tell me if there is any potential cross contamination with nuts, dairy or wheat in this product?
it has sugar on it
Does anyone know what percent cocoa butter?
Is this cocoa powder Certified Fair Trade? I see it comes from Peru, where child and slave labor seems less common than in West Africa. Is this true?
Who grows this caoco for your product? From where is it sourced?
Is its all Organic ? Some of the YS labels say "Organic" and some do not. Please clarify!
Has this product been heated?
Does this have royal jelly in it?
how can the 4 pack state that it is the economy 4 pack for $76.46? that would equal $19.11 per jar---the 3 pack is less $$ at $9.79 per jar.
Is it in the glass bottle or it is in a plastic bottle?
How many bottles are in the variety pack?
Is there any form of artificial sweetners in sparkling ice?
What flavor come the variety pack?
what flavors are in this 12-pack?
the artificial ingredients are not listed on the bottle, how do i find out the artificial ingredients? bjb
what are the ingredients exactly?
How do these ship?
Why does it say 17 oz on bottle and .08 on checkout
how many bottles in the variety pack?
How many carbs?
Does this contain any additives? (MSG, preservatives, salt, etc...)
Is the turmeric raw powder or cooked/roasted/heat dried? Thank you!
Do you know the Curcumin Percentage in the Turmeric?
Are there any food allergen warnings on label? Thanks.
I just saw on Dr Oz that turmeric from India can contain lead, any feedback?
where does it originally come from. If India then what part of India?
If my recipe calls for 1 tsp. vanilla, how muchH vanilla paste would I use as a substitute
What are the ingredients of this product? Many vanilla bean pastes include sugar and other ingredients.
I know it can replace vanilla extract, but could this product be used as a substitute for vanilla beans?
The lable says "Madagascar Bourbon." Does this product have bourbon in it?
is it a plastic container or it is a glass container.?
Can this be mixed into whipping cream for flavor?
Does this need to be refrigerated and what is the shelf life once opened?
do you combine shipping on 3 bottles?
does the drawer slide open/closed easily when filled with Kcups and a coffee maker is on top? Can the whole unit slide forward/ back easily on
Will the Regular size Keurig fit on top of this?
Is this coffee pod drawer wider than the Keurig Mini Plus?
does the drawer slide open/closed easily when filled with Kcups and a coffee maker is on top? Can the whole unit slide forward/ back easily on
Can you stack one drawer on top of another?
What is the drawer made out of? Iron?
Can I place this unit on top of the slide out trays sold at other retailers that let you slide the pot out to fill and then place the Keurig on top?
Is anyone using this under their K45 Elite machine? Is it large enough?
Is there any place to order on-line?
Before I order these, I want to make sure I'm not getting taken to the bank...does anyone know what they cost at Costco?
How many packages you get for $26 I imagine we are talking about a case for that kind of money??
It is April and I live in Houston - has anyone had problems with the product melting during shipping?
What is the percentage for the dark chocolate?
Are the pumpkin seeds organic?
Is there any place to order different flavors on line?
Why is your pricing not closer to Costco's for the identical product (Costco is less than 50% of yours)?
What is the shelf life of this good??
How can the shipping weight be 40 lbs when the pail says 7lbs 5oz for this one and 8lbs for the lunch dinner pail?
Only 147 calories a meal? This is less than a ten day supply isn't it?(assuming 2000 calories/day)
what comes in this bucket and how many portions?? thanks
I am looking for "emergency food" for earthquake preparedness. Do you have to heat the food? May be without water or electricity.
Are the individual pouches resealable or must the entire pouch be prepared for consumption once it is open..??
it says 111 servings, in 11 pouches, does each pouch contain single servings?
is dairy an ingredient
Please list the ingredients of Starbucks Cocoa Mix...
What is expiration date?
Hi. I ordered 2 cans on Jan. 6th. Package was damaged. Reordered 2 today. Can I expect better packing this time?
how many servings are in one of these 30 oz containers?
how do you open it??
What is the expiration date on these hot cocoa mixes? I understand that Starbucks doesn't even make them anymore is why I ask.
I got one without inside seal and there a plastic wrapup outside of the tin.. is this is the correct package from Starbucks?
I'm a prime member. Do I have to pay shipping fees?
What's the shelf life, because it may take me a while to consume 5 lbs?
the pkg shows it's 1 lb, but it says 5 lbs on the description,, so which one am I paying for/
Is this derived from a corn source?
Is this powder or crystaline?
Who's the manufacturer of this product?
How many cups of the product are in this bag? Since it is used like sugar I'd like to know how many cups for baking purposes. Thanks
i found this product in a search for fine erythritol, but after i ordered it i saw it was granulated. do you have the ability to swop it to fine?
What is the volume of the 5-pound package?
How many carbs are in a serving?
is this non gmo erithyrol or palm sugar?
Is this coffee gmo free?
For those who have it, how many tbsp of beans do you find the best ratio for making a full 12 cup pot?
Is it labeled as organic on the packaging?
Do they include a "roasting date" for the beans?
is the coffee shade grown, low in myctoxins, organic?
What is the typical and longest approx. time from roast to despatch/delivery on your coffee?
Reviews mentions stickers...Are they Black Label Society stickers or Death Wish Coffee stickers? Just wondering since I don't see them anywhere.
Does this work well in Superautomatic Coffee makers? are the beans oily?
Is this as caffeinated as the normal Death Wish blend? Or more normal?
Does Gevalia sell just the froth packets? I had one left that I used with Keurig's Cafe Mocha and it was delicious! I just want the froth packets!
Do these work in Keurig 2.0?
How many ounces of water do you use?
How many calories per cup
it says you get a 6 pack..is that 6 boxes with 6 packets?
why did you increase the price by 10 dollars
This is less than $10 in a grocery store why is it costing over 30 here? What am I missing"
step by step..,How exactly do I make this?
How sweet are these? This is a great price. We eat dates daily.
What is the origin of these dates?
Are these dates Medjool or Deglets?
Where can I get some of this? I've looked all over for it, even wrote to the maker, who amazingly wouldn't sell iti to me.
can you post the ingredients and nutrition facts ?
Can anyone tell me the nutrition facts. I don't have the bag anymore?
Can anyone tell me the ingredients and if they contain any gluten, soy or dairy? Thank you.
What percentage cacao is the dark chocolate?
Are the coffee beans ground?
What is the size/weight of the goods in the gift box?
This description says it comes with a red cup but in the picture it shows a white travel mug?
Does this come with 4 full size bags of coffee? I can't tell from the picture???
do you delivery for Japan?
it says it has a red ceramic mug?
What is the capacity of the cup? Does the goods check with the picture?
instant or ground coffee?
so is it a red ceramic mug OR a plastic travel mug with a lid?
what is the material of the cup? stainless steel or other materials?
What percent of the product is coconut water?
What are the ingredients in this juice? Just blueberries and coconut water?
Why have my last two orders had the same short best before date, so disappointed as it is end of January and the best before is 7 March 2015
Are the wild blueberries you use pesticide free?
How many grams of sugar are in this product and did you add sugar if so what kind of sweetner.
How many oz is a serving size?
are your bottles bpa free?
how much is a case
When Will Amazon Get This Incredible Product Available to buy?
do you really get 24 bags of this pop corn in the case of 4
How many carbohydrates in each 0.6 bags, please?
How many ounces in each small bag?
Why doesn't the USDA Organic label appear on your product? Who certifies these cherries as organic?
are these still chewy?
Do these contain any oil or added sugar?
do these cherries have seeds?
Is this the type of farro that can be cooked and eaten like oats?
Is there a trick to picking out the stones from the berries?
will these wheat berries grow if planted?
Where does this ship from? Where is it grown?
The description of this item says 15lbs but in parentheses it is stated $17.50 pound which does not add up to the sale price. Please clarify?
what is weight?
How is it Packaged?
Why Cook in Small Batches?
is this really YiaYia Maria's Baklava??
HOW MANY PIECES?
Is this enough for one person?
how many pieces are there in this product?
1. For Meduim size sea cucumber, how many piece for 1 pound? 2. For shipping fee to Calfornia, what is the shipping price?
Do you add any ingredients during dehydration process, such as sugar, salt or chemicals?
How can i eat the dried sea cucumber
What did you add when you cook them, slat or sugar?
Did you add salt or sugar when you cooked?
Hi, I want buy 3 pounds and ship to China. How could I pay the delivery fee and the how could I send you the address?
Hi, I wanna buy 3LB and ship them to Wuxi, Jiangsu, China. How much is the shipping fee? Any other extra cost like tax or something else?
how many pieces for 1 pound for the large size? how do they pack?
Hi, I want to know sea cucumber you sell is wild caught?
any tax will be paid if ship to Chicago?
Is this USDA certified organic? I can't find anything regarding their organic certification or which company certified it on the package photos..
Claims organic, though? And its not?
Deos anyone know how much Mulberry leaf is in each tea bag?
my ac1 count is 6.6 will this help reduce my ac1 count
What does " *Manufactured in GMP certified factory, and Thai FDA approval" mean??
How many milligrams of white mulberry per serving?
Are these 100% white mulberry tea leaves?
is this Dutch processed at all, or alkalinized?
Can this be used to make a good tasting "hot chocolate". &amp; would teens &amp; kids like it also?
gluten free? thanks
Does this have cadmium?
Is there ANY dairy in this cacao powder?
I notice serving 2.5 g, which is 0.176 Tbsp, that's very little w/ Alot of fat at 1.5g compared 2/others at 1 tblsp, being 1g fat. Is this RIGHT??
What is the mgs of flavanols per mgs of cocoa. Another cocoa product lists that there is 5000 mg of flavanols per 100 mg of cocoa.
How do you make hot chocolate out if it? Does it need to be cooked or simply added to hot water or milk?
If the nutrition facts are fabricated, how do you trust the rest of it? (i.e. 2.5gm serving has 5 gm fiber, 2.5 gm fat etc)
How many calories and carbs in this organic cocoa?
Is this more about potassium than flavor? I want to make instant banana pudding mixes and need dried banana powder. Will this work for that or is this ore of a medicine than a cooking/baking, smoothie or pudding ingredient?
How much powder is equivalent to a whole banana?
Will this work for making homemade instant banana pudding mix?
anyone use them with a B40 Keurig
Do these fit the Mr. Coffee BVMC-KG6BL-001 machine.
do these work for a Keurig k10 mini plus?
These look from the picture to be similar to the Perfect Pod EZ cup. But those are fairly expensive each. Has anyone bought both to compare?
Anyone use them with a K45?
can i use in keurig 2.0
Do these cups fit the keurig K75 Platinum
Will these k cups ( ** SIX Pack ** Handy Cups Reusable K-cups) work in my Hamilton Beach 49999A FlexBrew Single-Serve Coffeemaker
Is it compatible for Keurig B160 model ?
Do these fit Keurig B145?
Does the clear pkging bother anyone else? Light rapidly ruins tea.
Looking at the pile of tea and I assume that is how I would receive the purchase in a Freeze-All plastic bag, how can one tell what is actually in?
What's the caffeine content?
The e-mail for this company info@positivelytea.com is invalid. How can I contact them?
What organization certified this tea as organic?
Hi, what country does this tea come from?
how long does it usually take to receive this since it's coming from japan?
Is this edible?
How long do you think it will take to get to phoenix, az?
does the funny cake taste good?
How much more is it if you do the expedited shipping?
Could you tell me what country of origin?
what is the best way to preserve them, leave in pouch unopened? refrigerator?
Where is the expiration date and how to read it?
product of china?
Is the total weight 15.6 ounces?
I've had the slice cheese in this brand and it was awful. does this taste anything like the sliced???? thanks!
Before open the canisters for first time, is it not necessary to refrigerate them?? The parmesan cheese can pass several days outside the refrigerator
What is the sodium content?
What is the ingredient list please?
What is the packaging? I am avoiding plastics.
What country is this tea sourced from?
How close is this in flavor to Twinning's Irish Breakfast tea?
How much caffeine does a cup of this tea have compared to a cup of coffee? I would like to replace my morning coffee with tea. Thanks
Is this a pure black tea, or, are there added fragrances and oils? I ordered your Earl Grey tea to make Kombucha, but it has bergamot orange oil.
How much tea to 8 ounces of water 1 teaspoon or is it a 1/2- 2 tablespoon like bag say's
Is this tea whole or cut up leaves? Thanks.
What grade of tea is this? I saw the assam listed as TGFOP, what is the difference between this and that?
Is this specific product, gelatinized? Is it filler free?
does it contain GMO's
What would you say is the caloric count on this. I purchased it and there is such a wide range on calories of different brands? No nutr. label on min
Why is this $22 more than the last time I purchased it?!
If I buy this will I have to cook it
Does any one know how to make the taste of this stuff tolerable. I have eaten many things in my life but this stuff is unbelievably disgusting.
expiration date?
Anybody else get gritty sediment at bottom? Ive purchased maca from other sites and it disolved much better.not very fresh/nutty either
What is the sugar content per serving? most maca other brands have picture of the label that beaks down by carbs, sugar, protein on back side of pack?
What color maca is this? I currently use this one and it does not specify color.
how many bags do you get for this price.....that is me is a lot of money for one bag
ARE THESE GLUTEN FREE?
So these are NOT real? They are made out of rice and peaproducts?
Are these reconstituted into the shape of peas, or are they somehow dried as whole pea pods?
Are they a Kosher product? There do not seem to be any non-Kosher ingredients but the factory says they manufacture shrimp products
What's the carb content on these?
What isle in your local market would you find these in exactly?
how many 20 oz bags do you get for $22?
This bag is not completely sealed. I have a 3/4 inch gap at the top of the package. Should I return them?
is this product made in USA or from China?
Do these need to be rinsed before consumed?
Are these goji berries sulphered?
Did anyone see that the production date is 06/11/13, over one year old; it also says "one year shelf life"; I am confused
Who make sure these are really "kosher"
Are these berries pesticide and chemical free?
A follow-up question on the product origin: since it is from China, could you let us know how you get comfortable with the quality of the product? tks
in the online image of the goji berry package, it says the date of production is june 2013 with one year shelf life... are there newer berries currently in stock?
Is there any added sugar to your product?
What is the difference between coconut cream concentrate and coconut oil. Do you have both for sale with Amazon?
Is plastic container BPA free?
is there an odor and coconut taste?
What size container?
I need full ingredients please, specifically if there is soy, soy lecethin or dairy in the bar, thanks
Is the Green &amp; Blacks 85% processed with Alkali, also called "dutching"?
Why does some of your dark chocolate 85% caco have 5 grams of sugar and others have 8 grams of sugar?
Does every pack has individual package, or are they just wrapped with wilver paper?
Hi, I live on Long Island. Do you think it will melt in transit?
Why does it say free shipping and when I try to checkout I am charged shipping?
Is it wrapped in foil inside or is it a paper/foil hybrid or just paper maybe?
Can you pack this in a cold pack, I live in SC and it has melted before on other orders
When will these be available for the Keurig 2.0 brewers?
is this for the tassimo machine
Is this for 72 cups?
can I order a 6 pack of 12, 1 decaf, 1 french, and 4 regular in the same order?
Is this price for 72 K-cups?
same question - exactly how many K cups are included here? Thanks.
How many cups are actually in this... 12x6=72 cups?
how many servings are in a bottle
Is raw better than not raw?
hou many calories ?
is the contents in a glass container?
Does this syrup seem to evacuate in the refridgerator
Is it supposed to be refrigerated after opening?
Is this product 100% pure yacon syrup?
What's the difference between the Raw Yacon Syrup &amp; sipmly the Yacon Syrup?
What is the best way to store this? I have bought another brand with the plastic bottle and keep in my cabinet and it becomes solid and I can't use.
Can you verify the FOS content of this product?
Is the can BPA free?
Where is this tuna packed?
is this U.S.A product?? ...Is it an American company???
Do you recommend draining the water before eating the Skipjack? Another brand recommends not to drain theirs so all the Omega3 can be consumed...
How does your Skipjack compare to Wild Planets LOW Mercury, HIGH Omega3 advertising?
Where is this tuna caught from?
Sounds wonderful! But..... needs to be in bpa-free cans before I will buy it. Does anyone know if it is?
Will this hold vertuoline capsules?
will it hold the citiz plus the milker and what are the dementions
This may be an odd question. But I see that it is 15x13. Can anyone tell me if that is measured by width x length or the opposite?
Can it hold Latissima Plus weight?
Is there any type of spring or something to keep the pods to the front as they get used so I don't have to go fishing for them?
Will a Citiz &amp; Milk machine fit on top of this?
is this tall enough to fit normal sized shot glasses?
Would this work for spools of thread?
The coffee machine has a vibration when making coffee, okay, if that be?
Does anyone use these for either water color or acrylic paints that they have mixed up?
I see that the label says organic, but is there a USDA CERTIFIED ORGANIC STAMP ON THE BOTTLE?
Can you tell me if it is really thick or not? I have a different brand now that is pretty thick, so I was just wondering if this one is too?
Why is the pictured product labeled organic while the bottle I received is not so labeled?
Did anyone who purchase this item had to pay shipping when it says free shipping? Amazon is charging $3.99 for shipping. I live in Florida
Does it need to store in refrigerator after open?
It states that cooking the syrup destroys it's properties - is the same true then for using it in hot coffee?
What is meant by "this syrup contains up to 50% of FOS (fructooligosacharides)"? Does it have 50% FOS or not? What other ingredients does it contain?
Is this made from the roots or leaves? What other ingredients are in this product?
Could u please tell me the expires date of this product? Thanks!
Are these beans oily? I am wondering these are suitable for super automatic machines.
Why is the packaging brown instead of the way it is advertised in white? Am I getting different coffee or what? Please advise.
What is the FOS?
How many calories in a serving?
is it 100% syrup?
I orderd the Yucan Syrup 5 bottles, buy 3, and get two free. Plus it said free shipping. But on my confiramtion it shows shipping cost of $12.99
how many oz is thr $49.99 bottle
How do you get it back to liquid once it dries? Half way in the syrup gets hard and won't come out .
Is anyone else having problems getting the syrup out of the bottle. It seems to settle (fiber?) to the bottom and can't get out, what a waste.
Mine got hard and dried out, using daily and about ten after I started using it what was left in the bottle got hard and dried out. Is this normal?
Why is the fiber percentage on the label 0% when Yacon syrup is supposed to be full of good fiber?
Why does the yacon syrup taste and look different than the the syrup at the health food store?
Are these Kosher Pareve? Is this written anywhere on the package?
Are these individually wrapped, by chance?
What size are the gum balls?
how many gumballs in each 5 pound bag?
Would command strips by 3M help make it more sticky? The product seems well made but the adhesive did not stick so well, so this is now on the counter
Is there any way at all to screw this to the bottom of the cupboard with your own screws?
Would this hold Dolce Gusto capsules?
Can i store tea bags in it? does it have holes underneath?
I would like to know if it has dividers in it &amp; if so are they removeable? I would like to store something else in it. Is there a weight limit it can hold?
is the depth more than 11 inches with the little handle?
how many inches does it drop down when pulled out?
will this hold the new 2.0 carafe cups?
does this holder come with screws or just the tape?
I bought it, and mounted it perfectly. The magnets won't hold it closed. It drops back open. Any suggestions?
What is the shelf life of this product? If I order right now what will be the expiration date of the bottle I purchase?
How many ounces are in the bottle?
how much is in the bottle, what are the nutrition numbers
what are the ingredients?
How long does it take to ge into your systen
How can I tell if it's really 100% pure yacon syrup and not molasses or something else?
lose weight fast?
If I mix this into my hot coffee will it kill the prebiotics in this product?
Is this the recommeded by Dr. Oz on his program
Does it have to be refrigerated after opening?
Your ingredients says that it contains up to 50 percent FOS. How do I know that it doesn't contain as little as 1 percent FOS?
How can I get the last 1/3 of the syrup to pour as easily as it does when first opened?
Is this product organic?
I wanted to know if they are actually blue or more of a purple, I order some from another seller and they were purple with a touch of blue.
Do the orchids arrive exactly as photographed? Or do I need to order in advance and allow time for orchids to bloom in time for my event?
Do the orchids arrive exactly as photographed? Or do I need to order in advance to allow time for flowers to bloom for my event?
I am very interested in these orchids but could you tell me if they are "Blue Bom" or just "blue" dendrobiums?
If they are submersed in water for a wedding center piece will the dye turn the water blue?
Are there going to be more of these available soon? I need 3 stacks for a wedding on March 8th. Also is there any way to make them all blue?
how many blooms come on a stem?
Is this product gluten free?
Hey - how many ounces are in the bottle? Thanks!
Is this made in USA?
This is my second brand trying Yacon, the first brand was thicker like breakfast syrup, this brand is thin like water. Did I get a bad one ?
You claim that this product is raw, but I received the product and the label only says that it is organic. How do you know it is raw?
You claim the product is certified organic. I asked that question a year ago and have not received proof of it. Can you plase post your certification.
How much FOS does it have?
Does it have a chocolate flavor and dark color? OR is it like honey and runny? Seems there are two different products being reviewed.
Are you going to respond to my previous question asking if I could get a credit for some leaking into the bubble wrap?
Why is this brand bitter &amp; so much lighter &amp; thinner comp. to the other 2 brands I've tried? Just rec'd &amp; I'm shocked/disappointed. Tastes awful.
dishwasher safe?
Can you store the powder in the 3 storage compartments in the container, while drinking a shake? I.e., If I add powder+liquid then reinsert the 3?
Is it BPA free?
Does this item have markets to measure the ounces of liquid?
And what about the KEURIG B60 ? Will these fit?
Will this fit a B140 Keurig?
how much coffee will this refillable K-cup hold?
Will this brew any size cup in the 2.0?
What is the difference between these and http://www.amazon.com/Ekobrew-Refilla...
Has anyone used these in a 2.0? Do they work?
Will these fit the Keurig K40
I bought these and have been trying to get the grind right so that there isn't sludge in the bottom of the cup. Any suggestions to get rid of sludge?
will this fit Kuerig b130 Model?
Will these work on my Kuerig K75 Model? couldnt find that out in description?
What are the ingredients? Is there any added sugars?
Please, are these chewy or crisp? Thank you.
how many grams are in this 1 pound? need it for a recipe so i know how much to order thanks in advance
How much do you get in this package?
What is the country of origin on this food item?
Does this come with the eco cup?
How do you use this product when using your own coffee. Do you just use the eco filter or the eco filter inside the cup?
Can you use a refillable k cup in this?
How can I use k cups in my vue?
We got rid of our Vue, can the inner cup be filled and used in a regular Keurig?
Is this the newest model?
I just tried this for the first time and my coffee was full of coffee grounds. What is the problem?
The dunkin donuts k cups don't seem to fit properly in this for my vue v700 even though it says its compatible on the box...anyone else have this?
Is this compatabile with the Keurig K2, model 550?
Why do I get a cup full of coffee grounds every time I try to use the K2V?
The item title states, "...3.75 oz. (8 pack)...". So, $5.99 + shipping = 8 boxes? And each box has 12 pieces? Please clarify. TY
The item title states, "...3.75 oz. (8 pack)...". So, for $5.99 + shipping, you are selling 8 boxes? And each box has 12 pieces
The item title states, "...3.75 oz. (8 pack)...". So, for $5.99 + shipping, you are selling 8 boxes? And each box has 12 pieces
The item title states, "...3.75 oz. (8 pack)...". So, for $5.99 + shipping, you are selling 8 boxes? And each box has 12 pieces
How do I mix it with cold milk?
How is this powder processed?
Has anyone made chocolate bars with this? If so, what results?
Hi! I was wondering what the typical calorie content is per serving (also what is considered a serving)
What is the percentage of raw cacao? Please also confirm that it is dark cacao.
Which certifying body deemed your product Fair Trade? I don't recognize your Fair Trade logo. Thanks!
what kind is this cacao ,dark or regular?-thanks
Do you carry this also in raw criollo cacao nibs?
Is this product certified organic?
Does this product have soy in it
I have a large 85lb Golden Retriever who loves tug of war but being a small girl have a hard time playing too long do you think he would snap this?
my dog has pulled stake and all right out of ground 3 times and it seems very low for his size. Any suggestions on how to keep in ground
What is the length of the rope? Trying to figure out the radius of distance that the play area would be.
I have a 2yr old Chocolate Lab, 90lbs, a very strong puller. Will the XL hold up ok? anyone else have a Large Lab that is using this?
How do you put the pole in the ground?
Can this toy withstand pulling from huge dogs? How deep does the base go?
if i buy it now,what is the expire date for this product?
If I buy it now, what's the product date and expiration date? Can it be shipped to China?
do these dissolve easily in a young baby's mouth?
What is the youngest recommended age these should be given to a baby?
what is the expire date for this product?
How much sodium per serving? (How much is a serving?)
HOW MUCH SUGER?
What size is each package?
Are all 6 of these varieties gluten free? The photo and description says they are but the other item description of the banana puffs includes gluten.
The description says if you use it in deserts you get that salty sweet taste that everyone loves. If it has no salt, how is that possible?
can you use it to cook eggs?
what are the ingredients? Does it have any hydrogenated oils or nitrites?
Can anyone tell me how close this comes 2 REAL OLDFashioneded bacon grease that I USED to be able 2 get from REAL bacon 2 flavor green beans?
Can you store it in the pantry or the refrigerator?
I noticed that some stated that the ONLY thing negative in the reviews was that some of the jars leaked. Mine didn't, but was the issue resolved?
Does it have salt in it that comes from the bacon itself?
How much sodium?
What is the shelf life?
I'd like to use this every day instead of taking ibuprofen for my back pain. Will this be as effective as ibuprofen?
Hi there. I just received my supplements and it seems they simply contain turmeric rather than isolated curcumin. Is this true?
Is there any kind of RICE ingredient/product in this product?
CURCUMIN with vioperine was the topic on brain fogginess as being very effective. Do you have any information on that subject? Thank you
On average, when should one start to see results? I am taking this for neck pain.
how many mg of bioperine?
what is bioperene
Is it dairy-free?
How do I know I can trust this product?
is this product lactose free
Does this product come from yacon root or something other like yacon seed or leaf?
it says "hints of chocolate, brown sugar and vanilla for an indescribably delicious taste!" is this stuff added into it?
Is this product at least 50% FOS?
Why does this yacon syrup have 13 calories per teaspoon when all the other yacon syrups I have seen have 7 calories per teaspoon? Can anyone explain?
What makes this premium?
Does this yacon come from S. Amer?
Why does that last inch of product become so thick it is no longer useable?
Others had mentioned other ingred in it, what is it?
Does the bottle say manufactured in the USA and FDA approved?
Can water be added to this product to make it easier to pour?
these were just on here for 49 count for $49 a few weeks ago! how did the price double? Its not a bulk discount if its cheaper to buy them in sm pkg
How are these packaged--a big bag of 7 packages, or all 49 in one big bag?
How long do they keep before they spoil? After being opened? Before? Thanks!
Can they be tried like for eggroll
It says "free shipping" but then says "plus $5.95". I have Amazon Prime and would like to order, but wish to know what the deal is? Anyone know?
Will these be returning to Prime?
Can these wraps be froze
Is the bag resealable? I have had problems with these wraps drying out in the past and breaking.
Are these a raw food or a cooked food?
How many packets are included in this price? It seems an awful lot for one 12-ounce package.
What if one does not have a pizza stone? Will it turn out well on a regular pre-heated pizza pan?
How much is a serving?
Does this product have any soy in it?
what is the fat count and also what is the calories count and the sodium count?
So no starch in this product?
I wanted to make sure that this is Soy Free too, is it?
what are the ingredients????
Why did they remove it from Prime? :( Will it be back?
What is the carb count?
taste
How much is not too much ..I used a tablespoon and it was soooo strong I poured in large glass of ice water and now it's great but that first sip :(
What is the country of origin?
Is it 1.2 lb or 9 oz for $38?
What is the free gift?
Why does it say 6.2 ounces of Matcha, and 10 free bags of brown rice tea (with matcha), but the shipping weight is 5.6 ounces? Hmmmm.
where is it from
where is this grown? does it contain lead or radiation, lead being from china radiation from japan?
can you grow these chia seeds into sprouts
are these salba chi seeds?
I see two packages n picture. I assumed I was purchasing two? Is this an error..I received ONE...HUH???????
The listing is confusing. You state that it's "Organic Grown Raw" however the packaging doesn't show this information. Front/back pics would b helpful
Can I use it while pregnancy?
is this product USDA Organic, raw, vegan? thanks.
Do these Chia seeds give energy? like, to help exercising?
what is the other 5 %
Does this contain maltodextrin?
Where is this Stevia manufactured?
What percentage of your "Pure Bulk Powder" is actually Stevia?
I know "buttermint" is part of the title but do these mints list any dairy in the ingredients?
Are they soft mints or Hard as Rock?
Are the mints themselves colored or white?
how many mints are in each pack.. one or two.?
what is the expiration date on the mints?
Can I get them personalized, and how quick can they be shipped?
How many servings based on cups do each of these containers hold?
How long do the Boba juice balls last after opening. And what is the shelf life before opening?
Do these contain gelatin?
How many ounces is each container?
what are the flavors? and can we pick before we buy?
Do you ship to Puerto Rico?
Do you ship to the uk?
Can these berries be grown hydroponic?
How large do the strawberries get?
Did anyone get instructions? I ordered 10 plants, description says 3 pounds but it is only a few ounces in a bubble envelope shipped USPS.
What variety of strawberries are these?
Are these plants from organic seeds?
When should these plants be planted outdoors?
Should the flowers be picked off in the spring until July 1 as I have read?
Hi i would like to know how old the plants are. Thanks
Can I have one of these boxes shipped to an APO AE address?
can you identify the snacks in this box
does this box contain any porcine products ?
Hello - The products pictured seem to be different than the products listed in the description. Which is accurate? Thanks in advance...
Why do i see three pistachios in the pic but only two listed in the description?Also when i coount what is in the description it is not 45.
Do these snacks have MSG?
Is there a nut-free version available? Our school does not allow kids to bring nuts.
Good for toddlers?
Is there any way to leave a gift message with this box or purchase something else that can have a gift message?
About how big are the chicken chunks?
It says human grade- does this mean I can cook with it?
How many bags?
Our 18 y/o is hyperthyroid and on a low iodine diet. Any idea on the iodine or salt content?
Does anyone know where the chicken comes from? I know it says made in the USA, but that doesn't mean it isn't chicken from China!
Does this crumble easily? I'm looking for on I can "dust" my diabetic kitty's food with (often the only way he'll eat)....
How long will the vanilla stay fresh once opened?
is this supposed to be fragrant? because mine has no vanilla smell at all -- and not much taste that I can tell. Did I get an old batch?
The nutrition info says that there are 12g of sugar in 1 tsp of the powder. But 1 tsp of pure sugar only contains 4g of sugar. Do you add sugar?
What is added to your product to make the sugar content 12g per serving?
On the label it says that there are 12g of sugar per serving. What is added to make the sugar content of your product so high in sugar?
Is there any alcohol used in the process of making this product? Thanks.
According to the nutrition info there are 224g when there are really 113g. How many level tsp. are there on avg? 56 is wrong if they're 4g/tsp.
What would be the substitution in a recipe that calls for vanilla extract? Is it a 1:1 ration?
What type of vanilla beans are used and how are they processed?
Do you see variations in batches or are they tested from time to time? The powder I received today has very little smell and no flavor hot or cold. Tried it in hot chai tea, on fresh fruit, and in plain yogurt. Only way I knew I added it was the brown...
How are the juices packed? Are they using ice packs?
my product arrived today; want to start on weekend....but no literature or instructions with product!?!???
Once my juice arrives, how long do I have to wait to consume them? Can I freeze them?
What vegetables/fruit can or should be consumed during the three day cleanse?
How much sugar is in each of them?
The company's website has several cleanses. Which cleanse is this?
How long can they stay frozen?
Does this product make you lose weight?
what order? i dont see them numbered
Can I go to the gym during the cleanse?
How do you check if your Matcha has been radiated from the Fucoshima?
How many grams of sugar per serving and what other ingredients are in this matcha, please?
Just rec'd this but was not expecting a POWDER. How do you make tea using powder? I need to drink green tea for health reasons Your input appreciated
How much tea powder is in this container? It says one pound but the shipping weight is only 12.8 ounces. How is this possible?
I've been told I need to drink green tea. Since it is a powder, how do you make tea? do you just mix in water and drink it without straining it? Tks
does this product come from Japan?
Can you please tell us whether 100% of the tea is from Nishio, or is it blended with tea from other regions as some sellers do?
Tastes delicious, but expiration is 5-5-15, it's still green and vibrant. How much longer can I use this?
Ive been finding out after I buy some Matcha tea has other ingredients in it. Is this 100% or does other ingredients like brown rice flour, etc.
How the coffee processed? I heard Bulletproof coffee is supposed to be washed to avoid mycotoxins.
Is this organic and has anyone tasted the vanilla version? Artificial flavoring?
How much caffeine per serving?
Does anyone still add the butter to this coffee since that is what all the Bulletproof Coffee recipes call for. &amp; do you still need to add more Oil?
Is this instant coffee gluten free?
What do you normally mix them with to get the best results/affects?
Is it possible to ship Instant Edge Coffee to Canada? When I try to make the purchase I am told that the items cannot be shipped. Whats Up? Thanks
Why can't this coffee be used in Styrofoam or plastic cups if it can be added to hot OR cold water?
Do you have an ingredient list? I have many food allergies and would like to check the ingredients. Thank you.
How many teaspoons in a box?
How is the 'upgraded' version different from the original?
Will the Keuring 2.0 recognize this filter?
Did anyone else have the problem of it disabling your VUE maker and Keurig says it is the fault of the adapter?
can a person place senseo pods in this adapter
Has anyone tried using the adapter for hot chocolate and brewing cold beverage K-cups? if so, how successful were you?
Will this work with a Vue300 machine?
Can you use cocoa as well as coffee in the K2V cups?
How do you keep the liquid coffee from overflowing the adapter? No matter how firmly I press down on the lid of the basket, liquid still overflows.
Is this the newest version or is this the one that comes in the shorter packageing the newer version? They are the same price and it is hard to tell.
How did you take the machine apart to clean it?
So $5 for each muffin?
Quanity?
Does it need to be refrigerated?
Is it refined oil?
The picture looks like it is some shade of orange. Are there color additives in this oil? I can't use yellow 5 or red 40. Thanks!
Can this spoil
In what country is it made? Thanks!
The item description says this is one gallon, as does the label. The "shipping info" says its two pounds. Which is correct?
It says that it is 2 lbs. shouldn't it weigh more? Is it really 128 oz.? Can I use this in cooking or just popcorn?
Is this raw/unprocess?
what's the expiry date or "best use date" for this product?
can you use this for oil pulling?
Are they easy to separate from the roll and open at the top?
Are they scented?
Do the bags have handles?
Are these bags biodegradable/compostable?
dientions of item
How thick are the bags?
I see this has non-dairy creamer added. I have read that non-dairy creamer isn't healthy. Is there a version without this?
Is there an expiration date on the boxes? If so, what is it. Thanks!
Is this price for 4 boxes with 16 packs in each box? Total of packs 64?
how many coffee packs are in each box
It says 7 wraps per package. How many packages do you get in an order?
How do you fry them?
Any chance you'll do a 49 count of the turmeric paleo wraps?
Are they certified kosher?
Do these stay fresh without refrigeration? Could they be used for backpacking without drying out like rice tortillas do?
Do these wraps give you the satisfactory feeling that you're getting something resembling a carb replacement, to eat?
Tumeric alone, is healthy but bitter. I gather that these do not refect that taste?
can you freeze them?
Has anyone made these into "tortilla chips" for salsa or dips?
does this contain any soy or derivatives of?
When you get this product via Amazon, is it packed good enough? I don't want to order it only to have it be totally crushed when I get it.
How many grams of sugar?
How many boxes per order? One box cannot be $35.!?
Did something change? The last batch I received wasn't flakes but broken up chunks. The texture is different now.
I'm concerned about the foil that it is packed in, since it does not come in a box. Is this aluminium foil?
From the ingredients, this product looks like its acceptable as a Whole30. True?
I adore your products, but I'm wondering why the price of this (already pricey) cereal went from $8.99 to $12.99 in a couple of weeks?
This was briefly available through Amazon Prime, but not anymore. Will it be coming back to Prime?
Is there sugar added to this product? Thank you...
How come it's not available with Prime anymore? Since it's so expensive, you can at least have that as an offer rather than waiting a week.
