what frequency does the ext sub function cut off at?
Can I use the "K-10 powered speaker" in passive form from a powered mixer, without using it's own built-in power source?
Anybody upgrade to the K12's? If so, are you happy you did? I have K10's, I'm having some buyers remorse thinking I should've gone w/ the K12's?
Will the K10 be damaged if its XLR output is connected to a mixing board and somebody accidentally pushes the +48V phantom power button on the board?
How are k10 with using for live keyboard sound?
I just setup my new QSC K10's, after playing, I like the Deep ON AND the vocal boost ON. Is this a good idea, or am I starving it for headroom? By the way, it was with my acoustic guitar while I was singing - Loved it! I fear that this is a stupid...
I'm looking to replace my old trusty mains Mackie SRM450, will these do it? OR do I need to go with the K12's?
Will this work well for an assembly presentation in a gym with 300 students? I use a wireless mic and need to hook it up to a laptop too.
Why is it when I have to set up against a wall it doesn't sound right
Just making sure that this K10 has the remote gain plug in option on the back?
Could I plug it into my dell laptop? Is the sound quailty good? Clear?
Will this microphone work for guttural vocals? (Death metal)
is this made in japan?
dose this work with Kodak Zi8? dose this work with Kodak Zi8?
Can this be used for video recording with an iPad?
Will it work in a Lenovo laptop PC mic jack, for Skyping? And will it work while running an external USB webcam (Logitech HD Pro C920)?
Could i plug it into my Nikon d3200 ? ZOOM H2
Is it a spruce top or a plywood top? It can't be both. Please describe truthfully.
How is the action? I bought an ovation and the action is horrible...
is this a lot easier on your fingers? less pain and callouses for a beginner than a steel string?
What is the diameter of the sound hole?
Goya G-10 vs. Yamaha C40: Has anyone played both the old Goya G-10 and the new(er) Yamaha C40 and have an opinion on similarity and differences, tone quality and ease of fretting?
Is this a standard sized guitar or is it considered a mid sized guitar?
I inherited a Yamaha C40 guitar from a friend, and need to buy new strings. What would you recommend (brand, tension, etc.)?
hello, you have available yamaha c80 guitar?
Is this a left handed guitar?
has anyone compared this with the Yamaha 20 series transparent-colored models? Is this exactly the same, or different in feel and tone?
I don't Have any Background in Music but always loved the sound of a Flute, could I figure out on my own how to imitate a certian song or would I need professional lessons?
Where is this made?
Is this played like an Irish tin whistle? Does it produce similar sound? Is this recorder sized only for a child's hands?
Anyone know if this is the shortest? It needs to be stuck into a pocket in a theatrical production.
How well do these stay in tune, e.g. to play with others? Can they be fine-tuned?
Does it come with a case?
Is this concert-tuned?
What is the size of the recorder?
Soprano recorder owners manual
Is it possible to have two people wearing/using microphones at once? If so, would I need to purchase another whole set?
Could this work with a Nikon D3200? The cam has a mic input. I would like to use it to record audio in interviews.
Will this Sony WCS999 Wireless Camcorder Microphone work on a Sony Digital HD Video Camera Recorder # HDR-CX430V
I&acute;m looking for a wireless normal microphone for public speaker (I&acute;m a preacher). Could I used this product in that way?.
Could you possibly expedite the shipping? I would need to receive the microphone this week?
Instead of a microphone, can I connect a headphone out signal on the transmitter?
Purchased this product and set it up exactly as outlined in the instructions. Using a Sony HD Camcorder I'm getting constant 'ticking' sound?
Will this unit work with my Panasonic HC-V201?
Can you plug this wireless mic into an S4?
Dear Seller, I want to buy this product, but Could you please send it to The Cosmopolitan Hotel of the Boulevard Las Vegas between the dates of July 29 to 31st . It's very important to receive this product in this times, beucase I leave of United of...
does this pedal work on Yamaha P-35 keyboards?
I need to understand which one of these sellers are honest enough to sell me the Yamaha fc-5 sustain pedal....not a cheap china imitation that was sen
I have the old EZ20 keyboard but it still works great, will this peddle work? If not can you recommend one that will work? Thank you
Will this fc-5 pedal work to turn effects off/on on a yamaha mg10xu mixer?
Will this pedal work for the yamaha psrgx76?
My Yamaha PSR-160 has no 1/4" input jack, just a 1/4" headphone jack. It has MIDI input/output jacks. Can I connect a sustain/damper pedal somehow?
does it work on non yamaha keyboards
Does this pedal work on yamaha psr 160?
Will this work with the Yamaha YPT-240 keyboard?
Does this pedal work for P-105? I have a F-4, which doesn't seem to sustain too well, and I'm looking for a better sustain pedal.
is it good for overlaying harmonies and piano??
Is the mic cord fixed or detachable?
Would it work on my PC and desktop computer for singing?
can this be used with portable keyboards
I have an Aiwa old model CD/Radio/Cassette unit with an input for a mini plug mic. Will this work with that type of unit?
Can it be used on computer? Can the mini-plug be pluged into a stereo jack in notebook?
Will this cable work specifically with an Ibanez IBZ10B Rehearsal Rig 10-Watt Electric Bass Guitar Combo Amp and a JAY TURSER MODEL JT-220/VS VINTAGE SUNBURST SETNECK LP GUITAR?
What's a guitar
Will this work for bass guitars as well ?
Is this a "stereo" cable, i.e., correct for connecting a foot controller (e.g., Roland GA-FC) to a combo amp (e.g., Roland GA-112) ?
Can you use this cable to connect a guitar to a sound board?
Is this or a fender cable better?
need small amp and connection cable for applause tenor electric ukulele
Can it uesed for connecting monitors and MBOX2
Will this cable work with a Fender Strat Squier?
my uncle just gave me his electric guitar and he told me ill need to buy the cable "1/4 inch to 1/4 inch". is this it? i have no idea :p
how long is this cord? the pictures looks like its only a couple inches?
Will this work to connect a mic to a soundbar for karoake using the aux on the soundbar?
Can I use this to connect a professional mic to a laptop through a soundcard: "Creative Sound Blaster Omni". I mean would soundcard work as a preamp?
I got a question. I got a Mono Microphone using XLR. My goal is to connect the mic to my laptop and record using Audition. Will this Adapter work?
I may have bought the wrong cable yesterday. I want a shotgun XLR to stereo mini with the signal equal on both channels. Is this the right one?
Will this work to connect a RODE NTG2 shotgun mic to a standard Nixon DSLR?
Would a sennheiser HMD280-13 and this adapter work in a regular computer 3.5mm mic port for recording?
Can this be used to connect a Shure SM48-LC Vocal Dynamic Microphone with a Yamaha Receiver RX v575?
so I have a mono shotgun mic.. I used this and my output is still mono only... anyway to fix this?
Could I use this to connect a Yamaha MG10 sound mixer to a laptop?
Will this create the same sound quality that plugging straight into an XLR port would have?
Would this cable work with the CanonT3i?
Will this connect an Azden SGM 2x to a canon T5i Dslr?
Can this work with canon dslr 550d?
Can this be used to connect a RODE NTG2 shotgun mic to a standard DSLR, or will I need a mono cable?
Can this connect to an Envy laptop?
Do you happen to have any idea if this is the correct cable to connect an Azden SGM-1X microphone to a Canon T5i? I believe it is but am not 100% sure
I want a jack to plug into a Samsung Galaxy 3 so I can use a mic with a 1/4 male...will this work? If not can you tell me what will. Thanks
i bought an xlr microphone cable to plug into my Kaossilator pro as well as an xlr to trs dual cable but neither fit will this fit into either cable?
I just bought Shure PG58-XLR Cardioid Dynamic Vocal Microphone but, i need a adapter trs to my camputer.is this work?
will this adapter work with a cannon T3i
Does this work properly for hooking up say an iPod to a powered speaker? Currently the cable I use mutes the vocals.
how or what would be the best application for this adapter ?
Has anyone used this to split a stereo signal? Want to use with the AT2022 mic--which uses a stereo 3-pin XLR output. Appreciate any info!
how long is this cable?
is this a digital cable
Does this work the other way? I need to pull two separate mic outs from a Shure wireless handheld/lav combo into a single input for house sound.
Can I use this to go from a R and L XLR into a single XLR out?
Can I use this for connecting two PA Amplifiers that don't have Outputs?
Is this the best solution to go with when using a Rode NTG-2 Shotgun Mic with a Zoom H4N or Tascam DR-60?
Does this send Stereo Signal? If it dosen't can it?
When Connecting to my M-Audio BX5 D2 speakers to my PC using the XLR to 1/8 stereo RCA Y cable how do i tell which XLR cable goes to which speaker?
how far do the two xor cables spread apart?
They marked one set of wires, but is the mark the Left or the Right channel???
Is this better than using the other input (TRS?) on studio monitors? Thanks.
Are xlr males mono sigle or Left &amp; Right output
Does this work with an iPad --reliably turning off the inner iPad speakers?
Does this cable work with condenser mic? Does this XLR cable runs phantom power?
OUT of PC (mini) to XLR (Y connection), I am not getting separate L-R channels. I am using Hosa Stereo 3.5mm Male - Two XLR Male-What is the problem?
can I use this line to connect blue yeti pro microphone to my pc?
Can I use this cable to connect 2 XLR cable mics [L &amp; R setup] to my laptop mic input and maintain L/R separation?
what exactly is being included at the prices posted?
how does this connect to an audio reciever like yamaha rx-v773?
Using the SPDIF output, what specific recommendation do you have for PCIe or PCI computer sound card? I'll be transposing LPs to MP3s.
i would like to use this with my Canon DSLR Camera for shooting videos and would like to know if you think that this will work well.
Will this wireless microphone work with music amps? Does it plug into the microphone outlet on the amp?
How can you get this device to transmit audio to an entire room, like a regular microphone? What is missing?
if i want to use 2 or 3 wireless lav mics with my camera...do i need 3 separate transmitters to send signals to the receiver?
Can you use a splitter on the transmitter and use two mikes.
Would this system work for a conference where an artist gave a demo? The audience could be as much as 30 or 40 feet from the artist.
Hey guys, I'm wondering if you have tips on reducing static and or background noise. Even dead air picks up a ton of static.
If I were to buy TWO of these units, can I use them to create a stereo image, by having one microphone set record left channel, and the other right?
does this mic work on a dslr camera
does it work on a dslr camera? like a canon 600d
Hi, I have a Technics SL-B20 turntable, is this the stylus to buy?. Thanks in advance.
Will it replace the audio-technica AT112EP?
Q: I have a Dual 701 turntable. WIll this one fit it?
Will it replace a Audio-Technica PT300?
I have a Technic SL D202, think this will work? thanks much.
I have a technics sl-q200 will this work?
Will this replace an AT2000XE?
Will it replace an Ortofon 20?
Have technics SL-B20 turtable. Uses cartridge ATL12E2. Is the AT92E compatible? Plug looks the same
Will this fit a Gemini XL-100 Belt drive Semi-Automatic Turntable?
Will this work on GO PRO 2?
1. Will it work with a GoPro 4 2. Can one get a windscreen / cover for it?
I need a microphone for xperia z 1 for video recording (music events) are this microphone compatibile ?
Will this work with a Sony IC recorder? (model icdux523) I need a good microphone to record meetings. Jane G.
Would you recommend this microphone for meetings?
So, is Mic from Sony an expensive fake or not? Does it come in complete Sony packaging?
With this work with a car head unit that has a mic port?
does this work on sony digital recorders?
could I use this as a Bluetooth mic for my car stereo? Would it work better then the ones that come with the aftermarket stereos? Is it 2.5mm?
Would this work with my Sony Cybershot Digital Camera?
iphone 5S
Will this mic work with gopro cameras?
Will this work on a Canon vixia HF M52 camera? I am recording Speech's and need something better than the camera mike.
Can you plug the endpiece into a device that you clip to your belt or put in your pocket that can transmit the audio to an entire room? What to buy?
This mic paired with my iPhone 4S is too quiet on input. Can someone recommend a booster, or solution?
Will this tie in to ZOOM Handy Recorder ??
Looking to get a mic for recording video on an iPad. Has anyone tried with this mic and if so what has been your experience.
Where do you get a replacement or extra battery?
I just got the it and now I can only hear through my left headphone?
iphone
does this come with any microphone at all? description doesn't mention.
Watched some reviews and noticed a hissing noise. Would a new different mic nullify the hiss?
I'm a pastor what do i need to hook it up to my head for my mic ?
Will this work with an iPhone 5? I film on the iPhone and am looking for a compatible wireless microphone so I can stand and move away from the camera
Can I use this with my gopro3+ ?
Can the audio adapter be plugged straight into an iphone so this unit can be used to wirelessly record audio with my iphone 6 as I shoot video?
Hi, it says "with ATR3350mW Omnidirectional Mic" But the product image does not show this. Does it come with it or is it just the name of the product?
is this all i need for public speaking? no need for amplifier?
What does this unit have for mounting options? 1/4 - 20 thread? 3/8 thread? DSLR hot-shoe?
Does this mic setup come with a warranty?
will this work with a technics sl-b2?
Will this work with Shure M91E
Will it work with a technics SL QD-33 turntable?
does it work with a technics sl d2
Will this replace SHURE M104E and model V15HR-P?
will this work for a technics sl1900?
Will it fit technics SL5?
Will this work for a Technics SLQ200 (old cartridge is a Shure M96 LT)?
does it work for an audiotechnica apl-120?
Which shock-mount goes with this mic for recording? Is there a good reason to use a shock mount for live performing, or are they just for recording?
I'm a female singer and Taylor acoustic/electric guitar player. My voice is not powerful. Is this the best mic around $100 for performing/recording?
Does this mic come with a computer wire for recording?
Does this mic come with a clip for a mic stand?
looking for a mic for MOS interviews to be used with a canon t31. would you recommend this mic for that job?
Does the microphone come with a receiver?
I am a female vocalist with a powerful voice..does this mic distort with vocal volume? No screamin, just singin'.
I wonder if he has is original and has the stamp of originality.
Can this mic be attached to a cord and if so, which one?
Can you record with this mic in garageband?
Will this work with a Technics SL1200 turntable?
Will this fit on an Audio-Technica AT-LP120 Turntable?
Can thhis cartridge be mounted on an old HK T-20 table and do I have to have a professional mount it if so?
Will this fit and work well on an early AR xa turntable with the original arm?
Will this fit on a Pioneer PL-518 headshell? Currently running a Stanton 680EE cart. Any thoughts on how good the Stanton is?
will this cartridge work with a denon dp 23f turntable?
Replacing needle on old Pioneer turntable. Present needle is a model ADC 250 XE. Will this fit?
I've got a seventies Sony direct drive turntable (PS-4750). It doesn't appear that this Shure cartridge can be mounted on the arm. Could I be wrong?
Will this work on a Technics SL-B100?
Will this work with a Pioneer PL-12D turntable?
How long is the cord?
does this have volume control
How well do they work on airplanes? My (very) old Koss headphones were simply too quiet when I tried using them on a flight.
How big are the ear pieces? Are they comparable to the UR-20?
Does Koss still offer a life-time guarantee. (After 7 years the web on these phones simply came loose.)
Anyone know how many OHMs impedence these headphones are and also how big is the plug -- small or quarter inch ? Using for metal detector gpx5000 tks.
Is it noise cancelling? does it have a microphone so one can answer calls if using it with a smartphone?
Does it have a removable cord?
Does it have a removable cord?
Does this product have volume control?
I am still confused. can you use both the handheld and the lavelier at the same time, such as in a host/interview situation?
We currently have a sound system that we ould like to plug into with a wireless mic. The plug is round with 3 small prongs. Any ideas that will work?
Use with iPhone
would this work for the canon rebel t3 and if not any suggestions on what i should use
Do both led lights go green or just the receiver. I just taped for 1 hours and I could hear on earpiece but nothing was recorded
Interviewing two individuals with two wireless mics. Will each be recorded on separate channels with a single mini jack on? Can I buy just one mic?
is this compatible with sony hdr-cx550v?
Will this microphone system work with a Sony HDR-CX430 HD Camera??? Thanks!
Will it work with Canon HF M50 camcorder?
Is the mike proprietary or could I use a higher quality mike? If so, would there be a difference with a better mike? (recording classroom lectures)
The description text says "9 volt battery"; the specs section says AAA battery! Which is it?
Can one go from the receiver directly to a powered speaker -or- does one need an amplifier between the receiver and the speaker?
Two Or More Mic Inputs Possible? Does anyone know if I buy an extra mic and transmitter the receiver could pick both of these audio sources up?
Can the receiver be plugged into a computer's audio input port (possibly with adapter) to provide best sound for a web conferencing solution?
If I have two sets, can I use one mic/transmitter and two receivers connected to two separate cameras and pickup quality audio on both receivers?
What's the length of the microphone cable - transmitter to mic?
Can I use this with an I-phone
can i connect this to a speaker for teaching?
Does this work with the Sony Handycam HDR CX260?
Does this 5oz can of DeoxIT D5 come with a precision spray tube?
Can I use this spray on my trailer 7 way plug and truck connector
Can this product be compared with Kontak Audio Contact Cleaning Fluid http://www.amazon.co.uk/Kontak-Audio-...
Hi! I have electric digital accordion and 2- black bass keys when I push down on them I get a crackling pop will d5s6 deoxit contact cleaner work
will this spray fix a noisy volume control? volume control makes popping sound when I turn up and down the volume
I have a scratchy volume knob on my ESP VIPER7 guitar. Will the spray damage the paint/finish? Do I need to remove the volume pot before spraying?
My keyboard is in a notebook computer. I've spilled sugary juice and soda completely on my keyboard. my keys have become sluggish. Need cleaner
Hi! Is this product helps toimprove sound of Hi-Fi?Can I use it on phono plugs, mains plugs, 4mm plugs ?is it intended for use on all the connections?
will this work on snes game contacts
hmm.. so hosa and caig any similarities? sister companies? unrelated? so many overlapping name and functions on these products it's confusing
I am looking for an adapter that will convert my old Microsoft Keyboard 6 pin connector to a USB connector to fit in my new computer. Will this do it?
Does the cable come with the software cd?
Do you think that this cable can connect the microphone to speakers as well?! Do speakers have the usb slot ?!
Would this be used to connect a microphone to a computer?
Does it work with Mac OS X Mavericks?
Wich is the length of this cable 6 feet? 12 feet? my purchase depends on it.
I was using this cable with my MIDI keyboard and GarageBand but after I upgraded my Mac to Yosemite OS, the driver no longer works. Suggestions?
I just bought a new computer. It has windows 7 and 8. I own a midisport 2X2 that worked fine with my old XP. Does not work with my new computer. Help
Does this unit require drivers? Will it work with windows 7 64 bit?
Does this cable work with a Roland ED PC-300 on a Mac running OS X 10.8.3 ?
How often to you recommend replacing the stylus on this cartridge?
Would this be an upgrade from a bent AT 95E cartridge on my AT lp 120
is this a good replacement for my shure hi-track stylus? using on a dual 1219 TT.
will this work on a Onkyo quartz locked cp-1044f?
is this compatible with an M 97HE cartrige
I have an original M97 Cartridge. Is this the replacement Stylus for it?
I've heard that this stylus can also be used on the M92E P-mount cartridge. Is that true, and has anyone tried this? If so, does it work well?
Will this work for a technics sl-23?
Guys, does this Shure M44-7 Standard DJ Turntable Cartridge fits the Audio-Technica AT-LP120? Do I need to buy anything else to make the change?
How does this cartridge perform on records with skips? If it is designed to resist skips in the DJ/club context, how about on ordinary playback?
Shure M44-7 is this made for just mixing and playing music? Can it be used for DJs that want to scratched on control vinyl?
Does this cartridge fit pioneer plx-1000
does anyone know if this cartridge will fit the headshell on a stanton T62?
WILL THIS WORK FOR TECHNICS MODEL SL-QX300?
Would this work on an ION Max LP Player? I see that it has only Red/Black/White wires.
Does this one come with additional stylus and mount hardware?
Will this work with a SL 1610 MK2 turntable? Bob
I just bought an AT-LP60 tunrtable and I'm new to vinyl but I have heard the stylus has a ton to do with the sound quality. Will this fit my table?
i have a Dual 1019. will this fit and and ruin my neighbors day?
I have a Technic turntable SL-BD22. The sound is deteriorating with each record I play. I suspect the stylus is bad. Will this fit my system?
will this fit the stanton t62 straight arm?
will this stylus fit on the m55e cartridge
not fit AT-LP120 turntable?
works with M44E: Is this stylus works with?
How does this compare to the Yamaha CGS103 3/4 size?
Is this good for kids?
is this a left handed guitar
what is the exact length ? 3/4 can vary from 34 to 36 inch. Thanks
Does this guitar come with the appropriate fittings for attaching a strap? Thank you.
what is the width of the nut ? (the nut is the white piece that has 6 slots for the 6 strings to lay on)
Is this a good size for an average 8 y/o girl?
Is this guitar big for 6 year old?
Is this guitar only for kids? Can an adult beginner/intermediate use this as well?
Would I be able to use cart with Marantz 6100 headshell
Will this fit the AT1240 tone arm? Is it a good idea to get a different head stock for each different cartridge ie: one for 78s to make changing ea
Can you change the needle?
Excuse my naivety, but does this cartridge have a stylus and is complete/ready to attach to a tone arm? I called a reseller; got differing info. Thx!
The guide says that the vta is 20 degrees. Does ths mean that if the body of the cartridge is paralle to the record surface it is already set. I
Will this work on a Thorens TD160 with straight arm?
Want to add this to a Pro-ject Carbon Debut. Anything else I need to do besides replace the Ortofon Red cartridge?
I have a Music Hall mmf 2.2. Would I need a heavier counterweight for this cartridge?
Dose it come with the tiny winy tools nessary to install it or are they sold separately?
Will this work with my Technics SL 1200MK2 turntable?
What are the outputs? RCA? uSB? Is there a pre-amp?
What kind of needle is included? Ceramic?
If you use a Pre-Amp and a BOSE Wireless Bluetooth Speaker how do you connect the turntable so it plays through the speaker? The BOSE speaker requires that an external source is connected using an audio cable with a 3.5mm plug to connect with the AUX...
How do I remove the platter? There seems to be a clip preventing its removal.
Will this work at 220V/50 Hz ? If yes, is there a switch somewhere for this purpose ?
Guys... help...i just got this turntable, and plug it into my Yamaha receiver 397... I need to turn it up to get any sound out of it!
use with speakers
Does this have an auto mode?
Do I need a Pre-amp, if I have an amplifier that has a phono input?
My Kenwood receiver/amp has stereo LP RCA inputs. Do I still need a pre-amp?
Are the keys mini or full size keys?
Does the keyboard allow for soft and loud tones? If you barely press a key, does it produce a soft tone, and hard produces a louder tone?
Does this keyboard able to transpose?
is the keyboard action considered: hammer-action, weighted-action or is it touch-response-action?
does this microphone have to be plugged into anything?
Can this microphone be plugged into a Casio CTK-700 keyboard
Can Nady SP-4C Dynamic Microphone be plugged into computers? does it hv usb plug or the computer microphone plug?
can you plug it to home theater system
does/can Nady SP-4C stand alone? can you just talk into this mic and your voice be amplified or does it have to be plugged into something?
How long is the cable? How long is this cable?
Can this microphone be put I'm any mic holder
this microfone i can buy it with the electric cable or is just the microfone with out the cable? because i wnat to buyit thanks for your answer
I need a SML385CDG for my grand daughters karaoke system
Will this work with a Behringer Xenyx 802 Premium?
What is the difference in this SM57-LC and the SM57? I can't seem to find what the LC is about.
Computer Microphone??? I would love a really good mic like a Sure 57 for my pc but what will make it work?
How is it with recording vocals?
can it be attached to a video camera with a cable?
How to modify SM58 so it sounds like SM57 for voice over? Bought 58 then found out 57 is flat/better for speech...:(
This is a good microphone for live rap performances?
Will this mic work with Scarlett 2i2 interface without a pre-amp? And is this the best for micing a steel string acoustic guitar?
Brand new to microphones. Do I need to buy the cable, and what does it do?
How is the noise gate? i will be using the mic to record my marshall amp i don't want to much background noise.
does it have bluetooth
can I use this with my computer
Which dynamic microphone has the best frequency response for instruments?
Does this work. Alone or do I need to purchase something else
could this be used to perform at small gigs? like festivals, pubs, bars, etc?
does this have an on/off switch?
I bought it about 2 month ago. Why it doesn't work with my amp. I did buy a adapter for it in order to plug into my amp.
would this MIC work with a XLR to 1 4 Cable as well? I need it both to record and to plug into an amplifier...
Has anyone used this with a USB adapter connected directly to a computer? Would spoken voice quality be good for video narrative?
i want to get this to use on a tour bus but I need to know what kind of plug it has
amplifier: Do you need an amplifier to use this microphone?
Feel free to laugh a bit and excuse my ignorance. I am starting voice lessons does this microphone only work with a computer? Or can I hook it up to something different? Ok no more laughing. Thank You
Switch Vs. No Switch on the SM58: What's cool about having a switch to turn your mic off?
Can i use this microphone to a non-phantom powered pa system. can you recommend other shure brand for use on non-phantom pa system? thanks bc
Can I use this microphone with the Microkorg Vocoder? If so, are there any additional pieces I'd need to make it compatible?
Does the Shure Sm 58 Vocal Microphone (with on off switch) includes cable?
was made in usa or Chinese?
Do any one knows if this this micophone comes with a cord ?
What type battery is needed for Shure SM58S?
what type battery is needed?
to play lots of 33,45,78 in a large archive with 2 turntables, what do you recommend?
1 more question I have been using the shure 97xe and like it I see a lot go with the m44-7 would I have a problem w/ the 97
I just found out both my AT's antiskate is 100% useless. Would you recomend this for the avid vinyl lover non DJ &amp; any anti skate issues Thanx
has any one have tone arm problems with this table
Is this come with dust cover
?voltage input
is amazon selling the super old str8-150's? or the pictures are wrong??? after 2008'ish these turntables were made in a black color with the blue logo
I hate to be a pain but I want to get it right for my use which is better s arm or strait
Which one would you recommend this Korg or the Novation MiniNova Analog Modeling Sythesizer?
Does it come with recording/editing softaware, and if so what kind?
What warranty does it come with? Sweetwater offers a 2 yr. warranty
What kind of cables do I need to connect it to a computer?
Can a sustain pedal be used with this microkorg? What are some of the best pedals?
Does it come with the proper wall plug?
Are there any other things that come with this other than the synth, power cable and mic? Curious to see what other cords I may need to purchase.
Is there somewhere I can buy a replacement Power Adapter?
Does this thing have a regular piano sound??
can I plug this into an amp?
How tall is this rack from bottom to top (height) ? Wondering if it will fit under my 5 inch desk space.
why aren't the dimensions,listed?
why aren't the dimensions,listed?
Will this SKB cover a Mesa 2:90 power amp.
Would this fit a Peavey tour series 450?
will a crown xls 802 amp fit ?
Does the bottom of the case have rubber feet to keep the case from sliding around on a desk type surface? Thanks
Would this Rack fit a Berinhger 2500 AMP?
How many screws come with this case? Thanks
Will this stand fit the Yamaha YPG235?
Will this stand work with MOXF8 Keyboard?
Will this stand fit with Yamaha YPG635?
Will this stand fit with Yamaha DGX500?
Can I use LW 16 Stand with YamahaYPG-235 keyboard ?
Is this stand compatible to ypg-625?
How many keys does it have
Will this stand fit the Yamaha DGX620?
which are measures of the big box: length width and depth ?
What is the action like? high and lose or tight against the strings?
hi, I'm from Venezuela, I need to know if everything comes together in a box or comes separately in multiple boxes? I do question the need for sending
can you ship to tanzania located in east africa?
what type of strings are they?
Can this also be shipped to australia?
is this a good size for teens?
What type of wood is the body made of ?
is it a full sized
This guitar arrived extremely bowed and is untuneable. By the time we discovered it, we couldn't return it. What can we do? It's unplayable.
What is better for recording and mixing guitar, vocals (for metal). And mixing them. AKG 240 or Audio-Technica ATH-M50? Why?
How LONG in feet is the detachable cord?
Is this an original brand? or It is made in China
These being 55 ohm models, can you really get by without a headphone amp? I'm coming from Grado SR80s which sound fine without an amp, imho. This is for personal use, no mixing or DJing. Probably using a laptop or my Cowon MP3 player usually.
Are they on ear or over ear?
do the akg 240 semi-open headphones have a thick coil cable?
is the bass heavy enough that the i will feel headphones vibrate?
Probably a very random question, (I've gotten all the audio info from reviews and questions) but does the style of this prevent hair "denting"?
is this capatable to an iPhone
Do these plug into a computer? I am doing voice recording on the computer. Would these be good for reviewing my work?
I want to use it for voice recognition dictation to my laptop. Will it be suitable for this? I need an XLR to 3.5mm adaptor to connect it to my laptop. Does Amazon sell such a thing as a single entity without a connecting cable?
Does this serve as headphones and mic or just a mic? If we're podcasting will we need headphones (or go w/out?)?
I give tours in a van and need a microphone that will connect with the ipod jack in the dash. Can this be done with this mic - and how easily.
Can anyone compare the sound quality of this to something like an ATR2100 or HeilPR-40 for podcasting?
is this a dynamic mic or condenser? I need one for announcing air shows and condensers will pick up too much ambient sound
Can you tell me if this can plug straight into a PA system or does it have to have a wireless pack?
is the connector on this mic a 4 pin female connector
does it connect to laptop mic jack, do i need to buy an accessory for computer use?
Will these be comfortable sitting under or over closed ear headphones?
I need more than 4 feet. Can I use another cable or an extension cable of some sort without screwing up performance?
Can we get modern songs from 2013 to play with the LS-3700 Karaoke System?
where is function manual for troubles
my new chip not playing
Are there any Frank Sinatra songs?
I started playing on a upright wurlitzer. How much of a difference is there between a upright and the PX-100? Also what size are the headphone jacks?
What are the dimensions?
pedal capabilities: Can the PX100 support half-damper options with an upgraded pedal (like the M-Audio SP-2 US65010)?
Can I add color filters and where can I buy these?
how much candlepower does it have??
Wanting to use it for outside halloween decorations, is the strobe water resistant?
What is the best way to hang this product up to a wall/ceiling? What equipment will I need?
How do you turn this on? I've plugged it into an outlet and nothing.
Do these react good to normal music not just techno? Is it bright and fast?
Chauvet ST-2000S Techno Strobe Light 2000S Power Supply: I just wanted this for occasional house parties. would i be able to plug this right into an outlet or what would i need?
Could this be used to repel rats in the attic? Would need to cover approx. 900 SF
Anyone ever use one of these as a bass guitar cab? I'm thinking of using one in conjunction with a GK 210 (2 ten inch speaker) cab, also 8 0hm..
Does this sub take 1/4 cable input? Or XLRs only?
Can you get away with one 15" subwoofer if you have 2 8" 2 way speakers?
The post says "speakers". Is this a pair (2). "Pyle 15" Stage Speakers"
Does this speakers have ports to connect an ipod to it
What are the dimensions of the cabinet
Sold in pairs or single?
comes in combo? or just one?
Do I only need this speaker or do need to buy more add ons if i were to play music from my phone?
Can you hang these speakers, say from rafters in a school gym?
whatare the dimensions of these speakers?
Do I need to buy a Pyle Amp to use these? Or are they already powered?
Can this be plugged directly to a computer for use with on screen recording such as camtasia?
can i use this with my galaxy s4 or iphone?
How long is the cord?
Does this work when plugged into an iPhone?
is there extension cord for this mic? i need at least 5m away from my camera
wire dimensions ?
Does this mic come with a usb bluetooth adaptor for use with audacity and have a good range?
want to use this with my sony HD camcorder are the plugs universal
Will this mike plug into the Sony HDR-CX380/B High Definition Handycam Camcorder and work OK?
how does it work
Is it Negative or positive?
Will it work with privia px 100?
How long is this?
Does this work for the Casio Privia PX-5s?
Will this cord/plug work for the Casio CPS80 keyboard made in 1992. Its been hard to find, I've had to send back 3 that I've ordered.
I am looking for an AC Adaptor for a Casio CDP-200RESIC it is AD-12MLA, but FC2. Do you have it?
I need an AD-A1215, for a Privia330. Will this work.
Does this work for the Casio PX-200?
would this work for casio CDP-100 ? Thank you.
Will it work for my px ?
how long is the cable?
Does this mic have a mute or on/off switch?
Could you use this with an iPhone and a headphone that does not have a mic?
Would it be compatible with the V-Moda Crossfade M-80 Vocal?
Does this noise cancel pretty well? Tired of using PTT on skype cause my mx browns are loud...
can I clip it onto my shirt?
How long have you guys owned it? Any problems?
can this work with a DAC?
Does it work with a pc?
Will it work with an iPhone 5?
Is this only one speaker or is this a pair?
How big are the woofers and tweeters? (in inches)
Do these have 1/4" connectors on the back? Will it work with focusrite scarlett 2i2?
Do these speakers have covers or are they as shown?
What is the best way to mount these speakers on the wall? Do they have mounting holes/brackets?
can i connect these to a old sherwood amp? And, how big are they?
Hello, the title says "Studio Monitor" (singular, not plural). Should I assume this is for one monitor, or is it for a pair?
Do these monitors have an on/off switch on the back of them? I own them and haven't found it.
Dumb question, but... One purchase includes one monitor right?
does this beta 58a microphone have a switch to turn it on and off?
Is this BETA 58A also good for recording instruments such a guitar? ISH.
I know this a goot mic but do any professionals suggest another quality mic for speech and voice?
Is this a UHF wireless microphone?
can it be connected with PC
country of manufactured
What is the difference between the 58 and this one (the BETA 58A)?
Hi.. I'm looking to use my 58A in conjunction with a portable Sony cassette deck, the TC-D5 Pro II. Anything to prevent me? Phantom power source?
How does this sound with lower brass(Trombone, Euphonium, etc.)?
Is this a real Beta 58 or is it the ripoff from China?
Can this mic be plugged directly into a mixing board?
Will this work with the Audio-Technica PRO-501 system?
will this mic work with sony wtr-822b
This mic requires a receiver? How does the camera receive the audio?
Why are so many of the reviews mentioning pastors and churches? Just curious. Is this the kind of mic pastors prefer over any other for any reason?
will this work with a 3.5mm input on video cam?
Can this mic work with a Zoom H1?
Curious to know if this unit can be connected to Zoom H4n or if it requires a special adapter? Thank you.
anyone used this on spark plug leads to clean and improve contact between spark plug and the lead?
Is the CAIG DeOxIT D100 harmful to plastics or rubber?
How does this work on memory in computers?
What is the difference between this and the spray? Specifically looking for best product to use for NES games and 72 pin connector.
I restore old video games nes, snes, and so on. Would this work to clean the contacts on old video games ?
Would I use this D100 to clean my speaker terminals before using the the G100L?
Can I use this to clean the charging port of my iPhone?
Description: "It has 2 1/4" inputs and 3 sets of stereo RCA inputs that are mixed to MONO." Are the L and R inputs really mixed together?
Output [both RCA and the headphone] fed to speaker produces very low sound. Tried another brand of speakers with same results. Any one had this issue?
I want to mix my computer audio output with (2) keyboards using 1/4" outputs . Using standard 1/4 inch to RCA cables , will this work without hum ?
Has anyone used this mixer for pod cast or voice over recording? If so, can you give some feedback? Thanks
How does the switchable phantom power work? The images and description don't make it clear how that part is set up.
How would I connect this to my dvd player with one set of RCA inputs, when this only has inputs?
Can anyone give an idea of the power consumption of this? I was looking for something &lt;5 watts. Thanks!
Do you have these in 220 - 240 volts?
Does one looks like the image above?
where is it made?
does it fit any sax
is this model PB304CT
I need one for tenor sax..........if U have it how much? I really like the red bag.
Hello there! Do you ship to Brazil? How long to deliver it?
Hi! something about dimensions? Thanks
Will a trigger trombone fit in it without damage?
Will a P-Bone fit this case?
will a P-Bone fit in this case?
How wide is the bell section compartment?? I remember King Symphony 1480 was too wide for this case. I mean width of the tuning slide, not flair.
Is there a place to store the cleaning rod?
Will an Ovation Elite 2778 AX fit in this case?
Can you give the interior dimensions. Thanks.
Will this case fit an Ovation Model 1639? - Deep Contour. Thanks!!
will an Ovation T 2058 TX 12 strings fit in this case?
Will this case fit an Ovation Applause AB24-4? Thanks.
Will this fit an Ovation CS257?
will this case fit a: Applause by Ovation AB24-RR Balladeer Mid Depth Bowl Acoustic-Electric Guitar, Ruby Red?
Will this case fit the Ovation CA24S Celebrity guitar?
Will my ibanez aeg 10ii fit in this case?
Will it fit Celebrity Ovation cc67 ser#238020?
Does this Cover fit the Yamaha 640 Digital Piano ?
Will it fit a 88 key Korg?
Does it fit Yamaha S90 XS , 88 keys ?
Will it fit a Yamaha P 120?
Would this cover fit a Roland Atelier AT-15 organ? The top measures 48" (W) x 19" (D) x 6" (H - rear), tapering to 3" (H - front).
Will it fit Korg Kross 88 key workstation keyboard ?
has anyone used this on a technics kn220 keyboard?
Will it fit Yamaha DGX650B Digital Piano ?
Wondered if the Gator case stretchy cover will fit my Korg 88-key keyboard. It is the SP-280 model and is 54 X 16 X 6 or 7.
how to connect this to my interface?
hey i got an interface do i still need a amp??
The "exciter" plugin in Logic Pro 9 has greatly improved the midrange clarity of my PA speaker. Would this unit take the quality a step further?
can i use this unit in my home theater? if so where i can conect, between what and what
Is this the top of the line Sonic Maximizer?
is this Sonic BBE 882i Maximizer use for karaoke?
Do the silk and steel strings sound really bright?
Are these for accoustic and steel guitars, or only accoustic ?
Do these work well when using a pick, or are they meant for finger-play only?
What is the difference between these and the Martin Marquis silk and steel?
What size bells are on the wristlet? Looking for at least 1"
How many come in the package? Is it just one or a pair?
How long are the straps?
Is it easier for people with small hands?
Doesa guitar case come with guitar
Does the guitar come strung, or do you have to string it yourself?
How is the action on this guitar? High or Low?
I'm 5"10 is it gonna fit me well ?
Is this a full size guitar?
Is this guitar good for Rocksmith?
Does this ship in its original box within another discreet and unmarked box (like the way Musician's Friend ships their guitars)?
Are the pickups suppose to be very loose upon arrival? Mine comes out with the screw while playing.
I am interested in purchasing this as a gift to go along with the program Rock Guitar PS3 2014 I was told it needs to have 1/4 output jack . Does it?
There are about a billion overdrives out there. Is this one better for blues than others like the tube screamer?
Does this come with the AC adapter? Kind of ambiguous in the notes/description...
Hi,any chance you would ship this to New Zealand, the price is sharp! Cheers, Stephen
I have a Fender Mustang II amp, which only has one input for the electric guitar cable. Where do you plug in the Boss pedal?
just to confirm. the modification has been installed minus the switch?
Can the BD-2 also be used with a bass guitar
Can you plug into any amp?
Can the os-2 pedal also be used with a bass guitar
does the boss os-2 take a battery instead of the ac adapter?
Does it come with an ac adapter cord?
Is it made in japan? i had this pedal in the 90s, now I want it back to my pedal board. Just curious about how well are they made now
How wide and thick is the neck? Would it be ok for someone with small hands?
is this guitar left handed?
Can anyone tell me the width at the nut and the spacing between strings? Thank you
does the guitar come with a cable to plug into my interface??
Your ad says it has a "Basswood body" but the specs from the manufacturer on your webpage says, "all-mahogany... Les Paul body." Which is it?
Is the rose wood fret board really black color as the picture?
how heavy is this guitar?
Will this fit a 2 and 1/4 inch classical guitar neck?
Is this the least obtrusive capo out there? I have a shubb which is about 1/3 inch high off the strings and I'm always banging it.
OK for 12-string?
Anyone else find that you're between slots on this capo - too tight and it pulls the guitar sharp and too loose and strings are 'muted', not capo'd?
Is the strap adjustable or fixed?
Would this capo work on a tenor ukulele?
capo's: WHAT is A CAPO?
will these fit on a Epiphone Les Paul
Will the strap ends work on a thick leather strap like a Walker/ Williams premium?
do these fit acoustic guitars as well as electrics?
I would like to know if the seller (Music123) or the Mfr. (Dunlop) could get me the right screws to mount these "Strap Loc's) to my ' 75 Rickenbacker?
Any idea what size screw these use?
Does it need to be drilled to work with a seagull guitar?
Will I have to drill? Yamaha apx500ii
Will these work with (without any drilling) epiphone sg g-400?
Is this guitar easy for people, adults, with small hands?
can you install a tremolo system on it without drilling holes in the body
Does this come with the amp cable?
How is the action on this guitar? High or Low?
what the connector on epiphone?
Does this guitar arrive ready-to-play or is some assembly required and if so, how much?
I live in Argentina, if I buy the guitar, do the shipping to my country? and what is the additional cost?
Does this come with a guitar strap and a pick? Or do I need to buy them separately?
How much does this guitar weigh? In the product info it says shipping weight is 33 lbs??? o_O
Can this work with the game RockSmith?
If I buy this, would I have to buy anything else for it to function?
Where are these made?
Does this have true bypass?
will the one spot from visual sound power it?
what model is this
How badly does this pedal suck tone in bypass? Thats my main concern
Will the Voodoo labs power supply work with this pedal?
Is this Only for guitar ? or does it work for bass guitars ?
What is the total price with shipping to Mexico?
Will this also work as a volume pedal?
How do I put it on???!
I was told to get a pop screen with OUT metal parts on frame &amp; screen, ONLY nylon. Can you tell me what this frame &amp; screen is made of? Thk u
What does this pop filter do exactly? Is is necessary to use with singing using a microphone?
Does it work with a Samson Go Mic Compact USB Microphone?
Would this work on a AT2020 USB Condenser Mic?
Would the clamp be suitable to attaching to a desk stand? I'm considering using it with the OnStage DS7200B, and hope it fits nicely. Thanks
will this work with a blue snowball microphone?
will this hook to a mic stand and clamp to a desktop
Does this pop filter work with the Blue Yeti?
does this clamp onto the bue yeti stand
What type of cord does this require?
How do i bypass the effects
Does this have a gain control?
Would this be a good choice for cross-over from classical music to rock with an electric violin?
Where is this pedal made?
Does this pedal use a 9V 300mA power supply?
Does this pedal work for bass?
can you make a post hardcore or metalcore sound with this pedal?
Does it come with cabble
some reviews say this ships with no power adapter. is this true? you have to find one and buy it separately?
Active or Passive?
is it neck heavy? do I need to worry about neck dives?
how is the action
How bad is the neck dive on this model? I am teetering between this and a Epiphone Thunderbird Classic-IV PRO...
what is a good amount of watts for this bass to be heard in a loud room?
Will my Selmer Bundy alto sax fit?
Does it include carrying strap?
would a sax with key cages on both sides of the bell fit on it?
Is there space to fit mouthpieces, reed cases, neck strap, etc. inside case?
Will my cannonball big bell stone series alto sax fit in it? cuz the bell is deli quite big...
I fly frequently - does this case afford adequate protection when checked in as hold luggage?
What is the weight of this case?
Will a split bell alto fit in this case? (i.e. Late 20s early 30s Martin Handcraft)
What string gauge come with this?
is this made in usa?
Does it come with strap?
Is it a flat top.
Does this come "set up" right out of the box
Does the Epiphone Standard have push/pull pots?
Does it works with rocksmith 2014?
Which is better this one or the wildkat royale?
What year were these made?
does it come with strings?
will this work on an ATR2100?
I have an AudioTechnica 2020 mic. Will this fit?
Will it work with an AT4033a mic?
does it work with the rode ntg2?
do you have to use it with a computer?
Does a "power Source" come with the Machine ??
Can you program it to play a 12/8 slow blues beat
Can you save you own beats on the ALESIS SR16 DRUM MACHINE
Does the Machine come with a MIDI cable?
Does the presets play simple 4/4 beats, shuffle, etc?
can I run my cajon box through this unit to enhance the sound
Does it have bass sounds to write basslines along with the drumbeat? Thanks
I use Magix Music Maker 14 and windows 7 connected to a Behringer Q802USB 8-Channel Mixer and external amp..How will MMM recognize the SR16?
can I back up my old sr-16 to this one and vice versa?
Is this case sturdy enough for commercial airline travel?
is this a good fit for the hammond xk-2 , if it isn't do you have one
will it fit a Roland Fantom X7?
I have Yamaha Tyros 3 does it fit?
is it 15 inch wide
does it fit for a casio 76 key
would this keyboard case keep my keyboard safe if I checked it as luggage at the airport?
Where is the guiltar made and what is the width of the neck at the nutt?
why the cherry brust model has 4 kind of buttons or something xd and de other models just has 2 and the switch ?
I have never played a guitar, but would love to learn, could this be used for beginners?
does the bolt on neck effect anything
Does the guitar stay in tune?
Does the guitar come with strings?
does it come with a case or a gig bag? made in ???
i need a hard case for this euitar. but it is thinner any one can help
hello. how much it costs to send the guitar to Bogota Colombia
Is this a left-handed model?
Will this work with the Roland Cube 40XL?
Does this come with a cable to connect it to a Boss BR-800 recording studio? I know know what to buy for a cable.
Can this be used with the Boss RC-3 Loop Pedal? A footswitch like this makes it much easier to accurately time the end of the loop...?
I have a Boss DD-7. So this pedal is useful just for tap tempo (which I can do with the unit itself)?
Does this require a power source?
For the boss dd-7 hold/loop feature.. can this be used to start and stop a loop?
I have a Taylor acoustic guitar with an internal pickup to plug the guitar into an amp. Can I use this pedal as a middleman between guitar and amp?
would this ewitch be a helpful addition to my new alesis 18 and is it compadable?
Will this work with a dd3 delay pedal?
Will this work for a Roland Cube 40XL amp?
can you plug an ipod into this amp?
I want to use this with a mic for my Sax to play at rehearsal. Would it be loud enough..?
Which battery?
Do any or all of the effects work on a mic that is plugged in?
Can you use for a vocal mic.
Is this amp only good for a guitar? Does it have an other uses?
What does this AMP come with? ie; ac plug, strap?
I'm looking to use the amp for music at outdoor sports practices. How long does it last on one set of batteries and is it as loud as a regular amp?
Im looking to amplify my harp. I wont need it all the time, just probably at larger cocktail parties where people are talking to bring out the sound.
How would you feel about the performance for a DJ controller to get hooked up to it?
does it fit a left handed epiphone les paul guitar?
will this work with a les paul studio
Does my ES 175 premium fit in this case?
I have a Ibanez Artcore Hollow Body with wammy. Will this case fork for it?
will a 4 string epiphone les paul standard bass year model 2003 fit in this case
Will the case fit the Epiphone Riviera Hollow Body P93
Does a Epiphone les paul special I P-90 fit in?
Does this case fit a Les Paul Junior model?
What color is the inside padding?
will it fit an epiphone genesis deluxe pro
what type of case could i buy for this guitar
How does the kill pot work? Do you have to pull it back up when you push down to kill the signal, or does it spring back up on its own?
Lam Alder/Maple,is it good?
Does this guitar have a pick guard? http://www.amazon.com/Epiphone-Specia...
Where is it made?
Good guitar for a beginner? Anyone used it with Rocksmith on Xbox?
Does it come with a strap?
In the box, the guitar brings cable too?
SET-NECK or BOLT ON?
is there a place to put a strap on the back?
about 10 minutes after tuning the guitar, should the G string break. Are you kidding me, she hasn't even gotten started?!!!
Does the design look exactly like in the picture? Im talking about the nice wood line finish on the picture.
How is the packaging? Will I have to worry about a broken string or a cracked fret board?
I once bought a super cheap guitar and it smelled heavily of varnish. Does this guitar (in any of the finishes) smell strongly? Weird question i guess
Does this model have a truss rod?
is this item still available? im from malaysia do you ship to malaysia and does the price includes shipping? thanks
how wide is the finger board
Hi! What kind of strings does this guitar have?
Is the wood varnished or bare wood?
Does this guitar have a truss rod ?
will this fit the Epiphone DR-100?
will this case fit an epiphone pr200?
Product Details says Model is "940-EDREAD". Epiphones website case fitment chart says 940-EDREAD fits the AJ-100/CE and DR-212 both. Anyone concure?
Will this case fit the Limited Edition DR-90?
will this case fit an epiphone hummingbird pro?
Will this fit a DR-500MCE? Thanks.
will it fit a dr 500 mce
Will my AJ-220SCE fit?
Will this fit the original vintage Epiphone Texan, circa 1959?
does this come with a key? doesn't mention it in the description, looks like it has a key hole in one of the pictures
Will a seagull s12 fit?
Hi Does this case fit a Gitane Gypsy Guitar DG 340 Stephanne Wremble? cause the guitar dimensions are: 44.9 x 20.9 x 5.9 inches ; 7.9 pounds
I have a Gibson Southern Jumbo guitar, whcih I believe is the same size as Gibson's J-45 model. Will my guitar fit in this case?
wil it fit a epiphone dr500mce?
This case has admirers and haters. Why the differences in experience? Are we talking about the same case? I've got the 000-version which I love --
Will a Takamine F340 fit?
Will this case fit a Yamaha FG700s?
Will this fit a Taylor 114ce?
Is this case recommended for the Taylor "Big" Baby ?.
Is the interior cushioning just styrofoam (with plush lining over top)?
is this guitar lightweight?
Is this a left handed guitar?
does it come with a pick guard? I know the picture does not show it but guitar center website has this same guitar pictured with a pick guard.
Product arrived last week, and I get a heavy buzzing sound when I play the lower strings hard. Anyone know what might be wrong?
why is that the sg materials on here say alder/maple, when on the epiphone stateside it says mahogany? Is this made of the combination or mahogany?
Does it come with a strap? Or a plug for an amp?
What hardshell case would fit this?
can you put a wammy bar? how?
Epiphone quotes the body material as mahogany. The Amazon description is a alder-maple laminate. I suspect the Amazon spec is incorrect?
how much does it weigh?
Is this the type of device that allows you to plug in a vocal microphone to sing or speak into the AV receiver &amp; out to your surround sound speakers?
Could you confirm if this device have dual voltage capacity 110V / 220V or auto voltage?
DOES THIS HAVE PHANTOM POWER?
does it have built in effects
Will this mixer work with high pitched whistles and flutes?
Is this a left handed guitar?
do the strings have to be steel or does bronze also work?
Does this guitar have 2 buttons for a strap? Also, what strings here on amazon would you recommend buying as back-up if one breaks?
do we a get a pick along with this guitar?
Should I switch the strings or are they good enough?
Does it have a case
Hi. I would like to buy this guitar, but I need it to be for a left-handed player. Can you do that?
ship it to Philippines, How much it cost?
Does this have a pickup in it? I'm looking for one to plug into a sound system for my Church.
Finish is matte or glossy?
Can you point me to a gig bag or an inexpensive case for the Epiphone ES 339?
Is this gig bag for a Les Paul and is it padded?
Will it fit an Epiphone Les Paul-100?
Will this bag fit an Epiphone Les Paul Florentine (semi-hollowbody)?
Can it fit an acoustic guitar?
will it fit epiphone SG model?
will it fit bc rich warbeast trace?
Will this bag work for a Ephiphone Gibson PR200 NA?
would a bacchus G-Studio or G-Deluxe be able to fit in here? (noobie trying to enter the guitar world)
will this bag hold most electric guitars?
Is this flight safe?
does the ibanez rg450dx fits in this case?
will this case fit Charvel san dimas style 1HH?
Will this case for a Kramer Pacer?
Will this fit a Jackson Dinky with 24 frets and a reverse headstock?
Will Jackson Adrian smith fit in this case?
Anyone know if this case will accommodate a Les Paul shape? eg PRS 245 single-cut
does an ibanez rg450dx fit on it?
I'm planning on checking my guitar in with this case.. 50lbs allowance, planning on filling up with my pedals etc.. Has anyone checked this case in?
Does this case fit a bc rich mockingbird ? Thanks
what size pipe does this clamp fit?
how many clamps come with this purchase and will they work with driving lights for a vehicle attached to a roof rack?
What are these made of? Plastic, or metal? Thanks
Do these clamps come pictured, with the knurled knob? I've seen the same clamps, same model number with a t-handle rather than a knurled knob.
Will these reduce the noise associated with a computer server? I have a server which gives off a lot of hard drive and fan noise. Will these help?
how many they send, only these 2 pieces or?
will these make a vocal booth suitable for recording? I've been trying to educate myself on this stuff but I kinda need this in Laymans terms
What do ya'll recommend for mounting theses? Looking for something simple and clean, don't want any makes when removed.
What about flame spread and smoke development, what are these rated? Flame retardent? Not recommended next to heating units?
I'm thinking about buying some of these for my theater room to try to soundproof it. Is it a waste if there is a window in the room?
Would the adhesive spray hold the squares onto a ceiling?
I have a big room I need to reduce echo in. Is 24 enough if I put them throughout the room in 2x2 diamond patterns?
I need to minimize the echos in my 8 x 8 room / recording booth. . ive tried hanging a couple of blankets up and it cut them down a little, but i want them down a little bit more. will this package help me with this problem?
i live on top of a dog kennel . i know thats crazy but will these panels work on the kennel ceilings beneath me?
Some reviewers said that it doesn't come with a mallet but the description says that it does. Does it?
What are the display dimensions of this? Thanks!
Is the color silver or brass?
would like to hear what it sounds like
does this product work with magnepan speakers
does it work with down fire speakers?
If placing a subwoofer on top of this riser, should the feet be kept on or taken off?
Will this support an ampeg 6x10?
Is the height of Auralex AmpDude exactly the same(2.75 Inches) as Auralex GRAMMA?
Are the materials and construction of this product of such lofty quality that a low budget alternative cannot be easily constructed?
I heared it's very sensitive mic and my play room is not 100% silent, so is it captures all the natural sounds in the play room?
What's in The Box?
Can anyone share what interface they use with this mic? I see someone recommended the Focusrite Scarlett 2i2. Any others you would recommend?
Would this be a good mic to record a B flat trumpet or flugelhorn
God Bless you. Can this microphone hook up to a Desktop with a USB?
Is there a warrantee for these?
How can i use this directly to my Mac OS x? Do i need something else to make it compatible and would there be a difference in Sound Quality if it is?
can you record a loud vocal in this microphone without it coming out peaked?
I have a mic stand but the shock mount thread is too large. What adapter do I need for it ?
Will this mic work for things like skype, Teamspeak, in-game voice chat if i have the other items needed?
Do these include both two of the Mopads and two of the related wedges, which allow a range of speaker angles from 8 degrees down to 8 degrees up?
Are these wedges dense foam or soft? I would like to use to put under through wall AC to tilt backwards. Will these work for that application?
I have some extra 2 inch "egg crate" style acoustic foam tiles. I threw one tile under each monitor and it works. Any reason I need this instead?
Will one pair take care of two Mackie MR5's?
Do these work for krk rokit 8s? The length and width seems to be quite short.
1 pair covers 2x Adam a7x? Or do I need to buy 2 pairs?
is this going to fit the tannoy reveal 402?
If these are bigger than your speaker footprint, do you cut them down to size?
Will these pads mark/discolor a wood floor?
do have a drawing of the Mopads to show dimensions, height, length angle, have to predict the height of my tweeter in the room
which color is heavy?
How does this pick compare to Acetal material such as a Clayton acetal pick please? I prefer warmer mellow tones.
How many picks do you get? How many picks do you get?
Is the logo on both sides or is the opposite side plain?
Wich thickness is good for shreding?
does the package have a sticker?
Its been 3 weeks, when can I expect my purchase?
Are these polished or rough? My hands sweat and the polished ones slip around
What is the thickness of these picks?
How many are in the pack?
How many picks? How many picks are included with this?
which color is heavy?
How does this pick compare to Acetal material such as a Clayton acetal pick please? I prefer warmer mellow tones.
How many picks do you get? How many picks do you get?
Is the logo on both sides or is the opposite side plain?
Wich thickness is good for shreding?
does the package have a sticker?
Its been 3 weeks, when can I expect my purchase?
Are these polished or rough? My hands sweat and the polished ones slip around
How does this compare to guitar honey for cleaning and maintaining the fretboard?
Seller claimed Fast Fret was "Factory Sealed." Has anyone gotten their FF sealed or was it just an unsealed can?
How is this stuff on Bass strings? Thanks people!
Can this product use with violin?
I just received my first tube/stick of Fast Fret. How do you know when it runs out? And how much should I put on?
How much extra life does one get out of a set of strings by using this product daily?
My favorite guitar is stored out in the open on a stand. My other guitars are in cases. Is this the right humidifier for me?
what kind of water use for the sponge? my friend told me it has to be distill water?
Is this supposed to come with a sponge included? I just got mine and there was no sponge in it.
Will this humidifier work with a 3/4 size guitar?
How does this work if your guitar case is stored on edge?
I'm lazy and prefer to do humidifier maintenance every week or 10 days, is there one with a bigger sponge or that holds water longer?
Will the GEL PAK for the STRETTO HUMIDIFIER for violin fit in this container instead of a sponge?I am confident with the gel pak.NO DRIPS.LASTS LONG.
Will the GEL PAK for the STRETTO HUMIDIFIER for violin fit in this container instead of a sponge?I am confident with the gel pak.NO DRIPS.LASTS LONG.
Does this need to be used with a closed case? I typically leave my guitars on stands. Can it be used vertically without spilling/damaging the guitar?
What type of connector does it use?
Is this a good mic for podcasting (with the right mixer and equipment, of course)?
Is this a good enough quality mic to use for street performing? (vocal and acoustic guitar)
Is this mic balanced or unbalanced? I'm looking for a balanced mic that will give me an acceptable crisp sound on a budget(unbalanced is noise galore)
could i use this to record vocals and acoustic guitar, as well as be able to mic up my electric guitar amp?
If I buy this microphone, I still need a cable, right? If so, is there a wireless version?
what does "CE"mean on the body on my newly purchased sm48?..my old sm48 (bought in amazon too) does not have
just received my SM48 mic (2Nos.). Why do they have "LC" label on body while my old one (bought in amazon too) doesn't have? What does "LC"mean?
I get noise while touching/moving the cable close to mic connector. How to ratify that?
Will this mic work with an xlr to 1/4 cable plugged into an amp?
Does it hold a 20" China?
How many cymbals can it hold?
may I use it on intenational flight ( checked to luggage storage) ? Is it hard enough and lockable?
does this case has wheels
does it have some padding
Does this case have the pin in the middle to hold them in place?
Does this zildjian cymbal safe come with felt washers so you can separate/protect the cymbals inside?
What's the size of the largest cymbal you can put it here?
Is this the clear or the hazy drum head?
does the snare drum have a echo?
what is the thickness?
Is this the entire head? Metal fitting included? Or is it just that part that's hit?
Is this for the top of the snare? Or is this for the bottom of the snare? Or will this fit both top and bottom?
Is there a headphone out socket?
Would this be good for bass guitar?
Can I plug an ipod into this?
does it have an aux in to play devices through it?
Has anyone tried to adapt this to work with a 9v battery, or is that too little mAh?
hello do you send to france?
Has anyone tried an AC adapter when the amp won't work with batteries? Just wondering if that would make a difference before buying one.
What size end pin jack and ukulele pick up of choice that fits the Pignose amplifier.
Would like to know what cord to use to plug in from ukulele pickup to Pignose amplifier.
Is there a plug microphone?
are these embossed with the Zildjian logo? I have a set of Zildjian that are embossed.
what are the dimensions of this item?
what are the dimensions of this item?
Can it handle deep bass tones or is the hog 30 better for that range?
Does this have the same snarl and grind as the famed 7100? I've got a 7100 with a Jensen MOD speaker. Whoa Nellie! Too quiet for sessions, though
When the amp is on charge the light is yellow...when I turn the main switch off the light is red for a coupla' seconds. Is this normal?
The description says "two instrument inputs" but I only see one. This is the second time on Amazon I've seen that claim on Pignose amps. Verify?
How long does it take to charge from nothing to full?
Is this the right portable amp for singing and playing resonator blues (at the same time). I.E. mic and guitar...
I found a 100V-240V 50-60Hz to 12VDC adapter for this amp on the site. Can I use the amp with the adapter if I remove the bateries?
Does this amp work with 220VAC 50Hz or is it just for 110VAC?
What kind of battery does the unit have? How many volts, size; is it replaceable? Buy in hardware stores?
What kind of battery does the unit have? How many volts, size; is it replaceable? Buy in hardware stores?
trying to figure out how high the main stand adjusts, then how long the boom is and how wide the base span is
the mic clip is too small, is there a specific mic clip i need to buy to be compatible with this mic stand?
Is the base detachable
Does this stand come with the mic clip? Will it fit a Sennheiser E609?
does samson meteor fit on this?
will this fit the at2020 with a shockmount?
Would this be suitable while playing the keyboard (I am short) ?
Does the mic adapter unscrew to put on a different one ?
This is good for condenser mics? Support the MXL 770 + SHOCKMOUNT ?
Could someone tell me how tall this stand is?
Will this fit an Alvarez DC60-12?
Any idea if this will fit a epiphone riviera XII? Also has a bigsby tremolo.
Will this case fit a Martin 12X1AE 12 String Guitar
Is there a strap available so the case can be carried over a shoulder or like a backpack? If so, where can it be purchased?
Will this case fit my husband's Fender CD100 12-String? I'm trying to find him a nice case for it but am clueless about guitars!!
Anyone used this preamp to connect a condenser mic into a camcorder? I have Canon Vixia HFM500?
i want to make sure this is the V2
Does it come with a rack mount, and how wide is it?
Can I plug a microphone into this and record or do i need additional equiptment ?
Would this be a valuable addition to my 44VSL and headphone amp for podcasting?
Will this work with my Thorns turntable
we need a practice amp for both guitar and bass. its for a small space. can this one handle bass w\o dying? how about elec drums?
The description says that this has "2 instrument inputs" but I only see one. Could someone verify? Thx.
How do you know when the amp is fully charged?
Can this amp hold both acoustic guitar and acoustic bass at the same time?
will the amp work with just the power adapter?
Is this amp for an electric bass guitar?
does this come with an adaptor?
could I put this pickup in the middle position with another one in the neck and a classic plus in the bridge?
is this Gibson 57 Classic Humbucker original????
is this Gibson 57 Classic Humbucker 4-wired ????????
Do these have the Gibson quick disconnects?
How Dark is the Nickel Plated cover ? , and would it work well in the Neck possition ?
is this for the set or for one humbucker?
Is this a single conductor or 4 wire?
is this pickup: for nek, middle or bridge ?
Is this pickup made with Alnico II magnets or Alnico III?
I read that the straps are broken easily, my question is, if I take the bag to a sewing thing for the straps would hold a complete set of cymbals?
Is it true that the straps come off easily?
does it have any pocket in order to put in the drumstick?
Does this same style bag come in a 20 inch size?
how many cymbals can it fit?
What country is this made in?
how long can one gallon of fog juice last? how much fog does one pint produce?
Does the machine require a specific liquid to function or will plain water do?
is the remote control for this unit hardwired into the unit or can you unplug it and plug in your chauvet wireless remote?
how do you stop it from clogging up ? Bought one and used it intermittently but is Clogged and doesn't work, skeptical ?
Is there a spot on the back of the machine to plug in a remote timer? I already own a plug in timer.
How would this handle a 23 ft by 13 ft basement?
does it work in other countries that the outlets put out 220-240W ?
Will this work outside? Or will it be too diluted? I was wondering about putting it on my front porch for halloween to make it look a little more creepy for trick or treaters.
Does this fog machine include the liquid?
How many feet will the fog cover?
What stand do I use with this?
Does anyone know for sure if a shock mount comes with the mic?
How does this mic do for Brass instruments?
Is there a certain xlr mtf cable that produces phantom power that I have to use with this mic? If so, I want a noise free one with good quality
What usb audio interface would go well with this mic?
What USB audio interface should I use with this mic? Also whats the best cord to connect the mic and the interface with?
Does this microphone perform better than the Blue Yeti?
Do the included mounts have the right threads to fit a standard threaded mic stand, or is a thread adapter needed?
Will a Mackie blackjack have enough power for this mic? (its an usb 1.1 interface)
Will a Focusrite 2i2 have enough juice to power this mic? Enough for this plus another LDC mic?
Why do reviews state there are only one string in this, when it clearly staes 6 pack?
Why do reviews state there is only one string in this, when it clearly states 6 pack? It IS 6 size 9 strings for $3.05, correct?
How many strings comes with it?
is this recorder coming with any cases?
what ages would this be for?
How many days will be get this item with standard shipping ? Ships to 90277
Is this Baroque (hence the B) and not German fingering?
Is this a good idea for a toddler, or should I just buy a toy recorder?
Does it come with a cleaning rod?
has anyone compared this with the Yamaha YRS24B series ivory-colored models? Is this exactly the same, or different in feel and tone?
Does it come with a plastic case or sleeve?
Does this recorder have baroque fingering?
Can I learn to play Jazz On This Thing?
How long is the cord?
Can you get it to work on a lefty?
I don't want cable hanging thru soundhole. any options??
Will this plug into an alvarez 600t preamp?
Will it fit on Fender CD60 acoustic guitar?
and I have to use the two juices or I can use one and if so, what is the most recommended
If the temp is warm outside, does this low lying fogger ask like a regular high rising fogger? Ice then not necessary?
Is there a wireless remote available for the Mister Kool fogger?
DMX Controllable?
Does anyone know if dry ice could be used??
How many amps does this unit draw?
Does this machine come with a timer controller as pictured, or does one need to be purchased separately?
can this be used outside?
Does this work without ice as a regular fogger? I'm deciding between this one and a conventional one. Don't need low lying but it's nice to have.
Does the blower run even when the machine is not producing fog? I've had another low fogger that did and it melts the ice quickly.
Are the switches relay driven or hard wired to the plugs?
are the sockets on this unit three prong for grounded plugs?
How long is the power cord. Does it come with an extension plate for full rack (width0 mounting? Thanx
can this be rack mounted looks a little small? What do the holes fit?
I want to use this in my dorm for a variety of different lights. 1 strand of rope lights, 1 florescent fixture, and some xmas lights. Will it work?
Voltage 110 or 220??
Will it allow me to use my Brother's PT-123 label printer with my MAC Power Book?
Is the top tube one solid tube through the center, or two short tubes connecting in the middle with support struts connecting below?
Does anyone know how tall the stand is when the extenders are collapsed to the lowest point?
ARE THEY ROUND OR SQ
I have one piece of equipment that is 38 lbs. Will this stand be stable holding that one heavy piece without concern of tipping forward?
What is the minimum height this bar can be lowered to? I'm looking to use this as a blanket stand for newborn photography.
How long is the T bar.
If you put this near a dance floor, how can you prevent it from accidentally being knocked over?
How do you hang ADJ vertigo hex light?
hello, is the whole stand made out of aluminum or is part of it steel?
I have 3 LED lighting units. If I only buy 1 lightstand, should I place it in front of, or behind, my DJ setup? Or do I really need 2 lightstands?
I have one piece of equipment that is 38 lbs that I plan to hang in the center. Will this hold the one piece in the center without tipping forward?
I have a 4 play that you slide horizontally on the speaker stand. Is the top T removable so I can put the 4 play lights on and then put the t back on?
Is it measuring RMS or Peak?
what is it used for?
It is black? or white?
How wide is the body of this vu meter? The specs say 19", but I am guessing that includes the rackmount tabs. nd to know width of just the body.
I Wanted to know if you can buy it without the power supply.
Does it come with strings or a noter?
does the dulcimer ACD100 fit the dulcimer gig bag? Where is the ACD100 made?
can i add a pickup?
Is there an app to tune?
Your listing says 6 1/2 fret but the picture is not a 6 1/2 fret model. Which is it?
does it come with strings and is it tuned
Is the dulcimer played with one hand
Can I tune it with a guitar tuner?
I have seen this dulcimer selling with extras such as picks, noter and small book. Does this one include them?
What is its' size and does anything come that will give me instructions like a dvd or book.
would this be suitable for holding a banjo?
Is this suitable for a 3/4 size guitar?
Would you recommend this for an acoustic bass? Or is the bass too large to balance properly on it?
Would a ukulele fit for this stand?
Would this be a suitable stand for a Baby Taylor Guitar?
Would this work for an acoustic ovation guitar with the rounded back?(old model with rounded back. Balleder model 1112-4.)
Has anyone used this stand with a cello? My daughter has a 1/4 cello and I am trying to find something inexpensive.
What angle is this stand? The others I've seen are at least
What angle is this stand? The others I've seen are at least
What angle is this stand? The others I've seen are at least
my LP's are in outer protective sleeves (which go over the jacket) is there room on either side of the lp's when in the case??
all my LP's are ion sealed japanese mylar bags, will these even fit ini this case, the tolerances look VERY tight. HELP?
How do you get the case open??
Does this hold 45rpms or is designed specifically for LPs?
I"m confused, does it have wheels ?
I use thicker outer record sleeves( 5 mil I think) to store my records in. Will they fit in the compartments with no problem?
Does the lid come off ?
What are the record case dimensions?
So, it doesn't have wheels, like it shows in the picture? Does it have a 3rd compartment as shown in the picture with cd's and headphones in it?
I have a couple of guitars that are too bright sounding using phosphor bronze strings. Would this be a good set to mellow the tone out and warm it up?
What country are these strings made in please?
How long will a set of these strings last with 1-2 hours daily regular practice please?
what case fits this guitar?
Product weight 32.2 pounds? That has to be the heaviest guitar I have ever heard of.
How thick is this guitar???
Does it include a tuner with the 3-band EQ???
Will this guitar have the onboard tuner like my other Ibanez acoustic electrics?
What size legs do they hold? are they 9.5/10.5?
Do you get three of these and what size are they?
a floor tom requires 3 of these. if you only have 2 it will fall over. 3 to balance. you have a limit of 2. makes no sense. why?????
Will it work on electric guitar, too, or just acoustic?
Will this fit the tuner for a banjo's 5th string? (It's a bit larger than the other strings' tuners)
Does it work on classic guitar?
Will the bass version tuner work just as well on regular electric and acoustic guitars?
Does the guitar one clip bass strings fine? I dont want to need a separate one for bass and guitar.
What type of metal is this made out of?
Anyone know if it will fit/work for an electric ukelele?
Can the guitar version of this cut bass strings as well as guitar strings?
What is the build quality of the appendage that locks the grips of the clipper together? Is it made of plastic? Metal?
will it work on a classical guitar as well? also, does it come with instructions?
Why are these ranked #1 in the category "Fishing" ?
what is the difference between slinky and non slinky?
I'm looking for extra strings for my new Les Paul Special II. I'm buing guitar from amazon, it costs $149. Are this strings compatible?
Do all 6 strings come in the "1 pack"?
ok..will these strings work for me? I am just learning, bough Rocksmith, trouble tuning broke a string. I have NO idea what kind to buy, help please
Would the Super Slinky (9-42) be good for a 25.5 inch scale guitar?I want to put them on my Kramer Pacer Classic.
Is an e string part of this package
Do these work on any electric guitar?
Would the "not even" strings be good for drop c and drop b tuning?
The advertised product is for "Skinny Top/Heavy Bottom Slinky Nickel Wound Set (10 - 52)" but I'm seeing an image of 8-38's (Extra Slinky). Why?
What is the difference between poly web and nano web? Which is warmer, less bright?
What is the difference in sound between an 80/20 and phosphor bronze please? And poly and nano web? Which is warmer, less bright?
Anyone ever used these on a jasmine guitar. Im a beginner. I got a fairly cheap guitar . I dont want to use the strings it comes. It is worth it?
Is the third string wound?
No mention of being round wound or flat wound.
can i use these strings on an accoustic guitar?
what size strings would you guys recommend for a beginner that has no experience whatsoever with any kind of instrument Any answer I will appreciate
do these ones have the anti-rust plain steels?
I play guitar for about 2 hours everyday about how long will these strings last?
I can use this on electric bass?
Is this ok, on satin finish ?
Probably know the answer already but just to be sure: Is it fine to use these products on classical guitars?
Does this work well on a Strat? I just bought my first one and want to do everything right with it.
What does the kit include?
Will this maintenance kit work on a les paul I'm new and heard some clear coat finishes can't handle certain cleaners and polishes what should I use
Flamed maple top Mahogany body Mahogany neck Rosewood fretboard with albony and pearl inlays...Would this be okay to use?
Can i use this to clean maple necks?
Does this kit include the Dunlop Fretboard 65 Ultimate Lemon Oil and string winder?
I have Seagull Acustic Guitar. Company's website says do not use wax based cleaning materials. Does any of the liquid in this package made of wax?
What is the difference in sound between the 80/20s and the Phosphor Bronze nano web? I enjoy ease of fingering, warm sound, projection. Which one?
1) Some packaging for these strings says "with ANTI-RUST plain steels;" is this newer? If the packaging doesn't say it,do they not have that property?
I own a Wasburn D10N guitar and can't decide between the Elixir Light Nanoweb 80/20 Bronze and Phosphor bronze. Any suggestions - spruce top?
Do these work with the Epiphone DR-100 Acoustic Guitar? I'm a beginner
Explain the differences in light, medium light , medium I think this is the most important question know one addresses
I have a Taylor Mini GS that came with medium gauge strings. What would be the difference with the light guage strings?
What you recommended for a Yamaha APX 500ii?
Will this make you sound like Sungha Jung?
I have a baby taylor acoustic guitar. Can I use these strings? I'm a beginner..
What number size is this guitar string?
is it good
which is better the dean xmt or the evo xm?
What size is the body? and how thick is the body/ also what is the neck scale length ? Thanks you in advance
Could someone recommend a good/inexpensive hard case; would it fit in the EPIPHONE LES PAUL HARD CASE?
does it come with amp cord, picks?
Can i see the real guitar in the box for see what wood look ?
Excuse me, do you ship this to the United Kingdom?
is it useed in bands
is it crappy.
I have a condenser mic (phantom powered) and I get RFI thru it: Will this cable eliminate it? Thanx!
Is the one cable or a pair?
Are these counterfeit? From the comments here, it sounds like MOGAMI is a complete fraud and a sham. Is that the case?
I have a condenser mic (phantom powered) and I get RFI thru it: Will this cable eliminate it? Thanx!
How is the sound of this? how does it play?
The product description is confusing. Does this clarinet have plastic body rings or silver plated nickel rings? Does it have a bell ring or not?
I want to buy semi-professional clarinet. Is it good? Or Wood material better!?!?
Do u have case come with it?
This is a wood model, yes?
what dose the clarinet come with?
Does the new Buffet Crampon B12 Student Bb Clarinet come with a case?
Can speaker good for the karaoke
do you get 2 speakers Dual 15 Inch Speaker "as a set of 2" or 1 Dual 15 Inch Speaker
Can this speakers handle this amp MUSYSIC 2 Channel 3200 Watts DJ PAProfessional Power Amplifier 2U Rack mount SYS-3200?
Would a sony str-dn840 7.2 channel 1050-watt a/v receiver be able to power this speaker?
can another powered speaker with a amp power these speakers or would i nred a separate amp just for these?
what receiver would you recommend using this speaker with?
what size amp would work best..any suggetions
IS THIS SPEAKER HAVE BUILT IN AM[LIFIER
are they 1400 watts each or combined?
What's the Peak Power on this Speaker?
Is it compatible with the technics SL-2000?
I have an old SL Q2...will this fit? Looks very similar
What stylus to use on a technics sl-1700
Is this compatible for an SL-1100
will this fit on a technics 1200?
Why was the item shipped as separate components and not shipped pre-mounted as advertised?
I'm look for best needle and headshell combo for a vintage Technics Direct Drive SL-D303, circa 1973?
Why are these so expensive? Pretty sure these were no more than $60 a few years ago
hello, this product is compatible with the Technics SL-1200 MK2 ?
is this a pair?
what is the diameter on this tuner? will it fit a 3/8" hole?
A review down below, says that these aren't for electric guitars? Is this true? Planned on putting these on an Epi Les Paul.
will they fit on my older schecter hell raiser,with grover tuners
Hey i have an 8 string electric guitar, how can i get a custom order of 8 tuners?
Does it have a gear compartment? I.E. Storage for picks and tuners?
Overall diminisions of case?
I have a Rogue A style will this case it fit in this case ?
How deep is the interior? I need something 3" deep. And the body of my mandolin is 13.5" long.
I have Kentucky KM 252 A style will it fit in this case?
I have an Ibanez M510 A Style mandolin, would anybody know if this case fits it?
Does it fit for a banjo ukulele? About 9" or 8" for the drum and 16" for the neck, thank you !
will a km-140 fit in this case
does a kentucky standard a model km-150 mandolin fit in this case please answer asap
Would you recommend this for tuning Tama drums? I understand the ear is your best friend when tuning ,but to get your exact tension measurement I thought it would be cool .I'm just not sure
Can this be used to tune the timpani?
Am new to drumming. Is there set tensions to set each drum to in a set? Does this drum dial come with any parameters to set drum heads to?
Would this be good for tuning hand drums? How would I know what tension to tune for?
Hi, can the drumdial be used to tune timbales?
Can this be used to tune a banjo head?
Can this be used to tune a evans emad 2 kick head. It has that ring around the edge, so thats why I ask?
How does this work
Can this dial handle high tension marching drum tuning (snare, tenor, bass)?
Can this tune electric snare drum, or at least get the right tension?
Whats the difference between the Shubbs S1 and the Deluxe S1 capo ? Thanks, Mick
Whats the dif,Shubb S1 and Deluxe S1 ?
Is it suitable for Martin 000x1? does the 855 have the ability to be paired and active with a computer and a cell phone at the same time?
Are the bells all one size?
Do you have cassette tapes and colored coded cards for the music director?
Do they come with any type of case?
is this a set that has hand-held cards by a leader, so bell players can follow the cards via colors?
PLEASE let me know Where they are made. I cannot buy from China.. etc. And is the paint child-safe? Thanks!
are the handles made out of wood or plastic?
Hi, im trying to checkout on Amazon for a delivery to Singapore but it states no delivery to Singapore. Anyway to go about this?
Can your products be shipped to Singapore? I am looking for something just like these.
Does this set come with any music?
Where can I buy a set that has sharps and flats, so they can be played in another key besides the key of C?
Can this cable work with non-Yamaha keyboards?
This is a technical question. Is this a class-compliant USB MIDI device ?
I am planning to buy a Yamaha MFC10 foot controller. Would the Yamaha UX16 cable be enough to get the foot controller to work on a MacBook Air?
Will this cable work with a Yamaha p100 digital piano?
Would this cord work for a Yamaha P-95 keyboard using Finale Songwriter?
Can I use this cable connected to a converter connected to my ipad and get my musical keyboard to talk to my ipad.
does anyone know if this will work with a vintage YS100?
Will this work with Windows 7?
Can I connect the Yamaha cable to the AmazonBasics USB 2.0 two meter extension cable without screwing up the signal?
Hi! Could you shipping at APO/AE address? This is my zip code address: 09320 I'm waiting your answer. Best regards!!!
How do you claim the lifetime warranty? I have a cable that went bad , need a new one?
Is it 12 inches or feets?
is this a good cable to connect a Roland KC550 amplifier to a Roland RD-700 digital piano
The description seems to indicate that this cable is tailored for guitars. Will it still work well on other things (like a keyboard)?
My Takamine/ Jas is acc/electric.I don't want the hassle of having to loosen its strings to change the battery. Is this p/u ez to mount?
Will this work with a lef-handed guitar (ie. can it be flipped or rotated)?
can i use this with distortion from my amp? when i say "can" i, i mean will the sound quality be altered?
Is this compatible with Rocksmith?
does this work fine for nylon??
Is the plug in part to an amp a female or a famine plug in?
Can this be used with a Tascam CD-GT2 for training?
Would this work with a Seagull 3/4 size guitar?
will this pickup fit the sound hole of a martin LX1 acoustic guitar?
Would this pickup be good for use in an acoustic bass guitar?
Does this come with an oboe fingering option?
How appropriate is this for a beginner clarinet player?
What equipment I need for to play this musical instrument?
How does the MIDI signal get out? Is it a 5 pin DIN or something more compact? How big of a hassle is the cable when used on stage?
Can the WX5 be connected to a P255 keyboard?
Question from a noob: Controller -&gt; ??? -&gt; audio out: My question is this: If I get this controller, what other equipment will I need in order to practice "silently" with a pair of headphones?
wil this fit a bc rich warlock guitar?
Will my Fender Jazzmaster Electric Guitar fit in this properly?
Will it fit a Gibson Firebird?
We need a hard case for the Squier Fender Bronco Bass. It is a bit smaller - for a young player. Will this fit?
Will my Ibanez S570dxqm fit in this?
Will this fit a Fender mustang?
what is the country of origin?
does this case can fit on a esp ltd ec1000 lefthanded deluxe model ?
Does this fit a Line 6 Variax JTV 89F guitar?
what about fitting an acoustic electric guitar?
What is the difference between the EXP16 and the EJ16 strings? They're both phosphor bronze so wondering. Thx. : )
My Teton came with these EXP strings and sounded great. I tried the non-coated kind of same gauge and were SHRILL. Does the coating mute the highs?
HI there, I'm Confused that the picture shows exp 17 whereas the title shows exp 16....Can you make me clear please???
I found these strings painful to fingerpick. Are they suitable for that or do I need a lighter gauge?
Just noticed this Kent acoustic guitar has a pinless bridge. Are these strings universal; can these be used with a pinless bridge?
I am very sensitive to high pitches and tones. I'm looking for warm low mellow strings. Which set of strings (type and gauge) do you recommend?
How well do these strings last if they are put through different tuning setups frequently?
Is it a set of 6 strings?
Debate time! :D In your opinion which is the better-sounding string: the D'Addario EXP phosphor bronze or Elixer nano-web phosphor bronze?
12 yr old given relative's old Kent, to begin his first-ever guitar experience. Needs strings. Are these strings ok for this cheap acoustic?
will this fit my ID of my stand tubing 23.09mm or .90" thanks for your help
The description says it fits standard 1-inch tubing. Is this the inner diameter of the tubing, or the outer diameter?
Could the tubes rotate lower almost vertically down in order to use it as a music stand for my piano? I'd like to put a music binder on it.
Could I lower the tubes to an almost vertical position in order to use it as a temporary music stand for holding a music binder?
Would this hold a Casio Privia PX-5S on the second tier? The weight of this digital piano is 26 pounds. I'm using a Kawai MP7 on the KS7150 stand.
does this fit all On Stage Stands? Does the unit slip inside the tubing of the existing stand.
Do the arms adjust in and out, independently as well? Or is the length dependent upon the width of the stand it attaches to?
Does this just attach onto your stand or can it hold up the keyboard with out a stand.
how to install on a OnStage KS7190? The KS7190 is listed as compatible, but there are no compatible screw holes on the ends of the tubing of the KS7190.
I can use it to hold a laptop?
Can I store my Epiphone Masterbilt DR-500MCE inside this case?
Does this case fit a Seagull S6 Original?
Would an Epiphone Dreadnought Acoustic fit here? Since Epiphone's head are always large. Thanks
Does this fit the Martin DX1AE?
Please post the interior dimensions for this case. i was wondering a Lag T100ACE will fit snugly inside. Thanks
Yamaha FG720 fit?
I have an Axtech 12-string guitar and am wonderin if it will fit into this case?
Would this case fit an Alvarez AD60 Acoustic
Does an acoustic Fender Statocaster fit in the case?
Will this case fit a Martin GPCPA3?
Will this case be a good fit for my prs Se 245
What color is the outside and inside of this case? The pics make it look dark brown on the outside black on inside is this correct?
is the inside lining removable from the shell?
Would this fit this: ktone 6 string hollow body electric guitar, free gig bag, white
ESP LTD EC 1000 will fit on this?
Is there enough clearance at the bridge to fit a Les Paul with a Floyd Rose? And is the pocket large enough for the trem bar?
will this fit a les paul with 24 frets?
Will a Telecaster fit in this case?
Will an SG fit in this case?
Is any Gibson Les Paul compatible?
Can this be folded? Is it made in the U. S.
what are the dimensions of this tabletop music stand?
How much weigh can the stand hold?
Is the metal magnetic?
What diameter is the support prop? I'm thinking of trying to mount it to a wall with a flag pole bracket.
how much does it weigh?
Is this correct?he prop on the back pivots so that you can adjust the slope of the stand for your music.
what size is it?
How much table space does this stand use (from front to back)?
does this include the bottoms or is it just one side for each?
Can i use those drumheads for this drum set? http://www.amazon.com/drum-complete-a...
Those heads are for snare, tom 1, tom 2 and floor tom?
how do you measure drum set heads ?
what are the sizes of these heads ?
can I change the inches? I need 10'', 12'' and 13''
When replacing drum heads is it necessary to replace both top and bottom heads? I am a beginner just wanting to replaced worn heads on used set.
How sturdy is this? Can you lean back on it as if it's an office or folding chair, or will that break something?
Will this back rest attach to the Roc "n " Soc guitar stool, short or tall, as well as the drum throne?
does it come with the bracket?
Can this be attached to all drum thrones, or only Roc 'n' Soc brand thrones?
Will this foot switch work with a Crate DXB112 ? The amp's manual says to use a 2 button switch.
will this work with the xt120r combo amp?
Will this function for a Crate FXT65 Model? With the correct cables Black &amp; White?
does this come with cables? i can buy a new one with cables at guitarcenter for 10$ more. these cables by themselves cost 20
Is this footswitch compatable with the GLX212?
Does this come with cables to hook up as well as instructions on how to hook it up?
is the remote detachable, (i.e. can I add extentsions to it) or is it part of the unit
Is this thing battery powered?
IS THERE ANY WAY TO HOOK IT UP TO A CAR BATTERY
How long is the cable for the wired remote?
Does this plug into the wall or can I use this outside where there is no electric plug
How do i clean it when im done? and how often should i clean it?
What is the "diameter" of the caps?
Would these fit over a closet tap light that measures 5 inches?
Will these fit the American DJ LED pinspots?
Do these cover outdoor flood lights?
can u see through them
are these non prescription contacts?
can you put them in your eye???
the color to choe from
what is diameter I need 6"
How does it compare to a Martin 12-string Acoustic Electric (Dreadnaught) guitar?
How wide is the lower bout?
Is this the newest 12-string acoustic-electric Takamine guitar?
What are the body dimensions of this guitar,....lower and upper bout,..overall length,..and thickness?
This oil "SuperSlick KRO Key Rotor Oil" is proper for Saxophones?
can it be used on saxophone?
I'm a trumpet player-I can't get to come out of the bottle.I remove cap squeeze and nothing happens!I want to use it like valve oil?
Hi I have 2442fx mixer connect to amplifier I'm trying to bring out bass so what do I need to bring the bass out speakers please help me I'm still
hi how do I connect it to behringer mixer 2442fx trying to bring out my bass from speakers
whether this can be used for key boards to improve sound quality, for giving more punch etc.
I want to use this for a home stereo system with standard cable connections. Does this unit accept such cables?
I'm using 1/4" mono to RCAs hooked up to a Carver C-1 External Processor Loop. I get sound with audio in, but nothing with the audio out engaged HELP!
Does this model come with both fuses, making it compatible for multi-county use?
does this eq work on a 5 channel surround sound system
Looking for clean crisp sound,Is this equaliser appropriate for non-professional home use?Is it too powerful for home use?
Connected to the CD player ok. I can't figure out how to connect to the FM radio on my receiver. Any detailed suggestions appreciated. Thanks!
How many Microphones can it connect at the same time?
do the rack brackets remove? need to put in cabinet with 18" or less width,thanks
Can I use speaker level inputs from my ONKYO 818 receiver as inputs to this equalizer(135W RMS/channel)?
does this eq only work on a 2 channel receiver or can it also work on a 5 channel surround sound system also
Does this unit have RCA jack in the back?
how do you hook it up using a cd player and a dac?
How do I hook up the equalizer to the amplifier?
im sory, i guess i asked the wrong question, i am using a 1000 watt inverter in a mobile set up, how many wats does it draw
I'm so new to this! I purchased an amplifier and the Behringer equalizer. Can somebody point me to the cord needed to connect them together?
Is this the mic Marc Maron uses on the show for podcasting?
Do you need a mixamp/preamp/mixer/audio interface to use this microphone on a PC or is it optional?
What would be an affordable preamp for podcasting and voice over work for the SM7B?
My interface's preamps have 57 dB of gain. Given that this is so close to 60, do you think it would work alright?
What's the country of origin? Mexico?
Should I get a cloudlifter with this mic and Focusrite Scarlett 2i4, or is that unnecessary?
Does it come with a mic stand or shock mount to hold it or do I need to buy my own? Also If I need my own what do you suggest?
Would this work with the blue icicle?
Does anyone have tried to use it with Mackie 802? I intend to use one with my Mackie but not sure if the gain will be enough! I'm open to suggestions.
Could this be used as a good mic for things like quality voice overs for YouTube videos and Lets Plays?
Is the finish matte or polished?
What kind of cable does it requires?
what kind of mic stand fits the thread of this microphone?
Nady PCM-200 Classic Dynamic Mic: Do I need to purchase a mic cable also, or is it power on and ready to go?
Whats the output?
So this microphone has no cable?
Do they make a cable to connect it to a computer. I want to buy this for a gift for my father, he does an internet doo wop show?
Does this mic require a stand if placed on a table? How tall is it, as shown?
is it metal or plastic??
is there an on and off switch on MIC ?? it looks like it in the photo with the front slide....
Does this come with a power supply?
The JJ Electronic tube I replaced the stock (Bugera) tube with doesn't glow as much as the stock tube, is this normal?
i have a solid state amp and wish to warm up the sound which is best for this the mic 200 or the vintage tube monster both by behringer
Would this be suitable for increasing the gain on a Yamaha RX-V375 AV Receiver's preamp output for a powered sub? I'm going into an unusual sub: directly into the amp of a modified Logitech Z680.
I have one MIC200 and I replaced the tube by electro-harmonix12AX7 hoping to get a better sound the only thing I have is noise. Can someone help me?
What cord do I need to connect this to a focus rite Scarlett i4
I believe I need XLRF to XLRM cable for the mic (AT2035) to preamp, but what do I need for preamp to pc? XLRF to usb?
A mic I'm looking at says it needs 1.5 - 10 V DC, but this preamp has a +48 V switch. Will this preamp work with the lower power mic?
Can someone explain? I'm a newbie..So does a preamp make your mic signal louder? So vocals would be louder without Clipping? thank you
I'm sold on the unit. Can somebody that is happy with the results suggest a replacement tube ? I was looking at the 12AY7EH Thanks
Does the seat swivel?
does the seat come off the shaft for transport?
What is the weight limit?
What is the thickness of the seat pad? Inches: bottom of seat to top.
How wide is the seat?
What is the Minimum and Maxium height adjustments in inches?
What is the Minimum and Maxium height adjustments in inches?
What is the Minimum and Maxium size of seat adjustment?
what is the size of the feet diamater?
How tall can this throne go?
how much this head shell weigh in grams?
Does this headshell come with lead wires? Thanks!
is it just read to plug a needle into?
will it work on my numark TTusb turntable?
will this work with sony ps t25
Does this work with Shure M44-7 cartridge?
According to the photo It comes w/ 4 colored wires right ? Thanks
Will it work well with a bass guitar?
Where is this pedal made?
does the ac adapter come with it
Does this pedal add a lot of noise to your signal?
Anyone know if this comes with the large vintage-style knob covers? Thanks!
Does this pedal provide hard or soft-knee compression?
Where is this pedal made?
will this hold a 16" drum?
can this stand be used for concert style playing? as in standing up and playing rather than a drum set. also, what is the height ranges for this stand
How high can this stand be adjusted; also how low?
Will this stand hold a 10" snare drum?
Will it fit a 12 inch practice pad or would it be too loose?
will this stand basket hold the wider wood rim snare?
What is the nut width and string spacing at the bridge?
Aside from price, what is REALLY the difference between this guitar and the Epiphone Hummingbird?
Where is the Gibson Hummingbird manufactured?
I wonder could you put a pickup on the guitar&iuml;&frac14;&#159;
does it come with a hardshell case
Year manufactured?
What condition is this guitar? Sure is a deep discount even for an 'excellent' used Hummingbird. If its what you say I'll buy it right now!
how much?
Is it 18v external power supply ONLY, or is there a battery compartment ? And is the power supply 18v DC or AC output ?
Is the 18v Power supply included with this pedal or do i have to buy it separately?
Can I connect a KD9 roland pedal to it? To increase the sound of the oedal?...tx
What does the stomp button do? Does it turn the eq on and off, or does it activate the gain setting? Or what?
My current setup for pedals is bass -&gt; Digitech Bass Squeeze compressor -&gt; Tech21 SansAmp BassDriver -&gt; amp. Where should this go in the string?
Can this be powered with a Voodoo Labs ISO-5 (which has an isolated 18V DC output)?
Can I use this EQ to adjust the tones/frequencies on my Sennheiser headphones when watching movies? If so, any special adaptors needed?
death metal
Can this preamp be used safely with a passive ribbon microphone?
I recently purchased this preamp and was wondering, could I use an "XLR to USB" output cable to run directly to my computer? Would that work?
what is the power supply for the unit?
Whats the best way to feed output from this to a PC or recorder with 3.5mm Jack?
is there two in this order
I see two heads in the picture, are these pairs (2) or just one head?
this come with single or double Falam slam patch???
how loud is this drum? is it suitable for apartment living?
I have a 2 1/2 year old grandson that loves music, sings, and banging on things, would this be a good first instrument for him?
would the 10" version be a better choice since it is bigger?
is the whole thing 8" or just the drum in the middle?
How to Tune Practice Pad? Anyone know how you tune a drum practice pad?
What are the dimensions?
Do you have to use the cassettes? I'm not interested in playing along with prerecorded music, just want to play my own music. UPDATE: Thanks for info. I got the qchord and pretty much happy with it. At least I won't have to tune or replace the strings...
Does it have a quarter inch jack output so you can put it in an amplifier
how do i change the key on the qchord
does it play guitar sounds and can it be free played?
is it just one tambourine?
Is it too heavy for a ten year old to play?
Do it come in a six inch size?
What is the weight of this tambourine
Do they work on a remo practice pad?
Would these work well with ddrum triggers?
Those who used for Alesis conversion. Did you modify the Alesis DM Pad such as add center cone on the Piezo, swap/remove foam or just mount this?
will this fit on a rode PSA1 mic stand or is it only round mic stands?
Will the clamp fit around standard tripod tubing?
Will this fit a speaker stand?
will it fit on a ProLine mic stand?
Mic stands can be expensive. They are highly visible to the audience. Why is this tray mount designed to scratch them up so badly? Thanks.
is it big enough to use a laptop on 15" macbook pro
Are these the same drumsticks in the picture with the American flag logo or are they the 50th anniversary edition without the flag?
top of add says 16 3/8 product description says 15.5 so which is it?
are these jr size or sr. size in length
do to sticks come with it
is this for a pair or just one drumstick
Is this item listing for a PAIR of sticks?
My at2020 is not fitting help?
will this fit the audio technica AT2020?
will it fit Nady SCM800?
Will this fit a Nady SP-5 dynamic mic?
Can a blue snowball ice be mounted to this?
will this fit an MXL 440?
Is this durable?
will this mount fit an Audio-Technica AT2020USB USB Condenser Microphone?
what size are the threads on the connector?
WIll a CAD U37 work with this?
Is this a set or just one mallet?
What is the size of the head of the mallet?
Does this product include one mallets or a pair (two sticks)?
Is this one mallet or a set of two
Do they come as a pair?
does this foot switch work with any yamaha keyboards
Will this work on an older model Yamaha PSR 300m FC 3?
Will this work withYamaha PSR-GX76
Does this work with the Yamaha MM6?
Does this pedal work with YPT-300?
Does this pedal work on CTK-611 casio organ? If it is, so which button on my Casio should i press in order for the pedal work normaly.
I have a PSR220F, does this pedal work with my beginners keyboard?
Does this work for Yamaha YPG-235
When using this pedal with a Yamaha DD65, are the pedals velocity sensitive?
Does this sustain pedal have a similar feel to an acoustic piano's sustain pedal? is the pressure required to pedal similar to an acoustic?
What ligature works well for a Pomarico ruby Clarinet mouthpiece?
Will it fit a Bb Selmer HS4 mouthpiece?
Does this come with a cap or is it just the ligature?
Why is it so expensive?
Does it work for all clarinet brands?
Is this ligature com with mouthpiece cover?
IS this an original? The versions I see on the official rovner website appear to exude quality. Not sure about the pics here.
Which Rovner Clarinet Ligature is compatible with the Yamaha 250 &amp; Buffet B12? I hadn't thought of asking till I stumbled on BC sizing chart for fit.
Ligature: If I order this ligature, should I also order an new mouthpiece?
How do i put the ligature on? (Is the screw in the front or the back, or does it not matter?)
What are the dimensions of this item?
Can it be a carry on when taking airplan ?
What type of strings?
What is the total length ?
Where is this product made?
Is this guitar suitable for a child?
Does it come with a guitar strap?
Can someone measure the guitar + case depth? I want to determine whether it can fit underneath a bed.
Is the gig bag strong enough to be checked on a flight? Will the gig bag protect the guitar if it was thrown around by airline workers?
does this guitar includes a case?
How does this ship when buying from Amazon.com? Does the packaging protect the guitar well so that the guitar does not receive damage?
what size is it?
Does this guitar come assembled and tuned??? Does this guitar come assembled and tuned???
Takamine S35 vs Takamine S34C? Both have such high reviews, which is better?
does it have two strap buttons so you can put a guitar strap on it?
What is size (inch) this guitar?
Can nylon strings be used with this guitar and still get a great sound I am a beginner and would like to use nylon to start learning
Does it come with a clamp?
Is there a warranty when you buy it from amazon?
does this guitar come with a case
What are the diamensions of the case? I was wondering if it will fit the Schylling Musical Hand Bells.
Will this case work for the rhythm band handbells, set of 8?
What are the dimensions of the bell and handle?
Can you play a different key with bells
Can the case hold 8 18 x 3 x 6 inches Schylling musical hand bells?
IS this a total of 4 shakers or a total of 16 shakers? I have a price on 12 shakers for $20.
Do the different colors make different tones?
are they pba free? I'd love to wash them with hot water knowing they will be licked by baby all day :) what kind of ink? do they come off after awhile
what are the interior beads made of? one of ours broke and the tiny black beads are all over the floor. want to be sure our crawling baby is safe.
hi, what material do these come in? I am concerned knowing baby will lick those for sure.
Is it possible to order all four in the same color?
How big do these measure?
Does this need a stand or anything? If I buy this product, do I need a stand?
Am buying this for a student. What do you store it in?
I'm looking for a new pad because my Invader is super heavy to carry in my bag all day. Would this be a good alternative to the Invader?
What is better? This or the Evans 2-Sided Practice Pad also 12 inches. Pros? Cons? Final thoughts?
What kind of a stand do I need? Can you lead me in the right direction of what type I need.
So is this a KS7350 stand + KSA7550 second-tier sold as a slightly discounted bundle, or is it a separate model altogether?
does anyone know the length of the second tier? I want to know if a Kronos X 88 will fit securely on it.
Does anybody have experience with a 37 key board on the top tier? Will this work comfortably? My board measures 26 inches wide.
can you play from both sides (same time, two players) on the two-tier?
Will this accommodate a 25-key (2 octave) keyboard?
Do the middle bars get in the way when you use this stand in a sitting position?
Hi, how low does the stand go? i plan on using it for my home studio for a nord stage 88 and a berhinger controller. using a chair
Will you be able to use your music stand in between the 1st and 2nd tier? (the standard one that comes attached to the top of your keyboard)
What are the dimensions of this item?
what is the diameter?
is this tambourine have a closed back?
what are the lengh and height of this case?
Would any bass fit in this case? No pun intended.
I built my own guitar based on the design of a gibson explorer. It's 45" long, and 15" wide, but if I turn it, it narrows down to 14". Will it work?
What are the inside dimensions?
Does anybody know if this is a good size for a Mikey Way Squier or Fender Mark Hoppus Jazz Bass?
So could you jam a 15 inch wide Gibson Grabber body into this or is it really just 14.5 inches wide?
Does anybody know if this will fit the Squier by Fender Affinity Series Series Precision Bass PJ Electric Bass Guitar. Thnx
Would this case fit a Toby Standard or Toby Deluxe Bass?
Will a Jackson JS32 Rhoads guitar fit in this case? It has a really odd shape.
Anybody have an Explorer guitar they can try in this case? I am building a custom replica of a 1984 Gibson Explorer, trying to find a cheaper case.
Will this work on an Epiphone Les Paul 100?
will this work on a epiphone geniesis
Can someone measure the case from inside? I want to know what would be fitting to this case. I have standard size of Les Paul, but I am not sure..
Hey guys I have a guitar that looks like the one upon the picture I have a blue electric Davison would this guitar fit these guitar case
Will this case fit a Gibson Les Paul1960 Reissue Model # 2PST60TWGCH1? This guitar is 38 7/8" long.
Will a PRS Korina Singlecut fit in this case?
what are the dimenisin of tnis item ?
Will this case fit a Gibson Les Paul Custom?
Does this Harmonica come with a case? I don't see anything on this site that suggest that it comes with it.
I want to buy harmonica for my grand daughter but don't know which one to select. What's the meaning of harmonica for blues, G, C, D etc? She is a very beginner player. Thank you for the help.
Where is this harmonica made?
What is the difference between 5A and 5B? Wider? Heavier? Thanks.
type of wood
how many sticks per order
Are these wooden tip drumsticks or nylon?
OK Do you get 2 sticks for $7.99? Obviously I do not play drums...haha..buying for my son..I am not stupid either.
what is the difference in 5A and 5B?
where is this drum, complete set manufacured at.
Are these sticks an appropriate size for a 7-8 year old beginning drummer. Or is there a child's size that would be better?
can you play these on a djembe?
Are these for electronic drum set?
Can guarantee that a pair of sticks is not warped or bent? Do you the roll test? Roll them ima table to see if they're perfectly straight?
What is the length?
Do I need any extra grip?
could you spray paint these? and will they sound different or be heavier if i do spray paint them?
I`m right? a pair of new vic firth 5a wood tip for just 1.88? please let me know if this is correct, i want to buy lots!
will this fit on a tama hi hat stand
Will this fit on a griffin hi hat stand?
Will this fit on a Meinl hi hat stand?
Does it have a pre-amp? If so, where are the controls and what type of battery does it use? And where is the battery compartment? THX!
what is the difference between a jumbo and a regular dreadnought? does it sound better or is it just the same?
Does this guitar have an adjustable truss rod?
Can I use a electric guitar Marshall app with this electric acoustic?
It is advertised to have both nanoflex and nanomag pickups, but actually has only nanoflex - A serious advertising error by Epipphone - Yes?
Is the AJ-100CE Jumbo an acoustic-electric guitar or just acoustic one?
Does this guitar have the nanoflex and the nanomag pickups?? Really??
it is ok for an 8 year old beginner?
What does passive mean in the description ?
can this keyboard case hold the PSR S910?
does the zipper go just along one side ("envelope style")? Or does it wrap around 3 sides of the case?
This bag fit with yamaha NP-11?
How thick is the padding? Is it the same on the sides as the top and bottom?
My Nord Electro2 is 43 3/4" by 12", think it can fit ?
I need a replacement soft case for a Roland XP-50, will this case work well? also, are there straps inside the case for securing the keyboard? thanks.
Does it fit a Korg Kross 61?
Good for a Yamaha PSR E403?
can this keyboard case hold the YAMAHA MX61??
Will this hold a Yamaha MX61?
Will this case fit the Yamaha DGX-230?
music holder
Will this case fit a Yamaha YPG-235 76 keyboard?
Will it fit a Nord Electro 2 73 key?
Will this bag fit the Casio WK-200 76 key keyboard
Will it fit a Casio WK 7600 comfortably?
Will a JV 90 keyboard fit in it? Approx 48" long x 11.5" deep.
Does this really weigh 35.8 pounds - or is that with the keyboard in it?
Does Casio CTK-4200 WK-220 76 keys fit?
Does this bag can be loaded by 76 Yamahs keyboard and stand together?
Is it better to buy a right-angled or regular straight guitar cable? The jack seems to be angled from the illustration.
Help with barre cords: Any help?
Will it easily fit in a carry on size suitcase? How long is it overall? Thanks!
I bought this and a Marshall MG15CF MG Series 15-Watt Guitar Combo Amp and the Hosa Cable GTR210 - Can't make it work, Any ideas?
I'm turning 14 but i have really small hands. Would it still be good for me?
Good for playing rock/grunge like Nirvana or Green Day?
I'm almost 14. Would This guitar be better for me than the Squier BulletStrat HSS w/Trem?
is this a kids guitar?
Is this a 4 string? My son's music teacher said he needs a 4 string?
Is it made in the USA
most companys are proud of their warranties. Do'es the dr-212, 12 string even have a warranty? george lee
This guitar showed up in the search for an "electric guitar", it is?
is this guitar made of veneers or HPLs?
will DR-212 fit in Epiphone dreadnought case that holds my DR-100?
I just bought this, with the stress a 12 string puts on the guitar should i tune it down a half step or step, or is regular tuning ok??
When this guitar is ordered, payed for and then delivered, does it come with the strings too?
Is this the same as a 12 string bass or "bajo sexto"
I have a square rack, (isn't pearl), I think it is going to fit but I want to be sure, can anyone tell me the measurement of the square in the clamp?
Is there an adapter for my cymbal booms?? My booms are to small and will not tighten up... Thanks !! Steve
I purchased these clamps for my Rack, but my cymbal arms are to small. Is there an adapter that I can use ?? Thanks !!
This may be a stupid question but couldnt hurt to ask, do these clamps work with the Pearl DR50 3 Sided Rack?
will this clamp accept a 1" pipe tom holder instead of the usual 7/8" ?
I am wondering what the true interior dimentions of this case as I am not using this for a keyboad
Will my williams allegro 88 key piano fit? Width: 45" (1,143mm) Height: 20.27" (515mm) w/rest Depth: 12.2" (310mm)
We have a Yamaha P-35; measures 58.2" by 16.1" by 11.8". Is the bag flexible enough to fit these dimensions?
Would this case be a good choice to hold a Yamaha DGX-650 digital piano?
WIll my Yamaha ypg-535 fit this bag?
Will my yamaha mo8 fit this bag???? I need to know....
does it come with a base?
can I use this headset microphone with my wireless amplifier for my class?
Can the headband can be removed from the mic, would like to mount this to an existing pair of headphones. Also is the boom a gooseneck (positionable)?
Is there a connector for a computer? Got them but no way will the plug fit in a laptop's mic opening. HELP!
is it usb plug in, thats what I'm looking for
I have an audio technica transmitter 4 pin, will this headset connect to the audio technica transmitter.
What amplifiers do you suggest for this mic?
Does it plug into the mixer board
I have the ULX system with a lav mic. Can I use this headset mic with my system?
will theShure WH20TQG Dynamic Headset Microphones work with other transmitter not sure
Is this particular YAS23 Alto Sax made in Japan?
what do you mean with &uml;all necessary saxophone care products&uml; ?
Was this Yamaha Alto Saxophone made in Japan ? Is this intrument has got sound quality of a good Sax?
When I click on the link for the new one @ $1499.99, the pictures are showing a used one, with scratches. Are you selling a brand new piece?
does the used sax include a mouthpiece?
does it include a mouth piece?
hi, which are the real pictures? i understand.... that sax Made in Japan?
does it include cork grease?
do you inlude reeds?
is it re padded?
Will Taylor Big Baby fit in it?
Is this case flight hardened, in that it's made to withstand rough baggage handling like the cases from Hiscox?
Hello. I understand this case was modified to fit the Little Martin. Does this negatively affect the fit for the Baby Taylor? Thank you!
would my Martin LXK2 Little Martin fit? it says 39 x 19 x 7 inches
Will this case work for a 1/4 child's guitar?
Is this the SKB Baby Taylor/Martin LX Guitar Shaped Hardshell model that has the TSA type lock and if so, is it acceptable by all the airlines?
will this fit a martin d28?
Will a MARTIN X1DCST fit in it?
Will this case fit my Martin 000X1AE Acoustic Electric Guitar? Its not very large but i wanted to be sure before i ordered anything.
Can this fit a taylor swift signature acoustic guitar? It's also a baby taylor?
has anyone hung a violin on it? anyone have a suggestion for a violin and bow?
does it come with the screws?
Will this hanger work for a uke?
I recently moved and unsure if I lost a part in the process. I have the hanger and plate. But it doesn't go flush against the wall.
Will it hold a wide neck (12 string) guitar?
Will this work for hanging a cello?
I just bought a heavy LP. (10 lbs) I have it hung up with the anchors that came with the holder. Should I be afraid to leave it hanging?
I'm trying to get an amswer for this. does the hanger unscrew from the plate ? i want a hanger that the plate stays on wall and you can remove hanger?
Do the hangers unscrew and the plate stay on wall? for easy removal of hanger part
does the hanger come off and base stay in place? i want to mount them to the sides of my stack but want to remove quicly to transort.
WILL THIS TUNE A 1959 Oscar Schmidt auto harp?
Will this fit a kids lap harp? Thanks
Would this work for tuning a celtic lever harp. I lost my tuner :(
Please tell me the difference between an autoharp tuning hammer and wrench. I don't know which to buy for my Oscar Schmidt autoharp.Thank you.
What is the opening size exactly? My music maker has square pins that measure 0.165" and I know that some of the wrenches out there will not work.
what size is the hole
will it tune the Music Maker by Peeleman-Mclaughlin Enterprises?
I purchased this item and it was too small. Do you know the size of the hole?
Will this tune a child's melody harp?
What is the diameter of the boom arm? Thanks.
This Arm support a 20-inch Cymbal?
What is the length
Would this support a 16" crash, or would that be too heavy?
Can I mount this to the arm of a tom holder?
The arm can be used complete? I mean almost the 18". It&Acirc;&acute;s possible to joint with the clamp from the end of the arm?
how long is the arm on this in inches?
do i have to attach it to a boom stand? or could i attach it to my straight stand?
2.6 pounds is the actual weight of the item?
can i attach it to myboom stand an a put my splash on it
Will a Washburn B-16 banjo fit in the TKL 7840 case?
I have a Framus Contessa with a 14 3/4" base will this case hold it?
How well would a 5 string Cameo with resonator fit in this case, securely?
What is the inside dimension at he top of the case where the tuning head will sit? How wide?
will a 12' diameter banjo fit in this case?
Will this fit a longneck banjo? My current case is 42 inches inside dimension.
Will this case fit an Open Back Goodtime Deering banjo?
would an Ibanez 5 string B50 Banjo fit in this case?
My banjo has guitar style tuners on the headstock. Can the case accommodate this or does it only fit behind headstock tuners?
what is the width of the inside top where the head goes? we need 4" minimum for a gretsch serial# CBD1207668
How many drums come with this order? Three (3) or one? Thank you!
How do I choose size?
How many drums are there in this set, and will they all be included in my order for the one price?
According to the product features it comes with the case right?
Read that they are not authentic. Can you prove their authenticity? Thanks
is this a good flute for high school students
Does the yamaha yfl-221 from ecomade arena have the serial number engraved on the flute and is the warranty card from yamaha or from ecomade arena?
I am very cautious about this item... This price ($469) is $430 LESS than at Musician's Friend. Can anyone verify this is the "real (Yamaha) deal" ?
Is this open or closed hole flute?
does this instrument come with a case?
is this flute for beginners can it play the high g and e and f notes
where is the YFL221 flute made?
is this an inline G, low C and open hole?
How "foldable" is it? Looks like base collapses and stem may retract, but otherwise doesn't look like it gets very portable without a carrying case.
What does it weigh?
Can the stand be rigged such that the top can be tightened with the plate horizontal for using as a projector stand on the stage?
How high (in inches) is the stand when fully extended from bottom to top?
How does it do on carpet?
Did anyone find a carry bag for this stand?
where can i get the wing bolt for it? Mine striped out. Hard to find.
Why does it say "CR2 batteries required" ?
Why do the product specifications say some sort of battery is required?
I'm a singer and am looking for a stand whose podium does not 'wander' in tilt. I've read a few reviews where this might be a problem? Or not....?
Do the tripod legs "fold" in for transport?
Is it collapsible to hide in the bell?
Would this stand work for small bore horns with a F attachment?
can you connect this to 4 channel dj amp
What's the difference between this and the 882i in terms of sound quality? I understand that the 882i has xlr ins and outs; what about sound quality?
Is the only difference between this 482i and the 382i unit that this one is stereo?
Apart from the Sub output, is there any other difference between this and BBE 382i-SW 2 Channel Sonic Maximizer with Subwoofer Output Control?
Will this be good for enhancing the sounds of digital pianos and synthesizers in my bedroom studio?
does it run on 220Volts or 110Volts? please
This Unit is 220V?
This Unit is 220V?
can this be used with a home audio receiver and dvd/cd player? if so what would i need to purchase to get it to work?
Is this flute in the key of C?
Inquiry: Does this item include case, cleaning rod, etc? I'm interested in this item, but would like more clarification of accessories included - does the item include case, cleaning rod, etc?
is it good flute? does it arrive tuned?
Does this price include a case?
Does this flute come with a warranty?
Does the new item come with factory warrenty? Does the new item come with factory warranty?
What are the exact interior dimensions?? Thanks!
Does is fit the ES 355 Limited edition with bigsby??
Will this case fit either Epiphone Dot Studio or Casino?
Does this case fit the ES-335 Pro? Thanks!
Will this case fit a 1958 Gibson ES- 125T ? The lower bout of this guitar is maybe one quarter inch wider then the listed dimension of the case .
will this case fit the epiphone riviera p93 with bigsby tailpiece?
will this case fit an Oscar Schmidt OE30
i just bought a tom delonge es 333 will it fit in this case?
hello there, are u shipping to Australia? thanks
does anyone know if this case fits the Sheraton both left handed and right handed models?
Will the electric EJ200 fit with the knobes on the upper shouldermaking it a half inch wider?
Has the guitar case length been verified to be 51 inches? That seems to be too long actually unless the padding is 8 inches thick.
Does the Acoustic Electric EJ 200 fits in this case_?
Does the EJ 200 CE fits in this case_?
Will this case fit the Artistic acoustic EJ-200 guitar made by Epiphone?
will it fit epiphone dr-100, does it have "bumpers," does it lock?
what is true about it stinking chemical smells and its outside not being well designed?
Would the Alvarez Acoustic Electric Baritone abt60e fit into this case?
Will the PR-5E fit nicely into this case?
Does it fold up or can it be easily taken apart for transport?
Mine was shipped with no assembly instructions. Are any available?
Is the neck assembly made of metal or plastic?
height of stand: How high can this stand extend?
What is the maximum amount of weight it can carry before the shaft begins to slide down?
is the plate maganitized? for magnet clips
How wide is the lip on the desk part of the stand?
how does it raise up and down ??? i don't see the column extension knob or clutch.....
is the plate metal and would magnetic clips stick to the book plate?
how many inches short can the stand be from floor to the top of the book plate?
If you use the uke without electricity, does it sound like an acoustic uke? Is it loud enough to hear like an acoustic uke?
Shipping cost to UK mainland?
How long (inches) is this instrument from top to bottom? Thx. : )
Is this electric
the description says it only has 4 mic pre amps. but the XLR inputs for Ch 5/6 and for 7/8 say 'MIC'. will dynamic mics work on these last 2 inputs?
is this a USB mixer? I order one and now it appears I can't connect it to my computer
Can you isolate the main audio out and record from tape out while listening with headphones?
Can I use the effects on this unit so I can monitor my vocals / guitar recording and hear the effect?
is it powerd
Can this provide power for passive speakers? I have a pair of passive seismic audio speakers and I was wondering if I'd need a separate amplifier?
Since it's 13 inches wide is there a 19" rack mount system available for it?
Can this mixer be used on a Linux based Computer rather than PC or MAC?
does it come with warranty papers, software and power cord?
Can I take the two xlr main outputs, use a xlr male to dual female cable and plug it into an audio interface to output to a computer?
Are they ball end or loop end?
this strings are a medium or forte Gauge?
Which Spirocore and Jargar strings are these? Are they the Tungsten or Silver Spirocore?
what type of metal are the strings?
Does this come with the cable?
Hello, Does it require 9v batteries? Thanks
Is this the pedal I need for using the MP-75 Mic control button with the original voiceLive Touch?
Can I use this on my Crate GTX 212 amp or is it not compatible with my amp?
Will this work with the Eventide TimeFactor?
Will this work with the TC Nova multi effects pedal?
Can each button be a loop button? could I record a beat on 1, record rhythm guitar on 2 and a riff on 3 so I can turn each part on/off individually
can you shut down the effect without holding the button ?
How big is this stand when unfolded? Thanks.
My granddaughter has Casio keyboard. Can the book stand be placed on top of the keyboard? Just bought her the keyboard stand/bench combo from Amazon.
Can not open support leg in back?
Will it hold a 2 in thick music folder.?
Can I use this on top of my Yamaha mm8 key-board?
How to open music stand?
will the grovers fit a 1972 martin d-35. the holes were drilled bigger to take ping tuners BIG MISTAKE What do you suggest.? trying to keep it as close to vintage as possible.hank you, paul
will these work with an epiphone dot
Do these tuners have the attaching screw hole off to the side of the tuner or directly below it?
YAMAHA APXT2 bought new, &gt; year old, played &lt; 10 times, cased, &amp; no-name tuning pegs already failing. Will these Grovers fit?
Comes with 6 tuners total right?
Will these fit perfectly on a Epiphone Les Paul 100? The stock ones are total junk
Will thesework for my Ibanez AS73 Artcore?
The whole in my guitar is 3/8 inch. Will these fit?
Pls is this JBL speaker pairs or single? I mean is it two , both for this price or just one speaker?
Is this speakers good for Sing Karaoke ? Thanks.
i take it these cant be hooked up with a pioneer vsx 51 receiver?
how powerful of a receiver is needed to drive 2 of these? i have a yahama rx-a2000, not sure if it can handle these speakers? thanks
what kind of receiver to drive 2 of these? i have a yamaha rx-a2000
is it 250v or 110v
is this the price for pair?
Do you sell the installation version or only the pole-mount version? I need 6 for an installation job, to be hung from ceiling rafters.
if i order them today will i get them by this friday the 7th with prime?
How about Original Warranties for this item?
What is phantom power?
Does this have a usb port? cause the same exact model at Guitar Center says yes but the question above says no
Do both of these use male to female XLR?
Does this mic have a USB port?
MXL 990 Condenser Microphone to USB: Would I be able to connect it directly or would I need additional equipment?
MacBook Pro and Garage Band. Want to record vocals and piano, separate tracks. Is this the right mic? what other hware/sware do I need?
Does this mic have a USB port?
Is this the kind of mic that works with an audio interface (that connects to a computer) and can record guitar and vocals?
Phantom Power: If I am using a mixer that supplies phantom power with a phantom power mic, does the other mic in the mixer need to use phantom power as well?
Which one is better, this or MXL 2006? For voice overs.
What is the diameter of the stem of the Microphone (to know which shock mount one will need)
dose the mic already come with a XLR cable?
I want to use this mic for an instrument, would it work OK?
Can I use this mic for live performance on an instrument?
Sorry, $ 345 for the pair?
WHAT KIND OF SPEAKER CABLE
Hello Does this come with 2 or is this 1 for 394???
Sensitivity?
The pordducto is manufactured in China? Made in China?
Do they come with pole mounts
It is a pair or one
can it play effectively in a club and can i ship it to Nigeria
where ar manufactured
These speakers apply for a pop-rock band or household item?
will a Yamaha MG12XU fit on the top assuming one has the rack ears for it?
what is the height of the rack
does the back have a lid/ cover or is it always open?
will a Behringer Xenyx 1204USB 12-Channel USB Mixer fit in the top slanted part of the rack?
Can this fit a behringer DJX750 pro mixer professional 5- channel mixer
Will the Traktor S4 fit in the top? It says online that it is 50cm wide which equals 19.685 inches.
Can a Peavy PV 10 mixing board fit in the top? Or, what is top cut out dimension?
is this a 19" across rack?
will behringer 1002b mixer fit in top?
equipment: what am i paying for?
Will this fit in a Taylor 314ce?
Can this pick up be used on guitars with lacquer finishes without damaging the finish?
Using this pickup, could I run my acoustic guitar through a fuzz pedal without an uncontrolable amount of feedback?
What are the dimensions of this item? Does it fit to a 3,7 " soundhole (9,4cm) of a Martin D17
Does it have white binding around the top and back?
What is the length of this guitar. i need to get a bag with it
does it sound like an acoustic unplugged?
Would someone tell me the "Width at the Nut" ? Thank You!
What is the weight?
Can you use this to hang a ukelele also, or only a guitar?
Will it hold a Fender Bass?
will the body of the guitar rest against the wall when hanging from this, or will it be completely aloft?
does it hold guitars really good?
Is hardware included?
Is the wood portion varnished/sealed, or is it "raw" wood?
How does this work drilled into a brick wall?
Will this work as a shotgun mount?
are these safe for nitrocellulose finishes?
wil it fit a J reanelds
what is the best starter ukele
Can I use it as a Brazilian Cavaquinho?
What kind of straps can be used with htis ukelele? Single point/ double point?
Is this a laminate or solid wood?
Does this bag fit Line 6 POD HD 300?
Will this bag fit the Korg microKEY-37?
Will this bag fit the Line 6 FBV Shortboard MkII Foot Controller?
Would the BOSS ME-80 multiple effects peddle fit in this bag?
Does this bag fit a GT-100 + power chord?
I need something for my homeade pedal board. 19 x 13 x 5.5. Any help you can give me would be appreciated
Does this bag fit Korg TRITON Taktile-49 Controller Keyboard?
Will the Casio SA-76 mini keyboard fit inside?
While the DigiTech RP1000 fit in this bag ?
Silly question ..... how are the pedals affixed to the bag?
What type of warranty does this case come with, if any?
Hi Can someone please tell me if the interior is furry or crushed velour or velvet ? Many thanks , Gary
Will it fit a PRS?
will it fit a telecaster?
Can be fit in ibanez style guitar?? especific an ibanez JS100
Will this case fit on a Fender Starcaster Strat Electric Guitar?
if i buy this item for $1.99 there would be only one pick?? or 4 picks??
Wheres the size chart as described in the description box?
If I want just a thumb pick, how could I order then?
what is the diameter of medium pick?
what&acute;s is the diameter of every one?
DO these come in packs of 4?
It says it comes with a case....is it a hard nice fold up padded case or just a bag type of case? I would like to have a nice safe place for this.
is the comb wooden, and if so, which wood ? and are the reeds brass
Is the Hohner Super 64 Chromonica,Key of C made in Germany ?
Does this fit on the Zoom H4n?
does it work with the blue yeti
Will this fit over an h2n zoom?
Anyone know if this will fit the Samson C01U?
Does this foam ball fit on a Pyle Pro pdmic78 moving coil microphone?
Will this cut down on the popping sound of p, t, &amp; k?
work for h1?
I have a old AKG mic (no "ball" on top. The top diameter is a little larger than a nickel,. Will one of these fit ?
So I have this and a screen filter. Does anyone know how to clean it after the kids (Toddlers) use it?
Can this fit on a microphone behringer XM8500?
my plug is the opposite of everything I found if the ground is North, the T is on the West and the vertical is East is this something different?
How many do you have in stock?
i need an adaptor for GE2400 BTU Air Conditioner to regular 15V outlet. the plug says 20A -250V will this work?
I have a Wolff Systems Solar Wave 16 Lamp Residential Tanning Bed .It says I need a 110v power cord. I was wondering if i needed something else?
how long is the wire?
will this pick up work in a clasical guitar?
Will this fit a Little Martin LX1 with sound hole size = 3 1/4''?
will it fit a 3 5/8" sound hole because i have a very similar barcus berry pickup and it will not fit my fender acoustic
will this perfectly fit any dreadnought designed guitar sound hole?mainly vintage dreadnought soundholes?thanks!
what are the dimensions of this product?s
Does the guitar and case arrive in separate boxes or is the guitar in the case when it arrives in shipping?
What color is the interior of the hard case that comes along with this guitar? Is it the color green one?
What Is the difference between the EF341SC and the EF341SCX?
What strings do they come with?
It states that it is "pro" series. However it is listed as "legacy" series on the Takamine website. Has something changed? Thanks
Where can I buy just the case?
Hi everyone, is this EF341SC supplied with a hard case? Thanks
Does the guitar have an internal tuner?
WHERE ARE THE NEW TAKAMINE EF341SC BEING MADE?
Will this fit a Little Martin LX1 with sound hole size = 3 1/4''?
will this dean markley pro mag fit perfectly with dreadnought design sound holes? mainly vintage dreadnought sound holes...thanks!
what size hole does it fit ?
Takamine S35 vs Takamine S34C? Both have such high reviews, which is better?
Does Jasmine sell a case for this? If not and you got a case, what did you choose?
steel or nylon strings?
Is it set up out of the box, or do I still have to take it to a guitar store to have that done? Im a new player and not sure how to do that TIA
Does this come with the "by takamine" inscribed below the Jasmine?
is it a 3/4 size
Is the back slightly barreled/rounded/curved?
The product description mentions an electric pickup. Is this true? Can i plug this into an amp?
Does the guitar also do fine with nylon strings?
What gauge are the stock strings? I bought this a couple months ago and some stores say it's 0.10 while others say 0.12. Does anybody know?
How long is the electrical cord?
is there a way to change the bulbs to led and if so what type?
Are these good for 20' distances?
If properly protected, can these be used outside for 30 days or so?
can you use a dimmer pack?
do the lights need a stand or are they independent to angle on the flor
Will this work with a standard heat lamp bulb?
how wide is the light spread on these at about 15 feet?
Does this purchase come with a bulb?
I want to create a dim yet visible atmosphere. is this to use?
Does it have metal threads?
Is this for the 5/8 inch thread?
does it work with shure beta 58 mics
Will this work with my Ronco Mr. Microphone? (Google Old Mr. Microphone commercial-same folks who brought us The Popeil Pocket Fisherman!)
Is the owners manual in English? Does it come with a quick start guide so I can get to crooning faster?
Is the owners manual in English? Does it come with a quick start guide so I can get to crooning faster?
May I use this for Sennheiser e835?
Which cloth would be suitable for cleaning my flute? I'm looking for a good cloth to clean the inside of my flute with, using a metal rod.
What is the size of this cloth???
Do I need to buy some polish spray with this? Also, can I use this on the strings?
violin
Will this work for wiping off rosin on a violin?
Can this be used for High Gloss piano?
How wide is it? How long?
How many straps are supposed to be in this order?
How does this fit on the mandolin? I have tried every way I could think of but it won't work. I have a Gibson A4.
does this strap work on a Hondo II A style mando?
I just got this little guy in the mail today. It is SOOO light. Lighter than my iPhone. Did I get a knockoff or are they really this light?
How does this sound with lower brass?
I see a lot of reviews using this mic on cabs/amps (i.e. electric guitars). How does it perform on recording acoustic guitars?
This is a 4ohm or 8ohm head?
Can i plug it into a ampeg portaflex PF-210HE 2x10 ?
So if this bass amp head cannot be used on a PA/DJ speaker then what is the Direct out for ??? I'm confused
Hey can I use a 4 ohm PA/DJ speaker with this ? Also, what the rms/peak has to be ?
I need the right cabinet for this...I had a 400rms siesmic cabinet and the speakers busted, do i need to match the rms or what? i'm confused...
Can I connect one 4 ohm cabinet, and one 8 ohm cabinet to this ??
I play bass but how can I use this as a home theatre system also? I'm anxious to try
I use this for my bass guitar but can I use this to DJ too? I have a 2000wt peak, 1000 rms 8ohm cabinet....i dont know if it will push
Hi, will this fit the Boss PSM 5 power supply/master switch pedal? Thanks a lot.
Is this a negative tip polarity or is adjustable? My Boss Chorus requires a negative tip. Why isn't this in the product description?
Will this fit the line 6 dl-4?
Will this fit the Korg Volca series?
Will this fit Behringer pedals such as the US600 or CO600?
is it adaptable to a 150 miliamp plug
I currently use all my spot on my power supply. I don't want a separate adapter for this. Could I simply plug it into one of my other cables?
How long is the cable between plugs?
Does this come with the power supply?
does it need a one spot or can it use a normal 9v plug?
does anyone know if the color of the back of the guiter matches the back of the neck
What about the setup? Are these guitars set up before they are shipped?
What is the difference between that one and the royale?
Does this have a mahogany NECK as stated? I thought all the new ones have a maple neck... need to know!
Construction
What are the gauges of the strings please? And what type of material is the high E and B?
How do these sound compared to other Silk and Steel sets?
is this the full set of six?
are these strings fine for tuning up with? example being low E to F and high B to C
Are they ball end or tie off?
What color are theses strings? I used to buy the silk and steel and they were a bronze color. Some types are all steel. Which are these?
will it fit a revenge?
will it fit a mockingbird
Will it fit the iron bird 1
does this fit the JR V or KKV models ?
Will it fit the warbeast?
Does it fits Stealth?
Does the Neil Giraldo Eagle fit this case ???
Does it fit the B.C. Rich Mockingbird?
does it fit warlock
why no case included?
I looked at the guitar and I would love to buy it. But do you guys have a left handed version for sale? Is there any way I can let you know I want a l
If you buy online do you need to take it somewhere to be "set-up" for intonation? Trying several of these, I find wide variations in sound unplugged.
Where is it made and by who
I need to boost a dynamic microphone before going into computer. Mic has 1/4" output. Would this work?
Can I connect this to my MacBook Pro via USB? If not, how do I connect? Thanks!
What are the input and output connector types? I have mics with 6.5mm stereo jack and need this preamp to output RCA.
Can both inputs jacks be used simultaneously? (e.g. two different mics)
Can someone explain? I'm a newbie..So does a preamp make your mic signal louder? So vocals would be louder without Clipping? thank you
Would an 1/8" female to male XLR work for the input?
Does this come with the 9v adaptor plug to provide power, or are they expecting us to buy it separate
Hi: I dropped my Preamp and probably broke the tube inside. What is a good tube to replace it with?
Any recommendations on a tube (for vocals) upgrade to replace the standard tube this ART Tube MP?
Is this pre-amp powered by battery?
I am very sensitive to high pitches and tones. I'm looking for warm low mellow strings. Which set of strings (type and gauge) do you recommend?
What is the main difference between custom light and light gauge strings please?
I'm looking for a song that's instrumental, on a 33 1/3 album which I nave know idea of the title. I remember the song came out in the 80's. Help me.
Hi everyone, between Extra light and light which one is good for rhythm and little picking? Also would you guys suggest medium for crisp &amp; bold sound?
I don&acute;t see any information if the cable is included with this mic
how does one connect this mic to a computer?
is the finish matte or polished??
do you send it with or without the bill of the mic?
May I use this Mic on a recording studio and record voice without buy a condenser microphone??
Does the mic come with a case or protective encasing?
Has anyone used this as a handheld? I would like to add a wireless adapter to this mic so that I can wander around with it. Thanks!
Hey, I have been singing for 13 years now, and really want this mic. My own question is: I own a FENDER Sound Machine with two speakers...and the plug in to where the mics plug in are big...they aren't the tiny ones that you sometimes see. they are the...
Is this s dynamic microphone by any chance?
Does this fit the Thunderbird Pro 5? That's the 5-string model with the through body neck. Some say it's slightly longer than the IV.
is it good for a Bach BTH-1 replica Thunderbird non-reverse ?
Will this case a fit a Gibson RD standard?
will this fit the neckthrough version of the epi thunderbird pro 4
is this case good enough for checked baggage in flights?
Does the case have a cutout specifically for the Thunderbird bass? I have a non-reverse thunderbird. Would this case work?
Will this case work for the Epiphone Thunderbird PRO IV Bass?
Is this the latest released model?
Is this reversible? Can you wear it with the mic on the left or right depending on personal preference by flipping it over?
will this work with the AKG PT 40?
Can I connect this directly to my behringer mixer with phantom power? The XLR input is female.
Does this headset have a four-pin connector?
Will this headset work with the ATW-T210 transmitter?
Is this mic wireless?
Is it possible to plug this into a radio/dvd player in a van. We've had one that did and 1 that didn't work.
could this be used with spinning class does this bring a connector that could be wirelessly put into the speaker?
Can you send me a photo of the connector. I need a 3/8 mini connector.
Just got, is it possible to have a dead G string, very thumpy,, I play Ukulele and have a snark, seems all open strings and 12th fret are in tune, but my top most G string thumps, the other G string resonates..
are you suppsed to take the pick guard off of this mandolin
WHICH COUNTRY THIS MANDOLIN IS PRODUCT ?
this came up in a left handed mandolin search - is this product for left handed people?
Does this mandolin come with the pieces to attach a strap to it?
Does this come with decent strings? Or do i have to buy some separate?
are you suppsed to take the pick guard off of this mandolin
how do you get the string cover to stay on? mine falls off all the time and I see no way of getting it to stay on
What cases work (or don't fit) for this mandolin?
if i find one mandolin made from turkish or yugoslavia ? tell me soon .
will this fit an epiphone ej 200? it has grovers right now
Will these work on my gibson acoustic guitar?
Will these fit an Epiphone ES339 without modification? Appear to be ones that came stock on the ES339. Jim
Comes with mounting screws?
Will these fit an Epiphone sg pro without modification?
what's the difference between Gibson Gear PMMH-010 and Gibson Gear PMMH-020?
I've been asked if these will fit the epiphone sg double neck? Has anyone tried or know? Thx..
For my Gibson es-335 which has Grover 102- tuners. Obviously I'll have to pre-drill the top hole. My question, will the bottom hole line up? Thx.
Will they work with a 1979 Les Paul Pro?
Are these cream/white (as in the photos) or are they they ones that are more of a greenish color?
Is this possible to just play and not connect it on the computer ?
Looking primarily to learn piano, but would sacrifice SFX of most boards to get midi; any downside to getting a midi to learn on?
Does it have a headphone port
how wide is the keyboard?
is this possible to connect to connect just an ipad .. and not on the computer?
are the keys weighted
Is the USB cable included or do I need to buy that separately?
what type of power cable and transformer do you need?
Does this work with Win 7 64 bit OS?
Does this midi controller keyboard come with software or do I have to buy separate software to play piano through my computer speakers?
In this description it does not state what size it is? Does anybody know what size this is??
Can this humidifier be used if the guitar is hanging on the wall sometimes ?
I've just started using this humidifier for my Teton. Is it hard to remove the plastic ring safely? And does it really matter?
Can this humidifier fit the hole in the ""LITTLE" MARTIN GUITAR.? I don't know if all guitar holes are standrd size. Any one know?
Does this thing actually de-humidify when you don't add water, and does the guitar need to be in it's case.
Is this unit quiet(no hiss/hum when ears placed next to speakers)? Is it neutral sounding with EQ bypassed? How does it compare overall to the newer DBX 231S from a sonic point of view?
Is this equaliser better than the behringer?
Can i connect this DBX 231 pro eq to my home theatre receiver Marantz SR8500
why do I need dual
Is there any way to attach this pop filter to the bottom of the Yeti? ( like the last picture on this bundle: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B003LRY1UE )
Does this attach to the Blue Snowball USB mic (i.e. not on a regular mic stand, but on the small stand that comes with the Snowball?
do i have to attach it to the yeti or can i attach it to any microphone
Is there any way to attach this with RODE PSA1 and Radius II Shock Mount?
dose this come in black
Does this work with the blue spark digital?
how well dose this work as in is it noticeable with the pop filter as with out?
should i use this rather than a windscreen? id rather not pay the extra $15 if i dont have to.
Is this as good or better than a double layered $7 or $19 standard black pop filter?
would this work with a Blue Snowball?
What hard shell case is recommended for this bass? It seems that there's no Epiphone one like there is for the Thunderbird.
Is there any change of the bass getting harmed/damaged due to shipping/transportation? How is it packed for shipping?
does this bass come professionally set up
Does it come with a one year warranty? Thanks Josh
How much neck dive if any does this bass have?
Where is this bass made?
What does the bass sound like acoustically?
ball ends or not
Are the Blue Steel a title brand name or steel strings? I need steel strings for my Dean Markley pickup
Can I use these strings on my dreadnought guitar?
are they actually blue?
will this microhone work with any wireless transmitter that has the same connector
Does it come with the windscreen?
Pardon my ignorance but can I plug this right into my mixer (when using a mini-to regular xlr adapter)? Thanks!
I want to plug this into my camera but both the xlr outputs are the same so I would need an adapter right?
How long is the cord?
Will these pins fit the following: Seagull S6 Spruce, Teton cedar mahogany dreadnought and Martin 00-15M?
How is the sound in comparison to TUSQ or Ebony?
What is the diameter of these pins just below the head? Would anybody be willing to check it with a pair of calipers?
I dropped the package while opening it. How can I tell which pins go which string? The diff in size seems subtle. Does it matter?
Will they fit a Tacoma DR-28 acoustic
Will this fit a takamine?
Hello, I wonder if this product sent to Argentina as price, thanks
D'Andrea Tone Pins Brass: Bridge Pin Set
does this one have the 4 din pin (4 pin male) connection ?
does the shure WH30 have a volume control
Can I use the Shure WH30 Condenser Headset Microphone with any back pack that has a TA4F connector?
is the headset mic all you need? do you need transmitter?
Does your Shure wh30tqg headset mic, ($100.96) on prime, have a TA4F mini connector?
Why wouldn't you just buy a powerstrip and plug each of your pedals into it? Or a Visual Sound one plug that connects all the chained effects?
Can this power pedals that need 500ma, 1300ma, or 2000ma? That's what my pedals need. If not this is useless to me.
When iconect my effects to a daisy chain i get so much noise and even radio stations with overdrive, does this item fix that?
Will it work on my Line 6 - DL4?
Is this item 240V ready? or does it only operate on 120V?
Will this power a TC Electronic Nova Delay (ND-1) ? It's 12v, 400mA.
what are the dimensions of this box?
Im seeing different answers to very similar questions. What exactly would I need to power 18v pedals? I have 2 18v pedals and 6 9v pedals.
Will it work with Korg&acute;s SDD-3000 pedal?
Does this come with a master on/off switch?
What is Cello Practice Mute
Does this mute work with a 4/4 size cello?
I am an adult, absolutely Cello beginner, who would like to start as self-study for now. Any advice on which books and material to purchase(so many)
what country was this manufactured in?
Does this mute work with a 3/4 size cello?
Does this work with a 1/2 size cello?
Will this work on &frac12; size violin?
Does this work on viola?
My mute smells like a toxic waste dump. Do they all smell like this? It is so bad it gives me a headache when I use it.
How is this placed on the violin?
will it work on a 5 string banjo
will it fit a 13" viola?
will this work on a mandolin?
is this for 4/4/ violin?
How does it work?
Is this item selmer s90 facing190&#xFF1F;
I`ve sax alto... What`s the diference between S90 and S80 ? (characteristics)
Selmer Paris S90 Series Alto Saxophone Mouthpiece 190 Facing&#x3002; I want this product
I'm going to hang an autographed Gibson Lucille in this. Will it accomadate this big girl?
Would this work for a Squier by Fender Affinity P/J Bass Guitar? or should I get the wide bodied one?
Will this support a Dean flying V?
would this fit a BC Rich nockingbird?
Will this fir a Schecter C1 body?
Will this support a Fender Stratocaster?
How is it mounted on the wall? I have cement walls, so will this holder work for me?
Will it work for a lefty?
The title says it's for narrow bodied but the description says wide. Which is it?
Does this guitar stand fit a miniature guitar for children, roughly half the size (approx 3') of a standard guitar?
Is the Shure SM93 Lavalier Microphone suitable to be used with the TASCAM DR-100mkII Digital Recorder?
Can this be used as a USB mic? I prefer a lavalier so I don't have to worry about facing the mic all the time while recording online lectures.
Can I use the Shure SM93 on another body pack that is not manufactured by Shure? I have a body pack from another manufacture.
Hi , how you can power it , phantom power or battery or both
What is the exact length of the cable?
Can I plug the Shure SM93 Lavalier Microphone directly to my Panasonic X900M or antother videocam or do I have to use it with a Wireless bodypack ?
where can i purchase a replacement power supply
are there any rack mount capabilities?
What are the power requirements in Watts?
Is the power supply included?
Can someone explain this spec? *Maximum Load: 10A per channel / 20A total I would've thought that being a 4 channel dimmer, if it is rated at 20 A max, then it would've been rataed at 5A per channel not 10 A per channel. What am I missing?
Does this product come with Stage Pin Connectors?
I bought a couple of cheap dimmer packs and when they are dimmed below 50% they would randomly flash brighter. are these stable
I am purchasing the ADJ Scene Setter 24 Channel Light Console and ADJ 8 Slim Par Cans. Do I need the dimmer pack for it to work and to dim lights?
Is there a similar product with Stage Pin connectors instead of Edison connectors?
Could this work on someone with index tip cut off and crooked tip on middle finger?
I have a chord buddy. After a few months it wears out and doesn't make chords well. Does this also happen with the EZ Chord?
Does this E Z Cord come with a CD and Songs
Does it work on left handed guitars
what chords does this thing make ???
Do this product fits on Electric guitar.
Do this product came with Sample rock, country cord to practice
will it work on lefthanded guitar?
Can it attached to my husbands guitar and our tv?+
hOW MANY CHORDS DOES THIS PLAY
Does this Mic come with a cable that would plug into my laptop? If not can I buy one that is compatible? Thank you!
Will this cord by Cable Matters http://amzn.to/1xQzJT3 plug into this Mic? Thanks!! :)
Is this considered an amplified microphone?
Is this a 3 pin or 4pin XLR connection?
What cable do you need to plug in into a guitar amp?
Does it come with a mic mount for the stand?
Guys, I have behringer XM8500 connected to my ASUS Xonar D2X Sound Card, the recording is too low though I put it to the Maximum in settings.Any hint?
Does this mic come with a desk top mic stand or just the mount for a stand? So if I purchase this mic do I need to buy a stand separately?
If it has no On/Off or Mute switch, how do you turn it off??? Need to pull out the USB?
I'm not looking to record music, just use it with a karaoke app on the laptop. Do I still need to buy the cable or does it work cordless?
Are these truly passive pickups like in the description, or active pickups as the image appears to indicate?
not include the case?
There appears to be some confusion as to what guitar this is, is it a 4 or 5 string Bass? I want to buy it, but must be sure as to what I am getting.
Is it a 5 string as the title says? or a 4 string as the picture indicates?
What strings are best suited to this bass (what calibre)??
Will the B1 fit into a universal shock mount 43-50mm?
is mic compatible with deq2496
Does this use the same diaphragm as the B-2? Is the only difference between the two the extra diaphragm in the b-2?
What's exactly in the box when you buy this mic? Does it comes with a carrying case or any accessories?
Does it come with the Shock mount, Windscreen, Aluminum carry case?
Do you send to Brazil? Thank you and success
What is the different between B-1 &amp; B-2?
help: how do i hook it up with my laptop?
The threaded part on my micstand and the threaded part on the mic holder are different sizes. Where do I get a converter? What is it called?
I have the M-Audio Fast Track Pro. Could I use this mic with this audio interface?
would this fit a fender champion 100?
I have a 2x12 combo amp, the Line 6 AxSys 212. Will this cover fit that amplifier?
Will this cover fit a fender twin black-face ??
It says may not fit vintage '65 amps. Will it fit a 1969 Twin Reverb?
I have an early 80's Fender Concert. Do you have a cover for that?
Is it true that it doesn't have the Fender logo?
I just bought the black Fender 005-0250-000 '65 Twin Reverb Amp Cover. I am wondering if you have any of these for my Mesa Boogie Mark IV head amp?
what are the exact inside dimensions?
Looking for a single button switch to use with a Mustang II 40w. Will this switch work? Single button switches are just on/off, right?
Is it works with a fender rumble v3 100 amp?
Will this work with a Fender Bassman 400H?
Hi and thanks in advance for your help. Will this footswitch work as a Champion 40 channel switcher?
Will this work on a Fender Champion 110?
Will this work for channel switching on a Blues Deluxe Reissue?
Will this item fit a MIM Fender Jazz bass?
What are the dimensions of this item?
Are these the flat top knobs found on American Standards?
Does it come with a manual on how to get to the effects I want? It seems that its very confusing.
does it need a amp
Will this take a stereo input from keyboards..?
Does this pedal have a distortion mode, for metal power chord songs?
Behringer is famous for copying other makers' stuff - which copy is this? Also, it'd be great to learn has it any drum-machine like Zooms have. Thanks
How do you turn this thing off and on? Is the only way to power it on or off to plug in and remove the AC adapter?
does this come with a power charger and is there a warranty being refurbished?
What other cables do you need with this, or do they suggest it in the manual--and does it get is power source from the amplifer (i am clueless)
Does this have an "octave" effect?
I've read this processor does not have a looper. Can I connect one to this processor down the line? If so, what is recommended?
What is the thread size on this part. the white tip model for Fender Squier is too big (6mm?). Mine is a 1989 USA Squier - anyone know what will fit?
Will this fit an American Special strat?
Is this the 10/32 arm size? I need it to fit a Callaham Block
Some owners say the speaker in this amp is weak and they recommend replacing but most reviews I read though like it stock - what's the verdict?
how many ohms and what wattage is the factory speaker rated at?
Can you play audio through this from an MP3 player ?
Can you play Speed metal or Thrash on this amp.
Can you play audio through this from an MP3 player ?
Is this amp loud enough to play in a gym with? Thanks.
Set on the clean channel, how loud can this amp get? Thanks in advance, 'ppreciate it.
does this case have a storage compartment
Would this be manufactured by G &amp; G (badge would be on the storage compartment) , as is other Fender cases?
I have a Fender Aerodyne Jazz Bass.....Will it fit?
will this fit a 5 string jazz bass? If not, what will? I need a hard case for touring and I can't ever seem to find specs regarding 5 strings
What are the inside deminsions of the guitar case?
Does anyone know if this fits a T-Bucket 300ce
Will this case fit a fender starcaster?
Just ordered a fender t-bucket 100ce. Can anyone confirm that this case would for sure fit my guitar?
A quick question for my fellow southpaws out there: Will this case work with a lefty acoustic? (A LEFT-Handed Sonoran SCE)
Will this case fit a fender sonoran SCE dreadnought cutaway acoustic electric guitar ?
Does anyone know if a Fender Sonoran would fit in this case
Can we get a confirmation that the picture represents the case please? One review says it does NOT.
Would the Fender CP-100 Parlor guitar fit nicely in this case?
Can I connect it directly with a camera that has XLR input? Or do I need to go through some sort of transmitter first?
Does he have the clip that ataches it to someone's shirt or lapel?
Can this be connected to a Sony HDR-CX210?
Can this be connected with a Sony HDR-CX210 Handycam?
how long is the cable?
can you plug this into an xlr input on a zoom recorder?
Does it connect with 3-pin XLR?
Is the height of the 2nd tier adjustable?
Is the second tier good for laptops?
Can this accomodate smaller synthesizers like the Moog Lil Phatty Stage II? I have two that size and I'd like to mount one on top and on bottom.
Is the second tier stable? I was wondering if it would be strong enough to hold a midi controller that I sometimes bang on.
is the second tiers width adjustable? Id like to use the second tier to hold a mpd 32 midi controller that is roughly 15" x 12"
can this be lowered for a sitting position? And if yes what happens to the 2nd tier, does that center bar holding the 2nd tier slide out to expand?
HI, the picture is different from the actual item, I want to know if the legs are double X or just one X, I see 2 diferent pictures so which is it?
Can I use A Samson GTrack with this stand?
Can this mic stand be used as a base for the "M-Audio Studio Producer" USB Microphone?
Compatibility with Behringer C-1 Studio Condenser Microphone: Behringer C-1 Studio Condenser Microphone Will this hold the Behringer C-1 Studio Condenser Microphone?
can I use this with a Pyle PDMICR42BK Classic Retro Vintage Style Dynamic Vocal Microphone ?
Is this stand useful for 5/8"-27 mic stand mount that comes with AT 2020 mic?
Is this stand strong enough to hold a shure sm7b?
Will this stand work with a MXL V63M condenser microphone and shockmount?
Works with blue snowball?
Will the Behringer B1 with shock mount work with this?
Will this work with the AKG c214?
Why are these ranked #1 in the category "Fishing" ?
what is the difference between slinky and non slinky?
I'm looking for extra strings for my new Les Paul Special II. I'm buing guitar from amazon, it costs $149. Are this strings compatible?
Do all 6 strings come in the "1 pack"?
ok..will these strings work for me? I am just learning, bough Rocksmith, trouble tuning broke a string. I have NO idea what kind to buy, help please
Would the Super Slinky (9-42) be good for a 25.5 inch scale guitar?I want to put them on my Kramer Pacer Classic.
Is an e string part of this package
Do these work on any electric guitar?
Would the "not even" strings be good for drop c and drop b tuning?
The advertised product is for "Skinny Top/Heavy Bottom Slinky Nickel Wound Set (10 - 52)" but I'm seeing an image of 8-38's (Extra Slinky). Why?
what gauge are they? string sizes
how many strings come in this pack
How many of packs I have to buy to qualify for free shipping, at minimum?
Why are these ranked #1 in the category "Fishing" ?
what is the difference between slinky and non slinky?
I'm looking for extra strings for my new Les Paul Special II. I'm buing guitar from amazon, it costs $149. Are this strings compatible?
Do all 6 strings come in the "1 pack"?
ok..will these strings work for me? I am just learning, bough Rocksmith, trouble tuning broke a string. I have NO idea what kind to buy, help please
Would the Super Slinky (9-42) be good for a 25.5 inch scale guitar?I want to put them on my Kramer Pacer Classic.
Is an e string part of this package
Do these work on any electric guitar?
Would the "not even" strings be good for drop c and drop b tuning?
The advertised product is for "Skinny Top/Heavy Bottom Slinky Nickel Wound Set (10 - 52)" but I'm seeing an image of 8-38's (Extra Slinky). Why?
flashing or no
Can you use these with any lightbulb type?
Can these work on 220v?
Does it have XLR So I can control from my Lighting Board?
Is this a two can set?
do they have to be mounted, can they be situated on the floor in the corner?
Product Dimensions 4 x 3 x 3 inches? is it correct?
do you get two cans for the listed price?
Can this stand support a 12 lb. iso filter, as well as a Blue Yeti microphone?
I want to create a clothes drying rack with a weighted stand. Would it be easy to make such a device with this?
is this the full stand or just the base, because I just got the base. and im quite angry.
how to hook this up
what type of shock mount and pop filter should I buy with this mic stand?
The unit I just received did not come with the black pole that attaches to the stand. Is it included with this item?
Would I be able to play this, with small hands? I've heard the bent neck and keys should make it playable for me.
Has this bass got the C- C# key or the undivided C key? Hard to see from the illustration
Key: Should I assume this/all bass recorders are in key of F?
I'm concerned that if the keys get damaged that it will be difficult to find a replacement key, is a key available to order and replace?
Does the 302B model have B and C keys as well as F/F#?
Does this bass recorder come with a case?
Is this a C instrument, like a flute or oboe?
What is the difference in these recorders: YRT-304B and YRT-304BII? (both are Yamaha Tenors). Thanks.
I'm an adult but have very small hands. Years ago I played the clarinet with no difficulties and was wondering about spacing and reach on this?
After receiving it, I noticed that there is a long scratch / crack visible starting from each hole of the recorder. I'm wondering, is this normal?
is this tuned to 415 or 440?
ok, my hand measures 7.4 inches streached from the tip of the little finger to the tip of the thumb, the little has 2.7inches. would suit?
It was noted that the yamaha tenor lacks in the upper register Is there a more fully rounded tenor recorder in this price range?
Does the tenor recorder come with some sort of case?
Does this recorder come with the keys/levers for the C/C# hole as shown in the picture? Also, is there a thumb rest?
How long is this recorder? How big would my hands need to be to play it comfortably?
how does it work without the cartridges and do the cartridges have actual songs on them
What else do I need to go with the actual q chord?
Hello; Do you send the Q Chord to New Zealand and how much extra in NZ$ I also have some other questions like does the power pack take the 240 volt power system in New Zealand and does the plug on the power pack fit our smaller wall sockets.
Can i plug the Qchord into a guitar amplifier.
Does it use batteries? If so: what size, how many, and how long do they last?
I saw a reference to buying a "rhythm cartridge". I thought the rhythms were built-in. Yes?
How do I find teaching videos or books
Is there a color choice? Mostly they look med. brown, but some are mostly black. How to be sure which color I am getting?
How does the strum plate sound? Like the Omnichord--a harp sound?
Can you play individual or combinations of strings, and, can you bend notes/chords?
Anyone knows the dimensions of the bench?
can you adjust the height while sitting down?
Is the padding soft or firm? Does it give in too easily when sitting on it?
In the description it says that the bench height is 22 inches. Is this the maximum or minimum height?
what is the weight of this bench?
Looked all over the web but was unable to find the max height for this bench. If it's not too much trouble, would you post that information? Thanks!
Does anyone know whether the finish is matte or high-gloss? Thanks.
Where is this product made?
Includes the power supply?
Will a standard 9 volt power supply work for this (ex: a One Spot daisy chain)?
Can you use it as well as Bass Distortion Effect and how it sounds?
What's the difference between this pedal and the Pro Co Turbo Rat Distortion Pedal? I've always wondered what the "turbo" offered in terms of sound.
If possible, how would you compare this to the Big Muff Pi from Electro-Harmonix? I bought that pedal and am not too happy with it.
is it true bypass?
What all comes with this?
What number contens the box of this product?
Is this recorder a "Baroque Soprano Recorder" (that's what the music teacher is requiring)?
has anyone compared this with the Yamaha YRS24B series ivory-colored models? Is this exactly the same, or different in feel and tone?
Does this come with a cover so it is protected from getting dirty in between uses?
does it come with a cover?
What's the difference between this one and the Yamaha YRS-24B (besides color)? The price for this is 3x the other, is it worth it?
is this made in china?
how is Baroque Fingering different than regular recorder fingering? Also, Can I play sharps and flats with this istrument?
is it Real Quality
Is this good durable recorder? how does it sound compared to regular yamaha g?
Is the "Yamaha YRS-302B Soprano Recorder - Baroque 3 Pc." black or brown?
what version should i get to mod this headphones: the closed, semi open damped, or just the semi open?
Actually planar magnetic?
Will Fostex headphones bought through you come with a warranty?
Where are these headphones made?
Is the accordion from Mexico not to be racial or anything im just wondering
I want to know the dimensions please. Also the weight! Thanks in advance
Does the Hohner Panther 3100GB come with the new and improved "thunder cats" grill?
does it play in minor keys?
I'd like to learn to play Tex-Mex music. Is the Hohner Panther a good beginner's accordion? Or should I wait until I can afford the Corona II?
Can anyone recommend a decent case for this accordion? Hohner has 2 different hard cases here on Amazon for around 65 bucks, but reviews are all bad!
I wanna know if you dont have in gcf but wet tuned, because its seems that all hohners come in wet version not dry
Do you have different colors?
You make deliveries to Mexico?"
Is it possible to modify the accordion for a left-hand player?
Do guitar pedals fit well on this while staying in the 2 rack spaces?
Can this be mounted in a 19" two post rack?
Will this fit in a Gator Rack Bag 3U Case?
Is this wireless or does it require a cable?
Hi, I want to use this mic on a computer for singing. What other equipment do I need to purchase to make it work, etc cable?
Would this work with a Canon T3i DSLR with the External Mic Slot?
can this fit a 22inch bass drum?
can I put there my drum stands?
Can this be used as a coffin?
What is the length and diameter of this bag
I have 4 cymbal stands and snare stand and 2 tom holders and Hi hat and seat stand will this fit them?
Can a Alesis dm6 fit in it?
I currently use guitar honey on my fretboard. How does this product compare please? Suggestions are welcome!
does it make the strings easier to slide on?
Would this be fine to use on classical guitars?
Hello there! Do you ship this product to Argentina (Mendoza city)? What is the shipping rate? I would like to buy 3 items
What are the ingredients?
Can I use it on Rosewood Fretboards?
Does this banjo have a metal tone ring?
Please could you open an exception and ship to the Brazil? thank you very much
What is the warranty on the item?
How many picks does this hold?
Can they hold heavy picks?
Can I attach this to the Guitar? If yes, how?
What is the difference between a guitar pick and a ukulele pick?
at that price how many can I buy?
Assuming you want to take this off of you guitar at some point, would it be possible to remove it without damage or left over residue?
I've seen these attached directly to the guitar, either on the side or the back, could one attach this to a guitar strap?
will this pick holder hold medium fender picks?
Would this fit: Dunlop 426P114 1.14mm Ultex Tri Guitar Pick www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000EENF7M/...
I bought this for my son and it doesn't have a cord. what kind of cord do I need?
What kind of case can be used to protect it? It is very light and needs something.
My son takes his guitar to school for after school practice. His current amp is too big and heavy to handle on the bus. How big is this amp? How much does it weigh?
How big is it?
Can I plug my bass into this amp and get reasonable sound for practice?
Would this work with an acustic guitar as well?
Would it be possible to connect an MP3 player to this amp? Don't need stereo, just sound.
Belt clip: Does anyone know if this has a belt clip?
Three questions; what is the size of this amp, how load can it get and what is the sound quality like?
does it come with a cord?
Why are these ranked #1 in the category "Fishing" ?
what is the difference between slinky and non slinky?
I'm looking for extra strings for my new Les Paul Special II. I'm buing guitar from amazon, it costs $149. Are this strings compatible?
Do all 6 strings come in the "1 pack"?
ok..will these strings work for me? I am just learning, bough Rocksmith, trouble tuning broke a string. I have NO idea what kind to buy, help please
Would the Super Slinky (9-42) be good for a 25.5 inch scale guitar?I want to put them on my Kramer Pacer Classic.
Is an e string part of this package
Do these work on any electric guitar?
Would the "not even" strings be good for drop c and drop b tuning?
The advertised product is for "Skinny Top/Heavy Bottom Slinky Nickel Wound Set (10 - 52)" but I'm seeing an image of 8-38's (Extra Slinky). Why?
Why are these ranked #1 in the category "Fishing" ?
what is the difference between slinky and non slinky?
I'm looking for extra strings for my new Les Paul Special II. I'm buing guitar from amazon, it costs $149. Are this strings compatible?
Do all 6 strings come in the "1 pack"?
ok..will these strings work for me? I am just learning, bough Rocksmith, trouble tuning broke a string. I have NO idea what kind to buy, help please
Would the Super Slinky (9-42) be good for a 25.5 inch scale guitar?I want to put them on my Kramer Pacer Classic.
Is an e string part of this package
Do these work on any electric guitar?
Would the "not even" strings be good for drop c and drop b tuning?
The advertised product is for "Skinny Top/Heavy Bottom Slinky Nickel Wound Set (10 - 52)" but I'm seeing an image of 8-38's (Extra Slinky). Why?
Can two MiaMidi cards coexist and function simultaneously on the same computer?
is this product good for streaming to the net?
Is the first pic of the actual card because I need the one in the second pic?
Would this product be good for an internet radio station??
I need to know if the foot switch comes with the locking cable. If not, where can I find one?
Can this pedal be used for a Spider 3? Also, I want to switch from clean to distortion, is this the right pedal for me?
Is this pedal compatible with the spider iv amps?
Is this pedal only compatible with Line 6 amps? and is this able to switch between other pedals or presets on a mixed effect pedal?
is this pedal compatible with the line 6 spider ll 210 stereo amp?
Would this pedal work with iPad running OnSong?
Could I use it to swap over to my distortion pedal or no?
does this work with the 75W line 6 AMPLIFI
I bought a Boss MEV pedal switch and wondering if this is compatible with the Spider amp?
I purchased this a couple months back and it doesn't work, anyone have the same problem?
Can this plug directly into my DSLR, specifically a Canon T3i, or do I need to purchase an adapter? If so, which one? Thanks.
Does it come with a shock mount/holder of some kind?
I need a shotgun mic to record lectures into Dragon on my MacBook Pro. Any help?
Can I plug this directly into a Zoom h4n recorder, or do I need a cord or adapter that's not included?
What kind of quality would I lose if I use an adapter to convert the XLR to a 1/8" jack and plug it into my Tascam DR-07MkII ?
How do I know when it's on? I put an AA battery inside. I don't have a camera yet to plug it to (in the mail) to see if it works.
Does this connect to a Macbook Pro for speech recognition?
I have a Sony HXR-NX30U Camcorder that I'd like to plug this into, is it possible? and if so, what else would I need to make it work?
Can I connect it to a DR-40 4-Track Portable Digital Recorder?
Are these ball ends?
It says solid steel core in one part of the decription and Pro Arte synthetic in another. Which is it?
Can I use this for 1/4 or 1/2 scale?
how many strings come in these packets? is it just one, all or half?
Is it okay if I buy them now and use them a year later? Will the strings still be in good shape? (Ex. strong, sound)
I&acute;m just learning to play. What does medium, heavy, light tension mean? Which should I buy?
Should you replace all strings if one breaks?
Do these strings have a ball end?
Why can't these strings ship to Alaska? We are indeed one of the United States.
what are the strings included?
Are the valces on this trumpet of good quality?
What made is this from?
What is the actual weight of this trumpet?
Is this item easy to use?
What size mouth piece does it come with?
can you connect a 4 channel power amp to this eq
Is this made in USA?
Can i use this equalizer with my audio sound system?
can u use this equalizer with a numark n4 dj controller
Is this an all-analog system? That is, the filters are all done with analog circuits?
will this work in Europe with 220 volt?
These equalizer i use in home o in the car
how many rack spaces does this take up 2 or 4....thanks
what speed does the motor rotate? - Iwould like to use it for my grandson's mobile - so 1 to 3 rpms should be ok.
Does it come with the light &amp; colors so when it spins the ball reflects the lights?
Will this spin in either diretion?
How heavy of a ball can this thing hold and rotate?
Would you be able to ship around 110 pieces to Germany? If yes, how long would this take? Will shipping charges still be free?
Can you ship to Canada? what rate?
i have a 24 " mirror ball, what should i use to make it spin?
This motor is being shown with the 16" mirror ball here...will it work for that? I see it says no larger than 12".
What does requires "1 nonstandard battery" mean? What size is required? Is it included? If not, where is it available?
Questions: -is it loud?, - does it weight 15lbs?, -does it have an on/off switch?
How much weight can the boom support before drifting down? Want to attach either a Shure SM7B or the Heil PR40 - both pro mics with a little weight.
how long or tall this desk stand can go if i just it straight up?
does this have a 25cm arm
What is the length of the portion of the stand that is attached to base to the adjustable joint?
What is the thread size on the stands mic holder? Is it 5/8", the specs don't seem to list that aspect.
does this have a 25cm arm;
What's the finish on the stand? Is it black or chrome? Thanks
How long is this when it is fully collapsed? i.e. for portability?
Could this hold a mic and an isolation shield, or is it too heavy? If so, is there a weight system or way I could counterbalance it?
Looking to use an iPhone for an overhead video shot. With an iPhone tripod holder, can this boom be used?
How tall is the stand fully extended?
I have a rode pro mic. How does it attach to this boom? Do I need a separate adapter?
What is the overall height of this tripod if I extend the boom strait up in the air?
What is the stand's footprint, i.e. its diameter?
I have a Blue Microphones Yeti Platinum Edition. Is this sturdy enough to handle the Yeti's weight, and will the mounting threads mesh?
Does it fit a Gemini Xl-100
I would like a replacement for an ADC XLM cartridge, Mark ii needle, do you have or can you get one?
Hi, Do you know if this replaces a ADC ZLM ? Thanks
the needle i am loolking for ,the no. is 813DS77,could you tell me if St-17Dbsr/fisher type,or styl tetradT2MD3MD 23 43 would work ?
Does it play 45 and 78 records
Does it play 45 and 78 records
Can I use this product stick on outside of my sink to reduce vibration noise from SS sheet metal sink when the disposal is on?
Can these be placed inside a window AC filter and still have the AC work? I saw this recommendation on a soundproofing website.
What is the size of the roll?
Can this be placed on the back of an upright piano as soundproofing?
i live below the kitchen and want to sound proof the wood celing i hear foot steps and things droping will this do the trick?
can I use this for insulation inside speakers
what are the dimensions of this item?
what are the dimensions of this item?
Does this soundproof a room, even alittle bit?
Would this be a good product to use in a bag to protect a laptop?
Does this work with Piano? our HOA require us to insulate the back and bottom of the piano in the condo complex we are in..
Does anyone know of acoustic foam, that can block out noise from the outside, in a 600 sg ft., studio apartment? I have noisy neighbors.
Is this open cell or closed cell foam?
Can you get this foam thicker?
Is the material self adhesive or do you need to provide your own adhesive? If so, what did you use? Thanks,
could i silence a pc case with this
I want to cover some metal surfaces in a closet to prevent sound bouncing off the metal when I record vocals in there. Would this foam work for that?
could I use this for padding for a chest to turn the top into a seat? Thanks
I have a 40 year old Technics(by Panasonic), SL 1200 Direct Drive turntable that has been in retirement for a few years. I am seeking a mid-range replacement cartridge, so I can bring my albums out of retirement, that I do not have on CD's
Most of my albums Light to Medium scratches. Pointless to go with highend cart. Current Cart: Shure M92E, not much beter then org. slbd20d technics Cart. Would this cart be better?
I want to make sure this is really the Audio Technica 311ep because it is not in the title description.
what cartridge will replace technics P23 ?
The photo in "Frequently Brought Together" shows a "carrier" to the left of the cartridge. Iit is not shown in the large photo. Is it included?
Will this be a good substitute for the Technics P22 cartridge?
Does the AT311EP is considered an elliptical needle? I need a new cartridge for my REALISTIC LAB 2200
Does this A/Technica Universal Mount cartridge have a right-side screw hole?
Would the AT311EP be compatible with the Dual 1019 turntable?
MM or MC ? Thx
Does this pedal work with all Korg keyboards?
For a while, my pedal sustained when NOT depressed, sort of a reverse functionality, which I actually appreciated...but can't replicate. Anyone else?
Is this compatible with a Yamaha P105? Debating between this and the Yamaha FC4 pedal. Any feedback appreciated!
Will this pedal work with a WK 200 Casio keyboard?
How long is it?
Will this pedal work with any Yamaha keyboard (digital or electric)?
Has anyone used this for a Hi-Hat pedal for Yamaha Digital Drum Sets (DD-50/DD-55)? It's listed as an "alternative" to the disco'd stock pedals.
is this pedal compatible with Casio CTK 2300? Thanks
Does this have a right-angle plug?
Is this compatible with an M-audio key station 49e? Also, there's only one output/phones jack on my keyboard. Can I use the pedal while I'm hooked up to a mixing board?
What is the difference between this 312 and the 314 model?
What's the difference between the YRA-302B and the YRA-312B?
Just purchased the Alto Recorder. Are the holes suppose to be perfectly aligned on the recorder? Getting a strong whistle with "C"
Is this the newest 312B III model?
Which is the most useful key to get an alto recorder in?
Is the Yamaha YRA-312B Alto Recorder, Key of F Baroque of German fingering?
Has anyone tried this and verified that The Slippwer" shoulder rest fits in it. The Slippr is much bulkier than the Kun, etc.
Does anyone know if this case will accommodate a Bon Musica 4/4 violin shoulder rest?
does this fit a 4/4 violin Everest shoulder rest?
Any idea whether or not a VIOLA shoulder rest will fit in this case? Mine measures 9x3x2.5 inches. What are the dimensions of the case?
Will this bag hold a full size violin kun shoulder rest?
how much does the guitar weigh?
Is the neck on this guitar smaller than standard size because I have small fingers. Also, how heavy is this guitar? Does this guitar sound okay for being a travel size? I can't decide between this one or a Martin Backpacker. Thanks it helps alot!
Where is it made ?
Can you use silk steel strings?
Does this guitar have a truss rod?
what size string gauges come equipped with the rover?
Is there a pickup and amp that fits the Rover?
Does this guitar come with backpack straps? If I buy a used guitar and it doesn't come with any backpack straps, does any body now where I can get some, or if there are any substitute straps I can get? Thanks
what about shipping to Canada?
Is this offered left handed
Does this keyboard have speakers or do you need to purchase separate speakers?
Midi Controllers vs. simple electric keyboards: Can someone please explain to me the difference between getting a midi controller like this one or another electric keyboard?
does it work with garageband
Does this keyboard only play through a computer, or can you just plug it in and boom, it works????!!!! Just like that!
I just purchased a new M-audio ES88 and when I turn the power on and strike a key there is no sound. Does this keyboard require an external power amp?
Can this be played without the computer? Straight to speakers??
How to use it? Who can help me!!
Does this keyboard work with FL Studio 11?
I'm looking for an affordable MIDI keyboard that works with those various plug-ins of Sonar x3 Producer. Does anyone have proof that it's compatible?
can i use a sustain pedal with this? and will it fuction with fruity loops and reason?
Does this come with sticks ? Also can I attach it my speaker without buying further devices ?
Does this have any other accessories? Adapter, pedals, etc?
do i need a USB/MIDI converter?
usb/midi interface: is a usb/midi interface included with this drum or do i need to purchase that separately?
Touch sensitivity--is it good? Is that the case here?
Just to confirm, will this replacement stylus fit my 20-year old Sony PS LX100 turntable?
Willthis work on a Sharp RP-7700 ?
Will this work on the Pioneer PL-990?? When I search PZP1004 for the replacement stylus for the Pioneer, this is what comes up.
Will this fit the ps-lx300-usb?
Will the atn3600l stylus replace the at-pl50 stylus?
Will this be a decent replacement for an Aiwa AN-11 Stylus?
Would this work with a fisher mt-223?
Will this work on SHARP rp-11 fully automatic turntable
will this stylus work for ps-lx255?
What are the inputs &amp; outputs? for example: 1/4 inch, or RCA, or mini-jack (headphone sized jack)
Does it have a aux jack to plug in a media player?
Has anyone ever used these as nearfield studio monitors? Are they any good for that purpose?
Is this price for 2 speakers or for 1 speaker? Thanks!
What's included when you buy this mic? Cable? Shock mount? Or do you need to buy that somewhere else?
I saw an unboxing video that showed the B1 packaged with a foam windscreen, a shockmount, and a wooden case. Does it still come with the wooden case?
what is the function of the pad switch?
How tall is this mic? Is it lightweight enough to function as a desktop mic without tipping over?
Can I use this preamp to record with this mic and will it be compatible? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002...
what are the correct 9volt battery to use in these micro phones I have dural cell 9 volt
is this good item for a starting out DJ? and does this hook up to a DJ station?
is it real and do you need a speaker
do i needa speaker
what is everything that i would need if i were to buy this product
Will I be able to hook this up to a stereo receiver?
Can you drop it?
can these connect to a pc or mac computer for audio recording
What is range?
Grado carts don't work w/ rega tables It hums But is there a way to MAKE it work?Can the ground be isolated signal cable or made to work any othr way?
Would this be an acceptable replacement cartridge for my Denon DP 11-F?
can this cartridge fit pyle plttb3u turntable?
does this cartridge come with a stylus or will I need to purchase one in addition to the cartridge?
How does this compare to the Audio-Technica AT95E cartridge?
Is there a timer I could buy to go along with this fog machine?
How big is the tank?
Does the remote use a 3 or 5 prong plug? Helpful if I want to buy a timer with it.
What is the best way to hang this product up to a wall/ceiling? What equipment will I need for that?
does it work with spewing corpse prop?
which mic do I order for south Carolina in usa
Does it come with a carry case like the other sure mics (PGX)?
Which mic combination do I order for use Internationally - specifically in India ?
dear.. all shure hire ,receiver and mic all made in china? is that true
dear! tell me please , this is made in china or america, real one or fake
The picture shows a Logic outjack on the back. This is something that I must have. Confirming that there is one.
how do I know if this mic is usable for the DC area UHF Multi-Frequency on the Shure slx24/sm58 handheld wireless system, H5
voltage: Will the SLX24/SM58 work OK using 240V, 60 Hz?
Can this mixer be used with the PYLE-PRO PDWM4400 - 4 Mic VHF Wireless Lavalie/ Headset System
Can this mixer be used with USB cables to broadcast on PC?
Is this digital?
Are the input jacks RCA or phono?
speakers dj
I am considering this for a bass rig, but my Ampeg SVT-CL doesn't have an effects loop. Does this unit need to be in an effects loop to function?
Can I use this with powered speakers? I have a sub and a pair of active speakers hooked up to my asus xonar essence sound card and was just wondering.
we record our live shows. often. will this help limit clipping and keep levels up? I would rather keep a constant level. hard to teach sound guys this
Is the Red version still available? I want the Red version of this nice, how to have it looking in this way? Black is heavy in compression.
This item is shown in red on the Amazon web page, but shown in black when I add it to my cart for purchase. Is it red or black?
The handle and clasps are snug, right? Nothing feels loose or wobbly?
Will a Epiphone Les Paul Standard with a Bigsby fit?
Will this case work for a les paul jr. Straight neck slab body guitar? I don't want to have to stuff it with old towels! lol
will a es335 fit
hello friend I'm iooking @ the brown w/ pink are these lp cases and do they have the logo?
will this case fit a PRS se custom semi-accoustic?
Does it come with a stand or an XLR cable?
Hey, I have a behringer audio interface with this microphone - I get audio but the blue light isn't on (on the mic). Is this a problem or is it fine?
I have this model and am currently running it through a Blue Icicle. It worked when I first got it, but now just noise comes through. Any ideas?
Will this microphone work with Windows 8 ?
Are you able to use this as a usb mic / be able to put this into your macbook pro?
What case do you use to safely transport this microphone?
Can it be used live, to mic a church choir w/ 5-7 voices and a few instruments? Would be used in conjunction with a few other microphones
the usb version is $2 more xD
Since it doesn't come with a cable or stand, is there a specific type of cable and stand that I need? I need to plug it into an Audiobox Interface.
Anyone know of any good interface/mixer that'll record 4-5 separate tracks to usb?
i am looking for lapel mic collar clip-ons for Audio technica PRO T70
Does this clip rotate?
Will this clip on fit all miss?
Does this fit an ATR3350mW Omnidirectional Mic?
How would this do with a violin, a really good, and rather expensive violin that will be played mostly acoustically, only occasionally plugged in?
I'm looking for a pickup for my husband's 1937 Gibson L7. Anyone use this with an old archtop? Looking for unobtrusive with good sound.
will akg pt45 transmitter work with this mic
Could this be used with a flute?
How does the adhesive hold up after multiple times on and off? How is the adhesive maintained between uses? What is the adhesive made of?
where to buy the adhesive
How long can it produce fog continuously?
Say you have a 23 ft by 13 ft basement, how would the fog machine do?
this thing needs fog liquid right
How loud is it?
Do you have to manually push the button? Does this automatically dispense the fog when it's ready or do I need to push the button each time?
Now much pressure is on the exhaust side of this unit
hi loved while it worked......the heating element fryied....cant get in touch with manurfacturer ..does any one know were to get a new heating element
I order one, and said will be able at october 31 8pm. I need it october 30 8pm is possible fater the handle process to be just one day before ?
Can you recommend a timer for this? I bought one but it did not work. Bought another wireless remore but that did nto work either.
It stopped creating a fog, How is it cleaned
Is it supposed to rattle when moved like theres something loose inside?
does this light get hot! I want to mount it on the wall in my daughters room to make glow and the dark stars light up.
I plan to use the fixture with incandescent lighting on a Chalk Talk board. Idea is to turn down incandescent and up black light. Ideas?
The room we would like to use is 20ft x 30 ft. Will one be enough?
Will I need to buy anything else than this product for it to work, or will it work when it comes straight out of the package.
My BL requires me to hold the power button down for a few seconds before the light would illuminate. Does this one, or does it have a proper switch?
Does anyone know the best place to hang this light in a 12X12 space so it is not illuminating your face. Trying to have illusion of a club.
how far is the reach of this? lol i have stars also and need to put it on top window frame does it light them up great? thanks...
How do you replace the bulb
do you have to hang these on a wall? i cant nail any holes into the wall so im wondering how i can use this without mounting it on a wall
is it one piece or two folded
Everyone reviewed here seemed to have used this for kids. But is this stand suitable for adult singers also? What would be the maximum height?
how much does shipping cost?
do you think this unit could support a 36 x 24 whiteboard? I'm looking for a stand where I could stand and draw on a whiteboard.
how heavy is it?
how heavy is it?
Ad says "height from 26-40 inches". Is that to shelf (bottom of the music sheet) level, or overall height?
I see the dimensions listed are 23x2x3. Is that the size of the stand inside the case?
how much tilt does the bookplate have, is it very adjustable, and does it stay in place? Is it a knob that you adjust each time?
do you have yellow or gold colors available???
will this damage nitrocellulose-finish guitars?
Just got mine. Is there a screw for arms supporting the bottom of the guitar? The arms can slip off.
It can be disassembled for travel?
Can this stand support a 1/2 size guittar?
Will it hold a kid size guitar
Why is the back leg shorter than the other 2
Are these meant for guitars or can you stand a bass guitar on it?
the pics above actually show about 4 different kinds of stands , why do u use the wrong stands ? correct stand pic is in product description ?
use with acoustic guitar
Will it hold a kid size guitar
Does the 30 ohms have the same bass output if it is connected to an amp compare with the 250 ohms?
Anyone know where these are made? Are they made in China like many competitor's models?
Can anyone clarify exact length of cable? And can they run full Dolby 5.1+/DTS surround or just simulated for movies/gaming?
can this isolate the ambient sound when you are in the airplane
Any issues with ears getting to warm when worn for awhile 2-5 hours?
On the Beyerdynamic website these headphones have the option of coming with a Limiter. Do these come with a Limiter? Is it just for limiting volume?
If I purchase these 770s @ 250ohms what amp would I need for my Yamaha R-S201 receiver?
Why are there 3 different ohm options? What differs between them?
how comfortable are they when you wear glasses?
Will my LG Optimus G E970 power them?
How long does the system work when using D batteries, and how long does it work using the rechargeable battery?
"Dragonfly's" review says you have to hold the microphone right up to your mouth. Anyone else experience this issue?
I am pondering this product for a banquet of approximately 80-85 People, in a facility with high ceilings. Would this product be appropriate?
Does the RB-120 rechargeable battery and WA-VCC carrying case come with this item?
can 2 separate speakers be used with one microphone
where do I buy just the microphone for this product?
do i need a amp with this product
Can more than one mic be used at a time?
Does the power adapter can be used 220v ?
Question: Is this microphone wireless??
I have a shure headset wireless transmitter model T 1G-CL is my question is is the shure wb98h/c intrument mic is compatible or say is it gonna work ?
Does it require a receiver?
Does free shipping apply to Australia? I would like to purchase a new Bach 180S37 Stradivarius trumpet.
Does this come with a standard Bach Stradivarius Trumpet Case, mouthpiece, and close up pictures of everything?
I bought one and noticed the bell dips downwards (the lead pipe curves down). Is this normal?
Ihave a Strad, mint condition purchased about 1986 what would it be priced at today?
Are all of these trumpets silver or are some brass color?
i have a epiphone les pail with stock 700t humbucker pickups. i play mostly rock. would these be better?
Is this a 2-wire or 4-wire pickup (i.e., can you coil tap these pickups? Thanks!
What is the polepiece spacing?
Do these pickups use AlNiCo or ceramic magnets? Thanks!
Can this be used on a strat style?
How good is this pick up from 1 to 10?
Do you need a soldering iron to install it?
Is this a 2 wire or 4 wire pickup?
This pickup came with 4 wires: a red and a white soldered together and a loose green and loose unshielded ground. How do i connect these?
What is the polepiece spacing?
might be a stupid question; do I get one OR two for the price of 49.95 USD?
Will these stands, and the carpet-spikes, be something that will damage my carpet long term?
What is the diameter of the upper pole? Can I use 1 3/8&acirc;&#128;&#157; (35mm) mount with it?
how many stands for this order
The description says these are nylon strings. They aren't are they?
Goofy question: Why are violin strings so crazy expensive compared to much-longer guitar strings? Why not buy a Uke or Guitar set &amp; adapt to violin?
are these strings ball end?
Why the sound of the E is so muted? The A string has the similar problem to some extent. Never had this problem with previous set of strings.
how does this lock fit on to your guitar?....How does it 'lock' onto your guitar?
Does this come in a set or do you have to purchase 2 of them seperately?
Has anyone tried this on an acoustic guitar? Taylors?
8 months later the sound on my dm50 stays really low. changed batteries and same thing.
Anyone know how well this would work for training a Piaffe?
What is the difference between Seiko DM50 and DM50S? Thanks
Several reviews stated that the battery cover is difficult to access. Are other owners having difficulty changing the battery?
Does the vioin case have a handle?
Is this about in scale with dolls like barbie, Mh, Bratz and the like? a
dose it work as a real full size vioin ?
Can this be used as a toy for an American girl doll?
How many inches is this top to bottom? I know the review says about 28" but one can never tell if that's the instrument or the box. : )
How long is neck, how many frets into the cutaway?
I have heard that this will not fit in the Ovation Ukelele case is this true
what kind of amplifier works with the applause tenor ukulele
one review says the cymbals don't touch? is this really the case? or was his set incorrectly adjusted? thanks
How tall is the stand and what kind of cymbals are they?
Does anyone know what are the lowest and highest available positions for the hi hat cymbals? (To the middle of the cymbal pair, say.) Also, what is the spring tension like? Thanks.
google found nothing using jrcx07c instruction manual
The junior hi hat stand didn't come with assembly instructions. I can't tell if I'm doing it wrong, or if my cymbals were devliered bent/damaged.
Will it work with a Casio WK 1300?
Does the spr3 pedal work with the Casio CDP-120?
Will this pedal work for a Casio wk 225?
Will it work with a CTK 558?
Will it work with ct680?
Will this work with a Casio WK-110?
will this work with the Casio Privia PX-310 keyboard
will this work for LK 100?
Does this pedal work with the CTK_5000 model?
will it work with a CT-420 keyboard?
What is the Item (Max &amp; Min) assembled height? how high how low the keyboard can be?
Was I suppose to receive the screws with the packaging??? The directions for assembly are horrible! Do I have to go out to purchase the 4 screws for the base? Please advise?
will this work with PSR 280
Does it work for the Yamaha PSR-E243 Keyboard?
I have seen the dimension, yet I want to reconfirm. Does the stand fold at all? Are the arms detachable? If the stand folds what is the minimum dimension it will fold to? Will it fold below 30 inches (the length or the X-heights)?
Will this work with the Yamaha P105 model?
My stand came with the smaller arm holes the same width apart. The leg holes are not the same width. Do I have the right pieces?
What are the dimensions of this item?
Will this fit the Yamaha PSRGX76?
Does the PKBX2 double X supports the Yamaha keyboard PSR-E243
The main question I have is where do you keep it during live performance that is easy access? Seems slower than a spring, what solutions do u have pls
I bought a G7th Newport, but it didn't clamp tight enough on the low frets (2nd) of my slim electric. Have you used the Performance on an electric?
How does the G7th Performance affect the guitar's tone? I once used a cheap capo that I got from somewhere and it made my guitar sound so bad!
Is this the performance 2 version? The picture on the product page looks like the previous 2004 model.
Is this model the classical, 12 string, or regular?
Does the g7th performance (silver) come with a case?
Is it easy to use and reliable?
From the G7 website there are 3 Performance G7s but none have model numbers. Can you confirm this is the 6-string steel model?
I am sound system illiterate; however, I would like to know can each mic go into a different slot on our sound board. I know that is better for mixing
Why does the Mics cut out while talking on them, I like the Mics when they are working but they just fade in and out so much....any suggestions?
I need a wireless mic system, 4 mics would be best, that I can connect via a USB port to my laptop and use for distance classes when the instructor in
does this item have a speaker
Had 6 months, no problem. Now won't come on when hooked up on either 110 or 220. Don't know if box or power supply. Anyone had similar problem?
Do I need speakers/transmitters/etc.? I just want to use my CD player and accompianment tracks.
What speaker wire connection is on the back of these? Spring-loaded clips or banana plug? Thanks!
How do I hook these up? Do I need an amp and speaker wire or is there a pluggin?
Are these 8 Ohm speakers?
do they have a microphone to listen / monitor sounds near them - 2 way ? and how would that work ? how do they needed to be connected for connection to work
do that connect to a pc
Could anyone recommend what cable to use to connect these speakers to RCA outputs on a guitar stomp box or keyboard?
Would these work well playing audio from a record player? I am looking for a small pair of speakers to use with the record player I have in my bedroom
Is this price for one or two speakers?
Will this mid fit into a 4 inch opening? Thanks
Can anyone tell me how large the opening has to be for this midrange? Thanks
do you get one or a set of dome speakers
Is it 1 speaker or 2 ?
how do i connect to my phone?
Will they work with a sound tech powered head 200 watt @ 4 ohms
would i need a power amp or could i hook this up to my board going out of my mains
CAN i USE A MIXER INSTEAD OF AN AMP?
Can I use a mixer?
Please help me!!! I bought this Pyle speaker and a cordless mic. What do I do or need to produce sound. I'm not a pro, just learning.
What it the warenty?
the pyle pro speakers weight of 24 lbs is for one or two speakers
canon rebel t3 ? would it work
Is it the receiver that breaks or the microphone?
If I buy 2 are you able to supply a green and a red channel unit?
Will it work with skype and other online meeting tools?
does it work on iPhone?
I have an Audio-Technica powered lavalier mic to use instead of your mic. Will this help with the audio problems people are complaining about?
Will this work with a Canon HD Camcorder?
Can I use it with the Ipad?
Can this just plug into a amplifier or receiver PA system in place ot the stationary microphone?
does it have an of/ on switch
Will these shake my dorm room?
How should I connect this to an iPhone? Is there imports on the back for an aux cord or do I need to buy something else like a amp or receiver?
does this have the regukar phono/stereo jacks as does the 300 watt
does it come with 2
Do I need a power amp for this?
I have a 8 ohm power amp can run 4 ohms says the manufacture my ? is can I run 4 speakers 2- 3 ways with 12 " woofers all 8 ohms if how do i do it? 2 of these and the 2 3ways with 12" woofers how should I wire them
Can I use the model Pyle PWMA1594UFM to pair with PYLE-PRO PADH1079
does this works with Pyle Portable PA System?........... Dec 21, 2014 by Mark
are these speakers self powered (come with a plug to go to a wall) ? if not what do i need to get to power them
Does it have rca
Will this work with the Pyle Pro PWMA230 Wireless PA System?
Does it work with the Pyle-Pro PWMA 200 amplifier?
I have a Harbinger APS12 12" Powered PA Speaker, will this microphone work with this speaker?
Why is there a consumer alert on this wireless microphone system, how exactly could it case interference, and what could it case interference with? What frequency does it use? Why does it say that it must operate at a low power level (not in excess of...
Mono or Stereo?
how to make it work from a laptop
Is the accessory pocket large enough to hold a shoulder rest?
Would it be a good case for an advanced but not professional violinist
Can the exterior pocket hold a 12" wide sheet music folder?
what is a TSA lock?
Can you please tell me if the case has feet (standard knobs or a rubber strip) to keep the base from touching any possible dirty or wet surface. Thx
What is the exact interior measurements of this case? My violin is a bit larger length wise and depth wise cause of my bridge
On the Protec web site there is a "Redesigned" tag over the case's description. Is the case being sold here the "Redesigned" case or an older/outdated version?
Exact measurements. Would it be acceptable on commercial plane flights?
Will this case accommodate a Bon Musica style rest?
Is the case water-resistance or water-proof?
How do I hook up the MXL 770 to my PC to get broadcast quality?
does it mount upright on a mic stand?
What cheap phantom power supply should you use for this mic?
How noticeable is the high-end (~5-20kHz) peak and how flat would this mic's response sound next to the V67G?
IS this mic good for recording upright acoustic bass? I have a project with a jazz trio doing quiet ballad orient jazz.
Can someone comment a link to a song you have on youtube or soundcloud that you recorded with this mic
Is this standard xlr?
Is it good for live
Mxl 770 vs Mxl 3000 ?
Im using an H4n zoom with an XLR cable, and Im not receiving a signal. I've turned on Phantom Power to 48v and Its on, still im not getting a signal.
Can anyone tell me the exact width betewen the vertical sides of this shelf?
What is the length?
Will it fit on the Tripp Lite SRW9U 9U Wall Mount Rack without any problems? And will it hold the CyberPower OR500LCDRM1U UPS correctly?
Come with screws?
Can this accomodate a standard Cisco rackmount switch? Or would it not have enough depth?
is this rack tray compatible with the StarTech.com 6U 12-Inch Deep Wall Mounting Bracket for Patch Panel, WALLMOUNT6
Are the 18:1 tuners exact drop-in replacements for the 14:1?
will they fit a Gibson SG Standard?
Will these fit on ESP LTD EC-10 ?
Will this work for the Epiphone Casino, an electric guitar?
I ordered and received these for my Alvaraz guitar, but they don't match the old bushings. What can I do?
Is the attachment screw hole directly below the tuner (like in the picture) or off-set to one side?
Can I use these tuners on y traveler speedster
Would they fit an Ibanez RG450?
Regular CDs can be played also? I'm not savvy on this stuff at all. Just want to listen to my CD's and tapes and have the karaoke for kiddos.
does it have a plug for a wirless headset system
how many WATTS OUTPUT does it have?
Will this be able to connect to 2 big separate speakers so it will sound very loud?
does the ac adapter come with it
Can I plug my PC into this karaoke system and play music?
what type of headset works best
If I am playing off of a numbered CD, am I able to push , let us say, #7 on the remote and #7 song will begin to play on the machine? tx dan
Does this product include standard jacks, and can the cassette deck record to the cd deck? Thanks!
does this unit have the capability of variable speeds both cd/dvd and tapes
Same question, I have it jacked into a Digitech GNX, Blue works red doesn
Same question, I have it jacked into a Digitech GNX, Blue works red doesn't. Whats the deal with this product.
Whenever I plug in the RED side to my amplifier, the sound is near dead quiet, why does this happen?
TB-4 has 3 screw holes on each side, the picture shown looks like SH-4. What am I really getting?
Do you have Seymour Ducan SHR-1 hot hails - White?
My doubt was about the description S/D. My guitar have floyd rose then I have to use TB.
Dear, How are you doing? What are the differenc between Seymou Ducan S/D TB-4 and Seymour Ducan TB-4?
Hi, my husband has a Gibson L7 Archtop acoustic guitar (1937) that I would like to purchase a pickup for. Is this suitable or ideal. He's tried a few
Hi, can i make a split coil setup on my les paul with this set of humbuckers?
Hello, does this set come with the pots for volume and tone?
Are the switches for coil split and phase included in the kit? If no, can you recommend a source from which to purchase?
Do these come with gold covers?
hi would this fit in a fender blacktop telecaster? whats the difference between this seymour duncan hot rod pickups and hot vintage alnico pickups?
Are these active or passive pickups?
Do you have this set (SH-2 and SH-4) in Nickel Cover without purchasing the cover?
will these fit a fat strat H H
will these pups fit in a ESp ltd ec-256?
Hello, I am deciding between this auto harp and the OS150FCE Acoustic Electric Auto Harp. Does this one have the FT600 Fine Tuning?
when electric is the harp also acoustic.will it come with EQ and fine tuning
How much does it weigh?
The title says this model has an electronic pick-up but the description doesn't. Which is it? Thanks.
Hello, i've had this harps before and i've never seen it in this size 41x16. Can you confirm the correct size or is it a mistake?
What is the lowest height it? Could it go as high as a piano?
Does the keyboard/digital piano just sit on top of the stand? If so, won't it be unstable? I was assuming I would be able to attach it.
Is anyone using a Roland D-50 with this stand? Does it hold the weight good? No wobbling?
Could someone please tell me what these dimensions mean: 39 x 3 x 5 inches? Thanks!
Does this stand support a yamaha-p105b digital 88 key piano?
Am I supposed to put the keyboard keys facing the front side or back side? The front side is the one with the adjustable spring knob right?
At its' lowest height settings how far apart are the upper supports?
can the stand support a casio wk 6600?
Can this stand be used for a 6 year old with a kids keyboard?
could you tell me the measurements of the length of the bottom bars? i can't find that anywhere
will this strap fit on a bass ?
does this come with a string for guitars without a button?
Would you ship outside the US?
What are the ends made of? Is it leather or a faux leather material?
Is there a pick holder?
how short can you adjust this down to? I want to use it for a ukulele and I need something in the 35 inch range.
To block noise from entering my room, which side of the door do I put this on?
Can you put this over a vent to reduce noise transferring from one room to another?
I live in a building and use a sewing machine at night sometimes. Can this help me block the noise if I place it under the machine?
Need material to cover an inside alarm speaker that is too loud.
does Parts Express combine shipping on this product?
Would this material deaden the hum of an electric in-line vent fan used in a radon mitigation system applied directly on fan unit outside ?
How many pieces come to an order?
Is this "open cell" foam?
Can these be put on a ceiling and how do they adhere to the surface? Can they be removed once put on?
Do you think this would be good material to put in a computer?
i want to put it underneath the sub-woofer to damp it's horrible vibrations to the floor, will it work?
Is the foam stiff or soft? If I put it on the floor with a board on top of it, do you think it would support a sub (30-60 lbs) w/out compressing?
I need to cover an intercom speaker that is too loud in a small office. Can this be placed on the speaker to quiet the sound?
Is this material flexible or intended to be used only on flat surfaces?
Can this be painted to match the wall without compromising its performance?
Is it easy enough to remove after putting the foam on, without leaving any sticky residue behind? How sticky is the adhesive?
How soon can this ship to Hillsboro, Oregon? or Modesto, Calinfornia? Thanks!
What are the exact dimensions? 18 x 24 x ??
Can you cut the foam to fit smaller spaces?
Does the Foam smell? I plan on using this on a Bedroom Window.
Will one end of this adapter go into the end of a monopod and the other end go into a blue yeti?
Does anyone know if this will work for mounting the small satellite speakers of the HK LUCAS NANO 300 PA onto standard US mic stands?
Help: It fits my sidemount boom so tightly that I cannot get it off the boom. What should I do?
Will this work with the pivoting mount included with the Audio Technica AT2020?
My son got an sE x1 microphone setup,but because this is a studio mic it doesnt fit a "standard" mic stand. Would this be correct adaptor?
I think this would work but i wanted to be sure. Would this connect the Audio-Technica AT2020 USB Mic to the On Stage MS7701 Tripod Boom Microphone Stand?
Just received an e935 Senheiser mic that came with the smaller threaded clip. Is this metric or will this adapter of 3/8 to 5/8 work work as well?
Can I use this to attach the apogee MiC to the end of the onstage ms7701 boom stand?
Did anyone try this with presonus M7 microphone ? Does it fit okay?
can this work through iphone?
use as computer mic? Is it possible to use the Olympus ME-15 Microphone as a computer mic for my PC?
What power does it use?
could this be used with a pa system to plug into a transmitter?
I cannot get stereo sound (just mono) when I use this mic with this extension cable (also I am plugging these in a Canon 700D: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001...
Does it works with vn-7200 Olympus digital voice recorder
This may sound stupid but is this a mic that is supported by plug in power? In other words should I set the power function to on for this mic?
hello I need to know if this microphone is compatible with SLR camera nikon d800
Does Olympus make a similar mic but with a much longer cord?
I'm trying to get this mic to work with a Canon Vixia HF R500 but it isn't picking up anything when I talk. Advice?
Is it compatible with a Canon XF100?
What actually comes in the box with this thing? every picture shows a different accessory. Does it come with the shoe mount? or just the screw on?
How do I attach headphones to these?
I have a Shure X2u to connect this mic to the computer, it's terrible. What's a $200-400 interface that won't suck?
Does the NTG2 come with an XLR cable, or will I have to buy one separately?
I want to film out side, but is windy were I am at. Will this block wind, and have good sound quality? What is sound distance the mic can pick up?
Does a camera need an XLR mic input, for this mic's Phantom power to work? or can XLR adapter be used, if the camera only has an RCA mic input?
Is this compatible with a Canon Rebel t3?
What is a good cheap way to connect this mic directly to a computer (Win7)? Need to know cables, pre-amps, etc.
I have a Canon Rebel t3i, could I buy an adapter and be able to use this with it?
are these a pair
If I forgot my strap, can I used a standard strap in a pinch with the Schaller straplocks installed, or am I out of luck?
How well do these fit on rubber ended straps? I have a Souldier strap and the strap ends are thicker than most leather straps.
did anyone install these on a acoustic? if so what was your experience with it.
Schaller 14010101 Security Straplocks, Nickel : Gold available ?
Can anyone tell me the size of the included screws? Thanks
it fit wells in a gibson les paul traditional 2014?
drill
Can you unscrew the boom arm and use the base as a normal vertical microphone stand? Does the vertical part end in a standard 5/8" thread?
will the stand work with a blue yeti?
Would this be too heavy to use as a boom mic stand for a movie?
Is is strong/heavy enough to hold up a 5 pound condeser mic without tipping over?
I just received this stand today and the center clutch does not hold the height adjustable stand in place. Is the clutch broken?
Will the Shure A25D Mic Holder work with this stand?
Do I need to buy a microphone mount for this? Will any fit on there?
does it work with blue snowball mic
What color is the stand and boom attachment
does it work with condenser mic
What is the difference between this and the Behringer MS16 Active Personal Monitor System listing for $59.99?
can the wire from the main speaker to the second speaker be extended?
will these speakers do a good job on my dell computer i play cds and other music
Is this sold as a pair?
Can these be used for monitors for a dj
can i mix music on these
Do you include connecting cable?
can i use with turntable
how would you connect these to a turntable?
How does it plug into computer 3.5mm jack?
what is the projecting distance on this item ?
I thought it came with a stand, in the picture there is a stand. Did you get a stand with your spotlight?
does it plug into a standard 110W outlet?
What do I use to connect the spotlight to the stand, exactly so I can click and order it. My show is this friday!
Does it change colors?
What replacement bulb do I use? How long does one bulb last?
can I use a custom gobo, is there a gobo holder included
Does this light including the tripod?
What are the lumans at 60 feet? Can color gels be added?
does it come with a stand?
I'm a singing, gigging drummer and tired of headset mics. Would this be a good choice to place behind me and add a gooseneck and SM58 mic?
Would the stand be ALL that I need to mount my Shotgun Mic, or will I need a Boom Pole as well?
will this work with the shure sm7b?
I know nothing about guitars, and want to get this as a gift. If i were to purchase this, what all comes with it,&amp; do I need to buy anything else 4 it
Can you daisy chain these?
Will this work on a bass guitar/bass amp? I'm just playing for fun, I want to do Metallica's Pulling Teeth Anasthesia. Thanks.
what would cause a annoying hum when pedal is on
suggestions for classic metal sound? (black sabbath, ac/dc, etc.)
If I buy this, would I have to buy anything else for it to function?
Does this create a "fuzz" sound?
Can the same foam microphone covers used on the Shure SM58 be used on the Shure Beta 58A?
How many additional microphones can be connected? I mean is it possible to use PGXD2 x2, with PGXD3 x2 together?
are they make in china?
What is the difference between the sizes H6, L5, and J6 when ordering? Which one should I get?
Can the same foam microphone covers used on the Shure SM58 be used on the Shure Beta 58A?
How many additional microphones can be connected? I mean is it possible to use PGXD2 x2, with PGXD3 x2 together?
are they make in china?
What is the difference between the sizes H6, L5, and J6 when ordering? Which one should I get?
We own a Cobra 75 HXT and need to replace the cord from he microphone to the underdash unit. Will this do?
hello. I have an antenna cobraCBRHGA1500 and radius midland 1001z 40ch. the antenna cable when I'm short installation. this would serve me for exte
I have the Cobra 19DXIV, will this work with this unit?
How long are these Strings? Are these Strings long enough to fit a 30"-scale Fender/Squier Bass VI?
Would there be a problem to purchase these and use them on a solid body non baritone guitar for a heavier sound?
I play a classical baritone guitar, and it is supposed to use nylon strings. Do you have this kind of strings?
I've ordered a 27" scale neck-thru baritone guitar with a Floyd. I'll tune to B or lower. Should I go with these? My concern is the locking nut and floyd accepting the thicker strings. I don't want to have to modify the nut or bridge to be able to fit...
What guitars will this strap work on? Would like to order the guitar for dummies but it doesn't come with a strap
I want to purchase this for my 6 year old son...I don't know much about guitar straps, he has a 30" acou. guitar...would this be suitable for a child?
I'm a beginner leftie and can't figure out how to attach this thing, are there directions anywhere?
is this for small kids?
This guitar strap will work with a fret strap that you attach above the nut of the acoustic guitar, correct?
The guitar I have has a button on the body, but not on the end of the fret board. Do I need something like this? Fretfunk&reg; Acoustic Guitar Strap Butt
Do you need a strap button to fix it to the guitar? or is this strap ready to attach?
I'm 6'4" -- will this strap be ok for a taller person? Yamaha copy of Fender electric. Two buttons.
does this strap fit acoustic guitars
Will it be a good fit on an eastwood electric Mandolin?
does it have a ground "lift" option, switchable?
Is it possible to use two sets of outputs - as in run the XLR outputs to the house PA and run the line outs to a keyboard amp so band can monitor?
Can this work as a converter also or do you have to use the same cable types for the input and the output? ex: use TRS 1/4" input to XLR output
I have an unbalanced rca from a mixer that needs to convert a balanced XLR to active speakers, will this work?
Will the DTI work to get rid of a minimal motor hum from a turntable?
can this be used between a turntable and a phono preamp/stage via the rca jacks?
Is this suitable for using with instrument level signals such as from guitars and basses?
Is it possible to use this with unbalanced RCA - IN , and unbalanced RCA - OUT, without conversion?
Would this work for any application that requires phantom power?
Will it fit a Danelectro 12 string?
Will this case fit a Fender Modern Player Marauder?
Will this case fit a PRS SE 245?
Will this case fit a Tele ?
Will this case fit a Fender Jazzmaster?
Does it fit 15".5 up to full size?
Does it fit a 15" viola?
dose it fit 14" viola?
Can it fit a 14" giola?
Is this a full size model?eg will it fit 16-16 1/2 inch viola?
Will this shoulder rest fit in my son 12 inch viola?
Has anyone tried to get this to fit a 13" child/youth viola? Thank you.
will this fit a 15" viola?
Would you send it to New Zealand? If so, what is the International shipping fee? Thanks
Would you send it to New Zealand? If so, what is the International shipping fee? Thanks
What size viola does this serve? Customer review shares a 12" but online google search says 15-17" For the K600
The maximum height is stated as 48". Is that from the lip to the bottom? Or from the very top to the bottom?
Is there some way that this model isn't just as good as the K&amp;M 10810 music stand? Aside from the 10810 being heavier and taller, they seem the same.
What are its demensions when folded up?
Will this stand hold a music book?
When unfolded, what is the minimum height from floor to ledge where music would sit?
Does the stand come with a carrying bag?
How much does this stand weigh?
Can it hold an iPad?
is this a one or two piece music stand?
Does the Chromatic C tuner have a fob that can be attached to something?
is there a on/off button?
what is the difference in a "C" versus "F". I need it pitched for a female voice.
Does it come with batteries?
Is it tuned to A 440?
Is this tuned in A 440?
how about for children under age 10?
Does it come with any cable to be connected to a normal PC/MAC or do I have to buy it separately?
does this work with windows
what kind of stand does it use and how do you connect the microphone to it?
Would this be a good mic to use to record rapping/singing ?
it dose work on PC? and how?
is it a male or female microphone
does this product have screws to it?
Exactly what do I need in order to connect this to my mac and record with Garage Band?
does this come with a usb cord and a stand
Clear?
Hercules GSP38WB Auto Grab Wood Wall Mount: Will this hold an acustic guitar?
What a great hanger! Only thing is it was in storage and no longer have the original screw and anchor system. Do you guys know the screw size?
What is the advantage of this model versus the Hercules GSP39WB (no wooden base)? I want to hang an electric guitar on my drywall.
Will this work to hang a Tenor Uke and a U-Bass?
Exactly how many inches from the wall does the guitar sit when mounted? The specs say it's 4.1" long but it seems alot more than that.
will this hold smaller instruments (mandolin, banjo, violin) ?
The hanger holds one end of the guitar. What keeps the other end from banging against the wall?
Include Wall Anchors for Dry Wall? If not, what size would I need?
Where are these manufactured?
How do you get it to stop swinging from side to side (as in the hanger is able to move easily from the base)?
How long is the cord?
will this hold a 16" mirror ball? it weighs @ 7 lbs. thanks!
That circuit uses this engine? 110 volts or 220 volts
Is it really 5 lbs?
Is there a hook or something on the other side of the motor to hang from a ceiling?
how long is the power cable?
Does this motor reverse automaticly
is a 12 inch ball really the max? i have a 16 inch. what is the suggested weight limit?
Does it fit into ceiling light fixture and then does not need to use a cord?
Is this Ingles Stand suitable for a Tenor Ukulele ? I like the reports on how sturdy this one is compared to other stands made especially for Ukes.
Do the legs lock open so when you pick up the stand they don't collapse?
What are the overall dimensions of the stand when folded up?
I'm looking for a violin stand for a 14" long child's violin so very, very small. I'd like to display it on a shelf. Would this stand work for that?
can a cello fit in there to
This says violin and stand. Does the violin come with it as well??? I only see reviews on the stand.
Snowball
Is this strong enough to hold a Blue Snowball along with a pop filter?
Will it fit a CAD Audio U37 usb mic?
Can I mount it on a desk to record videos?
I only want answer from seller. Does this item say "on-stage stands" in white on the KNOB?(not on the elbow) but on the KNOB located on the elbow)
Hi, There are different versions of the MSA9505(newer one has a bigger knob), i want the older one(which is in your photo) is that the one UR selling?
Can I use this with the table clamp to have the mic on my desk like an alternative boom arm? http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0010CYHW4/r...
Will this hanger hold a 1/2 size violin properly?
we have earthquaes where i live, would this still hold it during the esrthquake?
I have a 27" viola...I noticed in the description it said it could hold up to 17" violas. Is it strong enough to hold my 27"? Thank you!
Would this hold a 1/16 size violin? Love the idea but want the violin safe.
My kids (6 and 7) are just starting to learn to play the violin. They have a 1/8 and a 1/4. Will this work for instruments that small?
If I purchase more than one at the same time, can you guarantee that they will all be the same wood/color? Don't care what color wood.
My husband has a cello, would this hanger hang cello safely?
Do you have a violin hanger that will accommodate a 1/8 size violin, and growing up to a full size eventually?
will this also hold a cello?
Which type of wood will these be if I order multiple units? Stringswing makes these out of different types of wood (oak, walnut, maple &amp; cherry).
it shows 2 mics do you get 2 for that price?
The picture shows the MXL603 but the description says its a MXL603S. Which is it?
Does this set come with the shock mounts and aluminum flight case?
Is this for a single microphone or a pair? The item number suggests that it is a pair (MXL603Pair).
can I put i-Lok licenses on this device or do I need an i-Lok device...
I have old Cubase 3.6. I have the physical "key", but there are no longer '90's Printer Ports...Will Steinberg Key License Control Device work for me?
Will the Key Licenser work with Cubase SL 2.0? I lost my original USB key.
Am a newbie....so,... this must be in it's port when I enter my cubase activation code? It's the connecting link?
can I use this with i-Lok licenses as well as e-license....thanks
who already used this product I need help please
Does this product work well with protools 10?
Does this one work with Cubase 7?
The battle of the amp head cases! SKB Guitar/Bass Amp Head Case VS. Gator Tour Series G-TOUR HEAD Tour Style Guitar Amp Head Case. Any thoughts?
is it ATA compatible ? flying a amp head to europe in checked baggage
can you ship UPS with this case ?
Will it fit an SLO-100 Soldano?
this case fit for marshall jcm900 mkIII ....?
Since it looks like the case is sandwiched closed against the amp I wonder if stress is placed on the amp head itself?
I have order two other lap harp tuning tools and neither of them are the right size. Will this one work for the Small World Toys lap harp?
What's the exact size of the peg please?
I have a Dusty Strings Celtic Harp, medium sized (I sit and play). The tuning pegs are square. If I buy this item, will it fit around the pegs?
will this work on an Oscar Schmidt autoharp, please?
what is the mm size of this tool ?
Can this be used in a 12v car audio situation?
how/can i use this in a mono setup with my Harbinger PA system?
Does it comes with cables? Can you use 2 different effects at the same time?
Has anyone used this as a vst and how succesful were you
What's the best way to connect the MX200 to a Boss BR1200CD digital recorder?
can you plug a mic in and then go to the board?
Can you plug a mic into it directly and then go to the board?
Does it work with 230V power supply?
are the 1/4" inputs/outputs balanced?
Anybody use this with a Tascam DP? If so, how is it for vocals using phantom power?
What does "unbalanced line level inputs" mean?
What is the power source?
Is this stereo on all channels?
I know zip about electronics. So curious: would this have enough guts to power a 3" speaker and act as a portable guitar amp? : )
How long does a fresh battery last? Anyone tested to see time until drain?
The description didn't mention batteries, but someone mentioned it works with batteries. Can anyone provide details? tyty
do you have power adapter with this
I have a mic that I need to run through, it's xlr to ts would that work on this mixer?
I have a mic that I need to run through, it's xlr to ts would that work on this mixer?
I have 3 instruments mono and a mono amp, would this work ?
does this come with a 9 volt battery
does this come with an adapter
I want to mic a room, cheaply: I'm thinking 8 lapel mics, all run through this mixer. Will that work with this mixer? If not, what do I need?
Can you run 8 things into this amp if you do not use it mono? Can you run 8 things through it if you run it mono?
I'm guessing that the output is line only?
im looking for a good beginner bass would this be a good one?
Is the bass LIGHT Natural finish (NOT mahogany). I will only buy this if it has a natural LIGHT finish (ash; birch; maple).
Can it be used with the PS3 learn to play video game? It needs a quarter inch cable to plug in.
Is it a precision bass?
does the guitar come with a standard warranty?
does it come with a case or gig bag?
Does it come with a strap?
dose it come with extra strings and a cable ?
IS there a certain style it's goof for?
Purchased this bass guitar 10/2/14.On 11/19/14 one of the screws which holds machine head in place sheared off.Guitar can't be tuned. What do we do?
Is this baton 12 or 14 inches?
Does this come with a case?
Is the shaft wood, or carbon fiber?
how to determine baton length?
Does it comes with a case?
I have the following drums that I would like to use this bag set with - will they fit? 12 x 11 , 16 x 15, 22x21, 14 x 13, and 10x 10.
Hi there i was interested in purchasing these drums bags will they fit a 12,13,14,16 toms, snare and 22 inch bass drum?
would this fit a 22x20 bass
Will the 22" bag fit a 22x18 bass drum? You say 14 loose but I don't know if that's 18 inches loose.
what are the sizes of these drum bags?
What sizes are the 5 drum bags?
What are the bag sizes?
What are the sizes to these bags? I have a 22"bd, 16"ft, 12&amp;13" rt 14"sd. Will these bags fit them ?
Can a floor tom fit in the 14" case?
How many strings come in this package?
What are the best Martin strings for a beginning player
Which Martin string will give a warmer more mellow tone? The light mediums or mediums?
All 6 Gauge Sizes? Cann anyone out there please list all six?
I am very sensitive to high pitches and tones. I'm looking for warm low mellow strings. Which set of strings (type and gauge) do you recommend?
I've just purchased a Martin 00-15M (folk size all mahogany tone woods). What would be the ideal gauge string for it?
What is the best sounding guitar string for my Martin and my Ibanez and not so hard on the fingers
how is this plastic set compared to metal harmonica
should piedmont blues blow hard?
Worldwide shipping?
what keys are the harmonicas?
Does this set of 7 harmonicas, each having a different key, include a harmonica in the key of B?
Are these harps the standard diatonic or something else?
made in where?
Is this set made in China or made in Germany?
Does this case have a handle
where are they made ?
I have a turntable with the Audio Techics AT3600L Cartridge. My amplifier is 200watts with 300 mv sensitivity. Why is there very little volume?
Is it secured in place by two screws from the top?
will it fit a dual 502 model?
Replacing needle on old Pioneer turntable. Present needle is a model ADC 250 XE. Will this fit?
does this include a needle
Does it have open or closed tuners
I have difficulty registering the OU5 by internet as I am from Singapore and therefore unable to provide a zip code. How am I to register then? Thanks
Does it really have a lifetime guaranty
Soprano? Alto? I want an alto
Does it come with a carrying case of any kind?
If the neck warps is that covered in the life time guarantee? It is humid where I live
The description indicates that the ukulele has a lifetime warranty. Can this be confirmed?
I got one and the c-string tuner slips several times then goes up, as if it is partially stripped. Same problem anyone else?
What is special with this instrment. Compared with others
Do you ship to France ?
How do you assemble the bridge?
Is there a hard case for this banjo
is this a closed body or open/
Is this made also made in a left-handed model?
Does this include the bridge or not?
Is the resonator removable?
what is the difference between the 24 and 30 brackets, besides how many brackets. Better sound?
Does it come with a case
Would this be a suitable beginner guitar for an adult man? Is it made in the USA?
What's the size of the head for the banjo? Is it a flat-head or arch-head? Can I replace it with any type of head? Where can I purchase the same head?
Is this what I need to plug an older turntable into a new receiver/amp that does not have a phono jack? When I plug in AUX, there is no sound.
can I use this product to go from turntable direct to tv
Can I plug headphones/computer speakers into this &amp; listen to my record player without needing a receiver? I don't mind converting RCA to stereo jack.
can i hook up to speakers
does this unit have an on/off stwich?
sono hookup?
Is there an on off button and if so where is it?
Will this assist in the low signal trouble I am having recording to a Tape by Reloop? I'm on two Technics, DJM900nxs mixer, ortafon wlb needles.
Will this assist in the low signal trouble I am having recording to a Tape by Reloop? I'm on two Technics, DJM900nxs mixer, ortafon wlb needles.
Will this assist in the low signal trouble I am having recording to a Tape by Reloop? I'm on two Technics, DJM900nxs mixer, ortafon wlb needles.
I have no experience with recording equipment--what do I need to (part and example, please) make this work with a laptop? Thanks!
Is this a USB condenser microphone?
Is there a stand included in this package?
USB? Hey is this a USB microphone?
This may be a silly question, but you can mount this directly using drywall anchors, right?
What is the distance between the two foam support pieces? I wonder if they're sufficiently far apart to fit a classical guitar...
How do you puch it in? How is that done?
Is this a glass washboard?
What are the measurements?
Is it large enough for adult music?
Will this metronome play 6/4 time tripletized in 18/8 time?
Is it LOUD??? I can't hear my metronome once I start playing!
Is the DB-90 possible for me to use via small earphone jack? is 9 volt rechargable battery available for this. if yes could you let me know the model?
What kind of batteries does this use?
What is the beats per minute range? Does it go down to 30?
Does it come with AC adapter? Or do I need to buy PSA-120S separately? Thanks!
Does this metronome have a function to start playing at one speed and have it gradually increase to another tempo?
What is the quickest beat setting?
whether it is suitable to work with 220V electric power? and what kind of adapter should I choose?
How does it compare to the Orange Micro Crush?
is it powerful enough for busking? (playing in the street around loud noise...)
how does this work with harmonicas?
can you use it to plug in a microphone
does this amp have a headphone jack?
Would this work with a bass guitar
Ok, for real this time, who has bought a 9V power adapter for this thing that actually works? I'm having trouble finding one.
is this for acoustic guitar?
Will this work with an electric/ acoustic ukulele?
what is the string size spacing at the bridge
I purchased the guitar a month ago. Which strings should I purchase to replace?
Does it has a satin finish at the back and sides? With what case it comes?
How would I lower the action on my Taylor without changing the sound of the guitar And if so how would i go about getting it done?
Does this guitar have an onboard tuner?
How is the neck? Thin with easy playability or a baseball bat?
What is the difference between this model of U $ 1,699 and the other for U.S. $ 1,529. The other model is this: "http://www.amazon.com/Taylor-314ce-Gr
What is the model of the case?
what is the guitar made of
Hi, just wondering what the dimensions and weight of the package, including hardcase are? Thanks.
Does this come with a power adapter?
I turned up the volume and plugged it into my bass, but the power light won't turn on and it isn't responsive at all. Any suggestions?
Can this be used to plug in microphone with 1/4 inch plug?
can this be used for an electric bass guitar?
does it works also for a bass guitar?
When I play it the louder (mostly sharp) notes make the amp does not play them, like it stops sounding for those notes. Is it broken or what? TY
i play the acoustic guitar and sing, but i need something to make my vocals a little lounder, would this work
will this work for an electric bass
Is this better than the DJ-16 Bacon &amp; Eggs Mini Amps? I'm trying to decide which one to purchase.
I'm totally new at using an amp. What kind of cord do I need for an electric baritone ukelele?
Does this come with a power adapter?
I turned up the volume and plugged it into my bass, but the power light won't turn on and it isn't responsive at all. Any suggestions?
Can this be used to plug in microphone with 1/4 inch plug?
can this be used for an electric bass guitar?
does it works also for a bass guitar?
When I play it the louder (mostly sharp) notes make the amp does not play them, like it stops sounding for those notes. Is it broken or what? TY
i play the acoustic guitar and sing, but i need something to make my vocals a little lounder, would this work
will this work for an electric bass
Is this better than the DJ-16 Bacon &amp; Eggs Mini Amps? I'm trying to decide which one to purchase.
I'm totally new at using an amp. What kind of cord do I need for an electric baritone ukelele?
What kind of warranty is on this item?
Just received this yesterday for rehearsals, and noticed that the adjustment wench has no effect on the sound. Could it be broken?
Will this get damaged during shipping? It seems kind of fragile when it comes to being dropped and thrown by shippers because it is a hollow drum.
what kind of sounds comes out of this? My son wanted a drum set but he doesn't know how to play drums and I thought this would be a good alternative.
is this a string cajon
How is this cajon jamming outdoors?
How many chambers exist in this cajone?
Is this similar to the make your own one?
How much assembly is required?
What are the dimensions of this cajon?
Does this come with a power adapter?
I turned up the volume and plugged it into my bass, but the power light won't turn on and it isn't responsive at all. Any suggestions?
Can this be used to plug in microphone with 1/4 inch plug?
can this be used for an electric bass guitar?
does it works also for a bass guitar?
When I play it the louder (mostly sharp) notes make the amp does not play them, like it stops sounding for those notes. Is it broken or what? TY
i play the acoustic guitar and sing, but i need something to make my vocals a little lounder, would this work
will this work for an electric bass
Is this better than the DJ-16 Bacon &amp; Eggs Mini Amps? I'm trying to decide which one to purchase.
I'm totally new at using an amp. What kind of cord do I need for an electric baritone ukelele?
is this the ART USB 2.0 Phono Plus Project Series (which is the current model)??
Can this be used as an improved DAC over laptop's to send music to my receiver from my hard drive.
Recently SoundSaver Express app started to hang with the (Not Responding) window pop up. Removed/reinstalled and same thing happened. Any advice?
Does the volume control also function for the pre-amp (RCA) output?
Using an iMac (OS X 10.10.2), is there control of the input gain to prevent clipping for phono, line-in and digital line in?
Tried to install the Soundsaver Express and asked me for a serial number..from where I can get that?
what cord do use to go from phono plus to computer
I have connected the RCA cables and the ground to the preamp. Do I need to ground the preamp to something as well.
I have a laptop with a built-in sound card and its recording capabilities are poor. Must I also purchase a separate sound card for the PC to get all the benefits of the ART US Phono Plus?
power
Does this work with a 36 string autoharp?
does this work with a bass
Compatible with chromatic C harmonica?
Will it extend to the range of a piano?
korg ca30 for 21 strings "guzheng" instrument: DOES ANYONE KNOW IF THIS WORKS FOR GUZHENG WHICH HAS 21 STRINGS.
How is the metronome function?
Where is the bugle made? Is the bugle capable of playing the four open notes (mid-range G, C, E, and high range G) required in most bugle calls?
Can I buy a replacement slide portion of tubing for my Regemental Bugle? I have dented mine.
does this come with the mouthpiece?
Does the WI-800BG bugle come with a soft or hard case? Is the mouth piece a 7C?
I want to buy a bugle Regiment-800 -BG for $68.95 I can not get a shipping address thar the site will accept do you ship to Canada?
oops I meant to ask does it come with shoulder rest and chin rest?
does this violin come with shoulder strap and chin rest?
Strings are loosening within hours after tuning, what can be done?
Does the violin come set up?
Hi, Does it come with a shoulder strap? TIA!
Can I record four simultaneous discreet tracks on ProTools, Garage Band or Logic Pro, etc. using this?
Just plugged this in via the USB connection and ALL the lights on the unit lit up. No adjustment of knobs/buttons made a difference. Is this normal?
I have some questions before I purchase this item. - URGENTLY!! Is anybody know if I can connect a microphone and a guitar at the same time?
Is this compatible with a windows 7 AspireOne mini labtop.?
can this work with win 8
Does the MBox come with the install &amp; software discs?
The picture is of an mbox 2 pro, but the description isn't. The pro has firewire. Which is this?
Can it be used with window 8 laptop?
The product description is vague: Does the Mbox come with the Pro Tools Software?
Could anyone be more specific about the sound system needed for these to work? I want my daughter to be able to sing in them Christmas morning.
I am technologically deficit! I bought these microphones for my kids to play with...what else do I need for them to be able to use them?
Currently we used an old fashioned hand held mike that we plug directly into an amplifier. What cable do I need to make this set work?
I want to use these for a small Christmas program. Do I have to have some kind of amplifier to go with this or is everything I need right here??????
&iquest; I can be used with a home theater?
If I replace the AA batteries inside with say, some Sanyo Eneloop ones, will the charging base still charge them?
Is this microphone system rack mountable? looking to add it to my rack for DJ/MC small events/parties...
Does the product come with the XLR cables?
Do the microphones use Rechargeable AA batteries?
What is the working range of these Mics?
what size is this speaker? is this one aprox 32 inch tall?
Does this unit have a noisy fan? How do I tell whether it's heat-sunk or fan cooled? (I hear heat-sunk is way quieter) thnx
Can anyone tell me the noise floor of this unit (my Line6 L3m is 27db, and that's way too loud for my home studio)? thanks!
can I plug in an iPod or mp3 to the QSC K12?
Can i use a pair of this speakers for a live show of 300 people ?
does this speaker coming with xlr cable to plug to mixer?
If the microphone is plugged in directly to this K12 and used for singing (karaoke...), is there an 'echo' feature for the mic ?
I picked up a pair from Sweetwater. Are these speakers suppose to be noisy? I'm getting lots of hiss.
Anybody tried out the Presonus 328, 315, 312, or 18s? I love my QSC Ksub, K12's but.. I need more speakers and I'm thinking about getting rid of my Kseries and going Presonus (Dante, wireless, integrate with my Presonus Rm32AI mixer).. just wondering...
I have a pair of 12" subs in a box that came from my truck. Am I able to use them with these speakers?
will it work with a Casio CTK4200 61 KeyBoard
Is this a good fit for an 88 key Williams Allegro keyboard? Width is 45 inches and the weight is 38 pounds.
Are the top rubber stops adjustable? My dig. piano is narrow (depth), and I don't want it sitting on the metal in-between the top rubber stops.
How well does this work with Yamaha YPG 235? Looking for something sturdy for 7 year old; will be in a high traffic area.
How stable is this on carpet? I have a single-x stand that wobbles a little on carpet. Is this more stable?
On the lowest height setting, will it hold a 49-key piano (32" across)?
will this work for yamaha psre 343 keyboard?
Is this stand works for Casio electronic piano?
Is the stand light? Or reasonably weighted.
How portable is this?
how to set it up?
How does the stand secure to the keyboard?
My stand is missing the screws. Anyone know correct size of screws?
Is this stand suitable for a 76-key keyboard?
How wide is the base of this stand that sits on the floor?
How does it fit with the yamaha p85?
What is the little bent wrench for? I see it fits the nut in the middle of the X. Is this how I lock the X in place? If so, how? I figured it out. The X was put together backwards. I took it apart with the wrench. Now I can lock it. Just had to look at...
what is the distance between the cross bars when it's at its lowest setting?
we are having a hard time with fitting the stand in the keyboard groves even with the locking mechanism working. how do we get it to match?
Does it fold flat?
what are the three heights for this bench? I'm still not sure.
Folds up easily after each use?
Does this bench have a CA Prop 65 warning?
Hi. Is the seat made of leather or plastic pls? (I try and avoid animal products :-) Ta!
How much does it weigh- is it easily transportable?
easy to assemble?
Is this short enough for an 8 year old?
how much weight can it take?
What is the maximum weight the bench can hold safely?
When I play open "G" my 2 chromatictoners tell me it is an "E" (2 notes lower). Could this be a fault with the instrument? It sounds good to me.
Is it wood or plastic?
My daughter just bought me a Histonic clarinet for Christmas. I used to play the clarinet many years ago and was looking forward to starting up again. However I am having terrible problems with squeaking sounds. Is there anywhere that I can bring in...
Is this a hard case that is included?
is it a b flat clarinet
Where do I find parts for this instrument should I need them?
is it black
My son has a Yamaha mouthpiece, Bb Sib, is this standard and can be used with this clarinet?
Is it easy to blow through it and make it sound or is it like Mendini clarinet that it is very difficult to make it sound?
does this product come with reeds?
How long is the cable?
Does this mic works with only specific types of cameras or can be used generally? I'm regrettably ignorant about this type of stuff.
What is the diameter of the microphone? Would it fit the Rode PG2 pistol grip (19-20mm or 21-22.5mm diameter)?
Does this work with gopro hero 4?
Is the AT875r the same as the AT875 ?
Can a Tascam DR-07MkII provide phantom power even though it must output through a 3.5 mm cable which then adapts to XLR?
Does this fit Nokia D7000?
What kind of windscreen does the does it come with? A foam one or a furry one?
Will this block out the autofocus noise from camera?
If I were to record an interview with three people in there and I want the mic off the shot, will it do the job? Or maybe getting two of them?
Does it have a USB plug for connecting to a PC or just a stereo receiver plug? Amazon should have shown additional pictures of it.
Does this work smartphones? Such as the iPhone 4, 4S, 5, 5S?
does anyone know how this does on Audio Technica ATR288W SYSTEM
Was it supposed to come with a transmitter/receiver pack or something? I just received mine and it's only the mic.
how does this work? how does it connect to the camera?
Will this Azden 503 work with a GoPro hero 4 black edition?
does this work with the tascam dr05? and how is the audio?
would this mice quality be better than a built in mic on the canon elura 100? I want to use this for youtube videos indoors and a tiny bit outdoors.
Can this be used with a Hisonic PA system? frequency VHF 180-260MHz
Is there a way to use more than one mic at a time? 3 to 4 even? Are there any splitters?
does it fit 12 string guitar like the guild
What are the dimensions
Would this bag fit a acoustic bass
Would this bag fit a acoustic bass
would this bag fit a yamaha fg 700s?
does it have the backpack thing?
I have a Gibson Jumbo.....has anyone tried a Jumbo in this bag? How did it fit? If not, any opinions on if a Jumbo will fit?
is this fit for air travel? im leaving to korea soon and i want to take my guitar with me
does it hold an acoustic/electric bass guitar?
I bought a Seagull S6 Original Acoustic Guitar, Product Dimensions 8 x 24 x 36 inches ; 8 pounds. I want to know does this bag fit with my guitar?
How long is the bag, I need one that is 42 inchs at min.
Will the First Act Discovery Acoustic Guitar - Sunburst fit in this bag? And is it well padded?
Does anyone have the contact info for the manufacturer's "5 year warranty"? My son lost the card and the zipper broke after just a couple of months.
inside dimensions
World Tour Deluxe Electric Guitar Gig Bag, what are the dimensions?
Will this bag fit an Ibanez Acoustic/Electric Bass Guitar, want to buy it for my husband but don't want to ask him about it. Thanks!
Will an Epiphone Thunderbird IV bass fit in this bag? The bass is just about 49 inches long and about 14 inches wide.
Will it fit a fender squire jazz bass?
I need to know if this is at least 47 inches long and the lower part is at least 17 inches
What are the INSIDE dimensions if this case?
Hi. Will this fit a Squier Jaguar bass?
Will this case fit the dean acoustic electric cutaway bass?
Been using a hard case because my tuning knobs would get bumped in a soft case. Will this case protect tuning knobs so bass won't get out of tune?
will this bag fit my Rogue series II electric bass?
Is this bag too big for a short scale Fender?
What are the dimensions of the bag? My guitar is 42 x 17 x 5. Would it fit?
Will it fit a Yamaha FG700S Acoustic Guitar?
Big enough for Ovation acoustic?
Does the zipper pull has hole to put a small padlock?
How suitable would this case be for carrying an acoustic guitar and transporting on a bike?
Will my jumbo body Epiphone as200 fit in this case?
I have a smaller size guitar A Gibson Around 40" by 14.5" wide. Will this case be too big for it?
Does it fit the Yamaha FS 720S ?
can my FGX700 electric acoustic guitar will fit in this bag? and is the bag will not easily break?
I bought my granddaughter the First Act Discovery Acoustic Sunburst Guitar? Not sure what size it is or if its a 3/4 size guitar does anyone know if this will fit in the this World Tour 3/4" padded bag?
I have bought a 30" acoustic guitar, will this guitar bag fit?
my guitar is 36 inches long. would it fit?
Can this be used for a CLASSICAL 3/4 guitar? I've read that acoustic are slighly different sized necks, etc.
Does this gig bag fit in an Epiphone DR-100 acoustic guitar?
Will this guitar bag fit a 38" guitar?
How thick is the padding of this bag in millimeters?
Will this fit an ES 175 Gibson/Epiphone?
Will this bag work for a Gretsch G9500 Jim Dandy Flat Top?
What is the length of this bag?
Which World tour gig bag would be best for a Rogue 7/8 acoustic starter guitar?
will it fit an epiphone joe pass guitar 4" deep?
will this case fit a fender dg-60?
Says the depth is 4 inches, my fs700s is 40" long, and 4 3/4" deep. Will it fit do ya think?
will it fit 12 string guild quitar
I have a Rogue LX-200B, would it fit in this case?
Would this fit my Ibanez GSR200? Yeah, its a beginner's bass, I know.... Thanks for feedback.
my bass' length is 45 inches and the body L x W is 19" l x 13" w. will it fit
works with an acoustic bass Guitar? Ibanez AEB5E
Would this fit a Epiphone Eb-0?
What are the dimensions?
i have a SDGR soundgear by Ibanez will it fit in that bag?
I have a Fender Stratacoustic and it about an inch or so thicker than a regular Strat. Anyone know if this case may fit? Acoustic bags are too big.
will it fit the epiphone new prophecy? it's a 24 fret jumbo guitar
Fit a scheckter omen 7?
Will this fit a left handed Ibanez GRX20 Electric Guitar?? I just want a bag for Storing
I would like to know if this one will be perfect to a Epiphone Riviera Custom P93 Electric Guitar, Wine Red . I would lke to know the dimensions ?
what are the interior dimensions? Would it comfortably or snugly fit a guitar thats about 41" in length?
Is this for a MINI squire?
What are the measurements to determine if it will fit a 39" hig; 13"wide and 3" deep Fender Squier Bullet guitar?
Hello, you enter a jazzmaster?? How much I get the delivery to Bronx, NY?
Will it fit a Sheraton/335 style guitar? thanks.
Can this be used with acoustic guitars?
can this be used for a microphone??
any chance this is powerful enough to play in the street?
Can the "speaker" portion actually deliver sound or is it isolated to an output? i:e headphones.
Can this be used for any other musical input other than an instrument such as a CD player or cassette deck?
what is the difference between this one and the MS-2R?
does it only work off of batteries?
Does this have any issues with a new battery fitting?
Can this be used with the processor?
how big is the micro amp
Can this be used with amateur (ham) radios, and how is the mic activated? I have a foot switch so it cannot be a pust to talk.
Can microphone be taken off piece when not using?
Can the microphone be on the right side
battery box on both of the headsets I bought quit working. how do I replace them?
can you replace the Microphone element??plugs/wire check out good can hear, but can't make Microphone work now for amateur radio worked fine b4
Don't mean to sound stupid but are these usable with your cell phones? My husband has a little hearing loss in one ear.
I have a MD-1160 MIDI Keyboard by Radio Shack and it requires headphones with a 1/4 inch (6.35mm) plug. Can I use this Headphone? is the mic removable
Do the cushions completely cover the ear and rest on your head or do they press on your ear?
Does this work with a mixer board for talkback situations? Are there any special adapters needed to work with a mixing board?
I am going to be creating some Podcast videos. What is the sound quality like in terms of noice reduction etc. Thank you
What are the internal dimensions of this item?
Is this sturdy enough to send keyboard as checked baggage? What are external dimensions?
Does this fit Yamaha PSR e433
Will this fit a Casio CTK 571-approx. dimensions 37.5x15x6.5?
What is the current output on this adaptor?
will this work for casio model ct-615 keyboard
Have a casio LK-43 and says I need a n AD-5 adaptor but this model isn't listed for the ones it will work on. Will it be ok?
will this work with CTK-518 casio? thx, karyn
Will this work and fit a Casio CT-310?
Can the double bass bag fit two 5 string basses or a 5 and 4 string together?
Can I put my bass (Fender Jazz ) and my guitar (PRS Santana SE)?
So two bases fit in this case, correct?
Have they gotten rid of the smell yet?
Could someone please give me the inside dimensions of the bag?
What does this do that a multi-meter will not?
What do the lights mean? The manual does not explain it. What pattern indicates good?
Do intermittent shorts go into memory so you can view them? The ad nor any reviewer have mentioned this confidently, so I'm asking.
Is there a way to specifically test gtr cords that use shorting plugs? I wanna be able to test the shorting plug's switches for intermittents.
will it test standard 1/4" (TR) besides the TRS 1/4"
Will the test tone generate from all outputs, or just XLR? Is it easy to switch between 1kHz and 440Hz?
I'm buying for someone who has a Fender acoustic guitar (DG-8S). Size she gave me: 40" x 16". Will this case fit it? Thanks.
Will a Yamaha CG-101 fit in this case? Thank you all.
I have a Takamine GD20-NS, which is 5" deep. Two answers here contradict. One says GD20-NS will fit, other says case only 4" deep. Which is it?
Does it have bumpers on the bottom and back side.This would probably fit a Martin DC-16GTE My D-28 and 16 gte fit in the same case very well..
Will this fit my D12/BR Washburn?
Will a Takamine GD20-NS Dreadnought guitar fit in this case? It's for my son and I don't know much about guitars and cases.
Will this fit a Martin DCX1E?
does it fit epiphone dr-100?
friend this case fits one acoustic guitar Fender CD-140S
Will this case fit a Waldon D350?
will this automaticly adjust the frequencies?
can this operate on 240 volt ? or only 110
Hello does this have a tos link output and input?And can i use this unit for my 7.2 channel avr?Will it optically work all 7 channels?Please help.
Interested only in listening to digital music through a set of high end earphones connected to a headphone amp. Overkill or worth it?
Feedback system works on auxiliary out put too?
Does anyone know if the unit 'wakes up' (after cycling the AC Mains power) in the last-used EQ / settings state, or if it defaults to present number zero upon power cycling?
I'm planning on adding this EQ to my rack setup. The reviews so far have been mixed. Do you recommend using this product? Is it reliable? Thank you
can i use this as feed back suppresor or i have to buy this FEEDBACK DESTROYER PRO FBQ2496 and can this operate on 240 volt ? or only 110
Does this need balanced or unbalanced 1/4" TRS cables for Main Out L/R?
Can the mounting brackets be removed?
Are the FX Sends "pre fader" or post. AKA can I turn up the knob on the FX Send with the master gain down?
Is this a power mixer?
CAN I INPUT 16 MICROPHONE AT THE SAME TME?
Does this mixer have Phantom Power?
I'm seeing that some have said it DOESN"T come with screws but it says that it DOES in the description. I want to rack 3 routers/3 switches.
Can the frame handle the weight of a 35 lb amplifier?
It looks like the rack is on a tilt can you make it straight
It looks like the rack is on a tilt can you make it straight
Will this work with Cisco Switches
Please specify the dimensions of the box this shipment will come in. Thank you.
does it come with screws to mount hardware for example a preamp?
if i need to move it around occasionally how stable is it with gear in it? would i need to remove everything first? thanks.
does anyone know if these can carry the Yamaha HS80's?
Would I be able to mount a monitor arm w/ desk clamp (Ergotron MX w/ LG 34UM95 to be specific. &gt;30 lb total) on these to use as a pseudo floor stand?
What size of spekers can I put their?
Hey, is there a warantee for this product? Let me know
Hi I just bought 2 "pairs" of these. Does that mean I'm getting 4 stands? I hope so!
Some of the reviews say these stands are stable with larger speakers, and some say no. My speakers are 35lbs each. Would you trust or not?
what is the closest clearance between the main shaft and a wall if the stand is as close to the wall as possible?
Will these work with KRK Rokit 6 or 8?
Can these be sand filled and has anyone done it?
Is this price for pair?
are they hard plastic?
How long are these mallets?
How long are the mallets 10-12 inches or 14-15 inches?
How long are the mallets 10-12 inches or 14-15 inches?
do the mallet heads fall off at all
Does this product come with two mallets?
Just to be clear, do you receive TWO mallets?
what are the demensions?
will this fit a 42 1/2" guitar?
does this case fit a Charvel DX-1 FR Soloist ?
Will this case fit a Fender Jaguar electric guitar?
will a les paul jr fit?
Will this case fit an Ibanez RG? Thanks!
Will this fit an acoustic guitar?Or a peavy retro fire?
What are the interior dimensions?
I just had to cancel my order, realizing it was too good to be true that this case is 44" long as you say it is (above). Can you correct that, man!
can a Fender Jazzmaster fit here....
can these come with the black covers instead?
Now that you have the SSL-5 installed in the bridge position, would you say the sound samples on the Seymour Duncan site are a good representation?
if I need SSL-5 for middle pickup can I use this model or shall I look for the Calibrated set available with RW/RP middle pickup??
My son has a Squire but it needs new strings &amp; pickup(s). What kind would you suggest?
Can another mic be used be sides the one it comes with?
How can I avoid listening to the radio while I'm using only the microphone?
Recheargeable battery means that i can used the the PYLE PRO without external power supply?
ow dos the rechargeable battery works?
can this device connect to smart phones and laptops
where can I purchase a replacement wireless mic for this unit?
Would this be compatible with my projector and DVD player for showing movies outdoors?
I want to bypass battery and use unit with external power. What are spec. requirements and any external power product suggestions?
Treble and bass adjustments are for music or microphones?
What is the actual weight of the speaker, without any packing?
what is the seat width ?
What is the height range: shortest to tallest that it can go??
What is the Maximum weight? What is the manufacturer warranty?
can this instrument fit well in a country gospel band
Which amplifier is best to use with the Suzuki Qchord qci?
Where else can I buy the cartridges?
How long would it take to arrive to Miami, FL? Thanks!
Hello, the description says that the finish is Matte, but on the product cover says Semi-gloss. Which is the actual finish of the product?
Will this work for scrap-booking?
Can I use this to select presets from Native Instruments Guitar Rig 5?
I am looking for a foot pedal to control a hardware synthesizer via MIDI during live performance, how sturdy is this unit for touring?
Does this come with midi cables?
With the behringer fcb1010, will it start &amp; stop recording in a daw such as logic pro x/ or garage band.
How does it connect to an iPad? I have seen several reviews that say they use this with their music apps on the iPad.
Is this pedal compatible with AmpliTube 3 on my Mac? Or is it a standalone pedal with its own effects?
will this work with axe fx?
Will this work with a Peavey Vypr amp to control patches and effects via the pedal?
I am trying to use the FCB1010 with Amplitube on Windows. Am going crazy! HELP?
Is this foot controller made of plastic? or is it metal?
If i get the USB on-the-go recorder thing with it would i still need and audio interface??
picking one up that comes with a male/female xlr cable. Which end of the XLR needs the 1/4" adapter if I am plugging into a guitar amp? Thanks!
Does this come with a box, bag, and mic clip?
Is the cable and stand adapter included?
Can I connect this mircrohone to an amplifier?
What is the difference in the SM57 &amp; the other one on amazon SM57-LC? Not sure what the LC is about on the other one
Does this particular item come with a cable of any kind?
What should I get - SM57, SM57-LC (how is it different?) or the SM58? How does this do on a boom pole? Thx!
Can These Be Daisy Chained?
Does this come with the USB cable? Others from websites like sweetwater, b&amp;h, etc come with the USB.
Just received this and spent hours trying to sync it with Logic Pro x. What am I missing? Links to help perhaps
How does the unit handle projects with more than 8 channels? Can you basically page over to get channels 9-16, or is it limited to just the first 8?
Issues setting this up with LPX 10.1 I have used this video http://goo.gl/RWmYhG to set up my BCF but it can only be used as general MIDI. help
Does anyone have any experience with Logic Pro X with this controller? Curious how time intensive setup is or possible link to mapping?
Can you send images of the board?
Will this plug and play with Sebelius 11
What's the difference between this and the C-3?
Does this need a phantom power adapter, or how does it draw power?
does it come with the mic cable?
I purchased this Mic with the Lexicon Alpha Desktop Recording Studio and XLR 3 Pin Microphone Cable, but it won't turn on. What do I need?
How can I connect this mic to my pc laptop?
can i use this USB or XRL?
Can this mic be used for church choirs?
can i use for iphone
Can anyone recommend an inexpensive shock mount that would fit this mic? Thanks.
can you recommend this for recording electric guitar amp cabinet? Thanks!
is this mic good for overlaying harmonies and piano???
Does this microphone use a 3.5mm jack? if not can I buy adapters that make it so?
Will this microphone (with the proper adapter) work with a digital voice mini-recorder?
Can you recommend an extension pole so that I can increase the total height?
Can this stand support or fit an Anchor Audio Explorer Pro that has a 1.5" hole?
I have Cerwin Vega speakers with speaker mounts !-3/8 inside Diameter &amp; 1-1/2 outside Diameter with they fit??
Will this fit a JBL EON 10 G2?
How wide does the base get when extended?
Can I purchase replacement "feet" for these stands? My hardwood floors are getting scratched up b/c the feet are gone. I look forward to your response
Leg housing is made of metal or plastic? is it strong enough?
Will my behringer b10d fit on this tripod? also what is the minimum height adjustment? I dont want it very high at all....
Will these work with JBL eon615? Thank you.
can this pole support the Alto Professional TS112A 12-Inch Active 2-Way PA Loudspeaker with Built-In Mixer
Do you think this will be enough power for my two 15 inch speakers and my two 12 inch subs?
Will this work with two 16 ohm speakers?
Is this item can use 220v power, please?
Can i use my numark mixtrack pro with this?
Can I use the Seismic Audio baby subwoofer with this?
how many whats per channel,
Does this mixer record?
Good morning, I wonder if the price is per pair or a single horn?
Can i use this speaker to use whith my iphone and laptop and which kind a cable need to use to listen this speaker
I have this speaker but I can not get the usb to work as an input. When I plug my IPhone 5 in it simply charges the phone but will not play any music.
I purchase this speaker and i really like it. so I purchase another speaker pyle model padh1589. how can I hook up the two?
sd card slot? is the stand tripod included?
Thinking of getting one of these to DJ at a small bar, is the bass bumping? Cheaper model suggestions without usb/iphone features? don't need.
From my RMX Hercules Mixer , from where in the mixer I conecct thcables then where in this speakers I conect the ?
Does this Speaker have the 3.5 m auxiliar in So I can conecct eather an mixer or iPhone ETC.. ?
Ok ,If I want to use to speakers witch one should I use . Because I like the 1600 watts but two of them will be to mutch sound. Maybe two of 1200 ?
HOW MANY WATTS RMS PRODUCE THIS CABINET
What is the power output (W) of the speakers?
Can I use this amp with a guitar and wireless mic together?
How many hours the wireless microphone can be used before battery needs to be replaced?
Can you use a wireless headset microphone with this system?
I want to use this to talk to my nearly deaf mom. speaker will be 15-20 feet from mic. will it work in that area? will there be feedback?
I lost AC power cord where can I purchase another?
How many years have you been using this? Is it still good after 1-2 years?
Can you buy two of these, and use the same mic on both?
I've had this unit for a few years and it still works good. However, I lost the wireless mic and want to buy another. Can I do that?
Is there a CD player that is compatable with this system??
Are you stating that this unit is portable with battery or has electrical cord to be operated plugged in
I lost the mic for my unit. Can I buy a replacement that will still work with the remote sensor?
Can I use this product at outdoor.
How is the mic working with this unit?
can this link wirelessly with another speaker of its kind?
Need audio for a room of 30-40 with 2 presenters using lavalier mics. Other than a 2nd mic, do I need anything else? Is this what you would get?
Can a second speaker be added
I am an event planner and need a battery pa system for a beach wedding. Would this product work for aproximately 125 guests to hear their nuptuals?
110 volt?
hi, I was wondering if I can control the sound/music selection from a distance (wirelessly/Bluetooth)? It doesn't mention that. Thanks
Will any wireless microphone work with a Pyle PWMA 800W VHF Wireless Portable PA system w/echo, or can you tell me where I can purchase a new wireless
can i connect a pyle 10 band EQ to this item
hi, is this system compatible with android phones?
Can I use this with power without charging?
The speaker I am wanting to use these through has a DVD/TV input (the red, yellow and white cords) will this still work?
I have a ION BLOCK ROCKER and a ION TOTAL PA. Can I plug this device into the microphone ports and now have 2 wireless mics for use?
I just want to use at a trade show-will they work without any amps, computers or other stuff-just plug in base and add batterys?
Does this have both 1/4 inch outputs and XLR (balanced) outputs??
If I get an adapter from 1/4 to 1/8 can I plug this directly to my PC mic input?
Can you use both mic's at once to sing together?
If i was to buy 2 sets of these could all 4 mics be used together?
Can we plug this into a Pioneer Receiver and get the output over the Speaker System. I want to use these for Karoake singing along with CD.
do you need speakers with this or does it have a speaker built in it.?
what frequency is this unit?
does this unit need to be plugged into a separate amp and mixer or is it stand-alone?
Does the base unit include the cords to connect to my amp?
could i talk to each mic individually
11-13-14 hi, do you carry power cord for pyle-pro pdwm4300 4 mic vhf wireless rack mount microphone system? if yes, please give me a quote,i need it
Can this unit be plugged into one channel, or, must it use two?
Can this type of unit be plugged into a portable PA system such as a Behringer PPA2000BT and be functional? If not, any ideas on a similar unit that could used in this fashion?
can i use it to connect this with home theater audio system ?
Is there a microphone stand that is compatible with the handheld mics? Just received this and the mics are too big for my stands. Thanks!
Can I plug the unit directly into a PC microphone jack?
If I buy this unit and want to expand, can i buy another or are the frequencies not adjustable? Would i have to upgrade to an 8 unit base?
How long are the screws?
Will these hold cat5e cable securely?
IS this a flat head or phillips screw?
Can these be used outdoors for low voltage application? Are screws stainless steel?
Do these packs also contain a nutdriver bit?
Would these hold 12 gauge speaker wire?
Can I switch between keys for tuning a diatonic instrument?
Can this tuner be used on the voice?
can it be used for voice
I have many harmonicas in various keys. Is this tuner suitable for that?
Does this tuner give a note's pitch in Hz?
Is this a good tuner for acoustic guitar?
can you put a regular earpiece in this tuner?
DOES THIS TUNER WORK WITH AUTOHARP
is this worked on piano?
Will it tune saxes and clarinets
Will this work for an acoustic guitar?
Can you check intonation.For example: High E OPEN then at the twelfth fret?
What's the difference btw GA-1 and GA-40? Will be used 85% on electric with jack, 15% acoustic with mic. Is one better or are they the same?
does this model have the metronome which one would be the best that has the tuner and metronome if this one does not
Is the GA-40 tuner tunable? The specs say that you can drop the tuning a half-tone at a time, but they do not say whether or not it can be changed from the A=440 to the A=432 standard. If this tuner is not tunable, do you know of any guitar tuners that...
Does this work as a Violin Tuner? But is there any reason why this wouldnt work as a violin tuner?
Should I buy the junior strap for a 5th grader or can the regular strap be adjusted to fit my 5th grader? He is an average kid in height.
Hi. I have a daughter whose favorite color is green. Could we please get a green instead of red?
I want the junior size in red... I can't seem to pick a size even when I add it to my cart. Is it not available?
will this fit a pBone?
Can this be used with a Yamaha YSL-354S?
Has anyone used this with a baritone or euphonium? What was your experience like?
Is this mouthpiece for trombone only? or can be used by Baritone. I am looking for a good Baritone mouthpiece , any recommendation?
is this for small bore?
would it fit my Epiphone SG Special,and how durable is it?
Do you think a left-handed model would fit in this case?
What country is the case manufactured?
would it fit a 24 frets sg special?
Will an Epiphone Les Paul Junior fit into this case?
I am planning to buy this for an Epiphone G-400 Pro, which i am later planning to fit with a Bigsby B5. Will it fit?
Will a Fenter Strat fit in this case
Will this fit for LTD EC 330?
I am using this to mount an eletric guitar in a frame and I need to know how far this sticks out to see if it fits in a frame
Did you use bigger , longer screws to mount your hanger
What is the advantage/disadvantage of this model versus the Hercules GSP38WB (with the wooden base)? I want to hang an electric guitar on my drywall.
Does it mount to concrete walls?
does the hanger come off and base stay in place? i want to mount them to the sides of my stack but want to remove quickly to transport.
Would this hold a cello and if so, would you recommend it for that purpose?
Does this work for accoustic guitars
Im a steel guitar player planning on buying his 1st classical guitar. What is the difference in tension mean please? Any recommendations on brands of strings or guitars? I'm partial to Teton, Martin and Seagull.
I bought these and can't tune the first string? It gets to about a Db before it breaks.
three bass strings sound stronger than the treble strings, which are way weaker/fainter. Is this just strings needing replacement, or?
does it have ballends
can these strings be used on a 3/4 ' acoustic guitar
Is this a 3-pack as the image implies (3 complete sets)?
Do these strings have ball ends?
Will these work on a 3/4 size guitar?
I was told to buy nylon strings for a classic guitar would this be the right thing?
Does this strap require drilling holes in you uke?
not much room under the mandolin strings a shoe string mounting . will theNeotech 8001002 work out for me?
One reviewer said that the strap doesn't come with all the extensions, etc as shown. That review was from 2013. Is this still the case now (as of January 2014)? If so, what is included with the strap?
will it work with a concert size kohala ukulele? would I have to drill a hole in it?
Has the problem with the missing parts (See David Patton's 4 star review) been remedied?
Is one pair pitched higher than the other, ie. a "male" pair for one hand and a "female" pair for the other?
What is the size in inches of the castanets?
Are these castanets wood? Also, what size are they?
Comes with cloth? Thanks!
Can this polish be used to clean the fret board?
Hi. Can I use this on the head and neck of my uke? Thanks.
does this clean both the strings, fret board, and body of the guitar?
Can I use this on all mahogany guitar. Martin 00015 has a satin finish
I have gretch 6117 what guitar polish and cleaner would be good for it?
will this work on mirrored guitars
Can this clean built up wax?
can use this cleaner on a maple fretboard? thanks!
For a first timer what is your opinion, an Ovation 148-rrb vs a Yamaha 730 series ?
is it full size
Is it posible to put nylon strings on it?
Hello. Could I also have shipping dimensions? Guitar will be shipped to Florida and from there to South America
Does it work on other brands?
Does a Hohner "Old Stand-by" fit in the HH01 holder?
Does anyone know if this will work on the HOHNER GOLDEN MELODY.
will this work for a kazoo? 'saw Clapton with a kazoo in his harmonica holder...want to be able to do the same. thank you!
is the key of G honer marine harmonica the best one for Neil Young tunes? not sure what key would be best
Do it made in Germany?
does the harmonica come with it
Is this adjustable? I.E. could it work for a child?
will this holder work with the 12 hole Hohner Chromatic model?
is it to long?
How thick is the padding inside the case?
What are the inside dimensions of the extra pockets? I'm looking for something to fit my keyboard, plus a thick 15.6" laptop, plus some snacks... :)
Does it fit a motif xf6 keyboard?
what is the size of the bag
What are the inside dimensions of this gig bag ?.
Would this Op/Tech strap be good for a very heavy loaded computer bag?
What is the length at full extension, clip to clip?
Is this the curved, updated version of the strap or the straight version?
Is there leather on the strap?
does anyone know what the weight limit would be for this strap? we're needing to carry 25lb load. would be getting 2 of them.
What is the width of the strap on the narrow portions? Meaning not the center of the strap, but at the extremities?
Is this Optex strap the same as the Tom Binh Absolute Shoulder Strap?
Do you think this strap would fit onto a sony a6000 strap openings. There is a small triangular ring that it can attach to that is 1/4" x 1/8" open.
What is the width of the velcro portion of the strap? I bought a mini and it's not wide enough to my liking.
Will this strap work for a 27-pound suitcase?
will this case fit a 17 inch Benedetto style archtop?
I need a case for a Gretsch G100 CE archtop
Does this have a lock? electric style head, 41" long, under 4" wide, 15" at widest bottom point, 11 2/3" upper curve which case fits with lock
Will this fit a Martin 00-15M...it us about the same size as a classical or folk guitar. Thanks!
What guitar did you fit in this? I'm looking for a case for a Martin JC16. Thanks
I just started using this humidifier and I like it. Would this be a good unit for .3/4 size laminate guitars in gig bags?
I keep my guitar on a stand save when I am out. Is this an effective humidifier for my purposes or should I look elsewhere?
what size sound hole does this fit?
what size sound hole does this humidifier fit?
Hi, Will I be able to connect an android phone to the system? And can I control the songs/volume from my phone or does it have to be docked? Thanks
How long do the rechargeable batteries last?
Can I use my laptop?
Still NOT clear on wether I can use/dock an iPhone instead of iPod ...what type of wire would i purchase to convert from iPod to iPhone connection? TX
Can the speaker be in another room than the person using the mic?
We have lost our power cord and wondered if I can order a replacement one? How can I do that?
I would like to know can this system, be used for a 4 or 5 Mic speaking station in a Lodge. I see 2 mics comes with it, and if possible can it be used with 4 or 5 mics and loud enough to hear clear in a 75' - 50' room.
For how long can the fully charge bateries run?
Use recharge Battery or Electric ?
is this unit bluetooth
Does it works with what speakers? Does works with JBL EON 515XT?
How high are the stands?
what are the dimensions of the stands pole down and the legs closed up?
Are the cables trs?
What are the dimensions of the poles .1 3/8" or 1 1/2 " I have mounts for 1 3/8"
would these be compatible for skytec SP1200A 12inch actives?
What are the inside dimensions?
Dimensions? Can anyone provide the measurements of this case so one could know if it would fit their particular keyboard or not?
do you know if does it fit for a yamaha p105b? thanks
The dimension works for a Alesis q88 midi keyboard?
How much does it weigh? Accuracy is appreciated, at least rounded to the nearest pound.
Will this work for a Yamaha p105b (88 keys) ?
Does a Yamaha P35B fit inside?
Will it fit Casio Privia PX-150?
can someone tell me what can i do to solve the hissing noize ?
can someone please tell me if its a pair or single speaker you got ?
What is included in this product?
Is there any extra wire I will need to buy, I have a 6 jack input on the back of my computer. (Grey, Black, Yellow,Red,Green,Blue)
I wanna know what can happen if i use unbalanced TS cable ?
Does these include XLR-to-1/4" cables? Ive seen people saying they do include them and some they dont.
Can anyone tell me what powered subwoofer can go wity these ? Least expensive on up ?
Can I use these as regular speakers? Been wanting to buy a decent pair that don't exaggerate sounds, but never had monitors before, so I am skeptical.
i wanna know if its the pair you got for that price ?
Does this stand's back fold up? Like the legs fold up and then the desk will fold up like folding a piece of paper or something?
What is the difference in this stand and the SMS-20 by Peak?
What is the desk made out of? Plastic or metal? If metal, does a magnet stick to it? Thanks, and Happy New Year to All!!
What is the weight of the stand please?
Does anyone know the weight capacity of this stand? Thanks
Does anyone know if you can use the Manhasset stand extenders on it? I know some of the stands have a lip and the Manhasset extenders won't fit on it.
is the bookplate oversize,larger than standard??
Does this Peak stand come with carrying case? It's not shown in the picture.
What is the lip depth?
will it hold a heavy book?
How wide are legs at bottom at shortest setting of table top?
How is the keyboard secured to the stand?
What is the depth (front to back) of the table top?
the on-stage platform style stand...can the legs be adjusted so the keyboard player can sit and play?
does it shake when you play
can it withstand the weight of my 88 keyed Casio Privia pX150?
If I want to cut the legs about one inch to make the stand a little lower for playing comfortably while sitting, will it be possible?
Will this work with an Akai MPK88 88-Key Keyboard?
Will this work with an Akai MPK88 88-Key Keyboard?
Is this stand suitable for Korg Krome 88 keys long keyboard, I'm looking for a stand thant can be used in a comfortable sitting position
How many legs the item have? It does not show on the picture.
What is the weight rating and what is the adjustment for height change?
Which gibraltar Thornes are compatable with the Gibraltar GUBR universal back rest?
What is the maximum height?
What brand are the tuning machines?
Hello. The other OE30s on the site come with black control knobs, and covered humbuckers. The pic here isn't like those. Which did you get? Thank you.
Is this guitar all-steel strings or nylon and steel
Is the string spacing good for large hands/fat fingers?
Is this a good violin? i need a student viloin please help me out, I don't know what to do.
what size should i get 9 year old beginner full or 3/4 violin
what are the bow strings made of?
Where are the set up instructions
What is the shipping weight?
Is this solid wood?
What is the bow like?
Did this come with a tuner? I noticed the picture had one but there is no mention of it in the description. Update: I've ordered a separate tuner as it seems to be about half/half saying it did or did not come with one. Thanks for the updates! Do you...
Is this violin made in USA or China?
no shoulder?
is there a connection for coaxial cable on the back
Product Dimensions: 1 x 5 x 5 inches ; 1 pounds ... oh, really??
will this unit block interference from creating audible buzzing sound coming through home theater speakers?
Is the display on this blue, just like on the H15? Owner manual does not show the display color. Thanks.
Shold I stack the conditioner with my AV components? Is it OK, preferable, recommended to stack your other AV components on top of the APC AV H10.
Will this unit work with a Dish Network system and a LG 55 inch TV
I want to put it under the hood of a car to create the illusion of a smoking engine... is this a hazard?
My first thought would be the heating element broke when it didn't work. Are you able to buy replacement heating elements for this?
I want to use this for a smoke stack on a little tug boat, Will it work ?
Does this come in a box with an instruction manual? I received mine today and it was just included in a box with other items. No information.
How loud is it?
Could you put hash oil in this thing ?
does it get really hot
Would this little device produce enough smoke to be evident in photographs?
What's the diameter of the tube? Since it cannot be use horizontally, I am thinking of connecting some sort of a pipe for more control of fog position
How was the avg battery life? /How many puffs on avg can u do before u need another 6 batteries?
I am a female just shy of 5'5 with small hands and a small frame. I am worried this guitar will be too big for me. Anyone smaller with experience?
Does it stay in tune well and how is the intonation out of the box? Should I expect to have it set up?
Newbie questions about the FG700S size for someone who owns one: Can someone who owns this guitar give me some measurements, such as the width of the neck, the thickness of the body, and maybe the width of the widest part of the body?
Is this a folk acoustic guitar or a dreadnought?
What kind of bag do you keep it kept in? hard case or a gig bag?
does it have one or two strap buttons?
Does this have a solid top and steel strings?
does this guitar have the nubs for a strap
What is the difference between this product and the Yamaha FG700S Folk Acoustic Guitar Sandburst http://www.amazon.com/dp/B001R2QTP0/r...
has anyone found a good affordable case on Amazon for this guitar? tia
I played one, and the holes are extremely far apart. Is this true of all alto recorders, regardless of the material used to make one?
Does the alto recorder come in the key of c
is alto lower than soprano?
How long is this recorder? How big would my hands need to be to play it comfortably?
Is the fingering German or Baroque on this recorder?
Does this Recorder come with a case, fingering chart, cleaning rod and lubricating cream/grease?
Does this come with the Yamaha plastic/vinyl sleeve, and is this model one and the same as Yamaha YRA-28B? Thanks.
My some wants a trumpet but, he is only four almost five. I feel a trumpet would be tough for him to enjoy any advice on a wind instrument he would?
Does the alto recorder come in the key of c
what is the depth of the body?
Does it take nylon or steel strings?
Is the gig bag strong enough to be checked on a flight? Will the gig bag protect the guitar if it was thrown around by airline workers?
What's the country of origin?
What is the total length ?
Where is it made?
Does it come with at gig bag?
adjustable truss rod?
Is this a ground level fog or the usual fog?
how much fog time does on gallon of juice give with this machine
How bad does this smell? I want to fog a venue, but I always get complaints about the smell from the fog from them.
Is there any residue with this fog juice when used indoors (Plan to use diluted by 1/ 3 with a 400W machine) ?
Do you need to have a stand for this pad?
What is better? This or the Vic Firth 2-Sided Practice Pad also 12 inches. Pros? Cons? Final thoughts?
Can you use a regular snare drum basket stand with it?
We have a 7 year old just starting. Should we get the 12 inch or the 6 inch size? Related: Is one size better for "expanding" his practice set later?
Do drummers usually need just 1 pad to practice or should I get 2?
Does it sit on top of the snare drum or do I remove the snare drum and put the pad in its place on the snare stand?
is this pad called Realfeel?
bounce ? the smaller pad bounces up and down a lot when playing on a bed. is this one heavy enough to hold it's place?
Is this for adults or children?
Is the guitar included?
Is this an acoustic or classical guitar? Because it looks like a classical guitar, but it says that it is an acoutic guitar
What is the built in mic used for? To just enhance the sound? Thank you.
is the guitar a 41 inch
Is this guitar for a left handed person?
Is guitar strap included?
can you recommend a better quality of strings for this guitar?
guitar for dummies acoustics guitar starter you recommend not to order
does this guitar have a peg on the bottom for a strap i would really like to know by tonight so i can order it
I was just told by a saxophone professor that all new sax's leak &amp; will need to be adjusted. Will I need to get it adjusted after I receive the horn?
does this come with a reed guard? I heard reed guards are very necessary.
It looks like LJ Hutchen offers a 2 year warranty, should I still purchase the 2 year warranty being offered at check out?
Has anyone used this to accent walls? If so, could someone submit a customer photo and how well does it work?
How do you power the light, does it come with a power chord.
Do I need to buy a DMX cable with this or can I just plug it in and then determine what color I want to make it via the dipswitches? Thank you!
what colors can it make?
Will this unit work with a DMX 3 channel controller?
How can I make the parcan react to sound? According to the manual it's to leave it on #10 but it's not working Thanks for the help in advance
Is this light DMX controlable ?
I'd like to use this as a spot light for a comedy show. Anyone use it as a spot light?
Where can i get the support bars?
What is the exact length of the taller upright tubes. I want to cannibalize one of these stands for a project and I need two tubes that are 56".
What is the distance (front to back) of the bottom of the "A" Frame?
Would this be stable enough stand for 2 keyboards on the bottom, and then use the top for a wood shelf to hold mixer, sound mods and midi interface?
can you tell me how wide this stand is? i need one at least 58 inches wide for 88 note keyboard on bottom
What is the length of: A) the cross pieces and B) the longer of the two end pieces
PLEase what is the minimum width and minimum depth it can be set up? I need this for small space and small keyboards. I Need something with adjustable width!
Can I adjust the height of each individual keyboard? (i.e. the height of each tier).
what's the max weight for each tier ? And size keys ? 88keys ?
Where can I get the support bars of this product?
I need of it for Fender Stratocaster, what you adivse me to use for volume and 2 tones? My guitar have 3 pickups 1 humbucker and 2 singles.
Can this potentiometer be used in an amplifier? Is the custom taper suitable?
What's meaning of Split shaft ?
Dear, is it log ou linear?
What's the size of this? As in, what size knob does one need?
Voltage 110 or 220
Is the Power Cable removable or built in to the unit?
How are the sockets in the back oriented? Would the plug blades run vertically with ground pin on bottom or do the plug blades run horizontally?
Since this does not have a surge protector, can this be safely connected to a single wall surge protector?
Is this a standard rackmount width ~19"?
How many centimeters wide (front side)?
can you take off the rack mount bracket so you can put it on a shelf instead?
Do the outlets on the back of the unit have a hole for a ground prong?
What is the height of the unit? The description says 5.5" but the photo would indicate otherwise.
Does it have to be mounted horizontally for heat dissipation?
How is this unit powered? Is it battery, a/c or D/C?
Can anyone that owns this stobe tell me if is (Sound Activated?) Thanks!!!
How do you turn it on and off?
does it work on 220V outside US
does it have sound strobe?
what type bulb does it use
does this light have dmx master slave
REceived my Light, plugged it in yesterday. Motor is running. No lights. Don't know how to contact you except here. Please help.
Christmas Tree Lighting? I hate winding lights through my tree. It's hard to hide the cord and hard to get the lights balanced and the darned tree branches constantly poke me. So I was thinking -- why not put one of those multicolored, color-changing...
Will this item operate on 240 volts ? - Amazon, although it ships to countries outside US, constantly avoids suppling this most basic information .
What kind of lamp is included? Halogen? LED? Thanks.
can this be used for stage performances
What kind of bulbs does it take? What is the part model I need for getting the replacement bulbs?
Do you need a controller/dimmer for this light or can it just be plugged in?
does it come all ready to plug in?
Can you use black light bulbs in these and what type of bulbs would you need to buy?
What is the Height on this product?? I saw the Width but I didn't see the Height ...... I appreciate if somebody response me
i want it for latin america, what is the weight of the product for shipping?
is this a 16 feet struss?
What size are the pipes on the truss? 1in or 1 1/2in?
Does this ship in 1 big box or multiple boxes? Need to know this. Thanks
how wide is the space between the two legs?
does this truss come with bolts to mount the lights?
Can it extend to 11 or 12 feet?
What does include? Does it include everything to assemble?
How much weight does the stand hold?
What is the height in inches? Is it 2U for a rack system?
does this come with the controller and the relay pack where the lights plug in??
Relay pack? I see on your website this item comes with the relay pack, but don't see it on here. Is it included?
does it come with the lyrics, or will do you know if the machine will show the lyrics?
What are the song titles?
what songs are on these cdg"s?
what songs are on the cd's?
Is this guitar worth using for a black metal/sludge/noise project?
Does this guitar have a standard 1/4" output jack?
Color: color different in photos which is correct?
2 things, would i be able to play WHIP IT - Love and Death on this guitar. and the other is does it come with a amp chord?
Does this guitar come with .009" - .042" strings?
Is the truss rod two way or one way?
What is the size of the packaging where the guitar come from? height, length and width
which is the size of the packaging where the guitar ? Length , Width, Height
Is the action low
Is the action low on this guitar?
Has anyone mounted this on a DSLR or "bridge" camera, like the Fujifilm HS50 EXR?
How can I mount this on a Canon Vixia HF R40 (which has no hot shoe adapter) and then mount the camera onto a tripod?
Anyone ever use this with a Go Pro?
Is there an indicator light to let you know if the battery is dying? Otherwise, if the battery is dead, no sound is recorded, correct?
does it work on smartphones?
Does the microphone detach from the mount or is it permanently attached?
Will it work on panasonic dmc-g6 and when using this camera, I guess the in-built mic on the camera is not operational. RIght?
HDR-HC7: Will this mic work on my Sony HDR-HC7??
What is the limit of distance from subject to get good sound?
does it work with an ipad 4? do I need any additional cable?
Could this tune down to 432 instead of 440?
does it display the register of the note? for example it displays c4, g5, e7 instead of just c, g, e
Is there any reason this couldn't be used as a vocal tuner (alto through bass)? Thanks a lot!
Has anyone had any success with using this device to tune a piano?
Does it offer a just intonation setting under the additional temperament presets?
Does anyone else have trouble viewing the LCD Text head on? Views fine at about a 45 degree angle but head on - contrast lost on text.
How long is the remote control cord that comes with the device?
How long does it run before you need to refill the snow fluid?
Does this come with snow juice?
Does this work in warm weather?
i might get this for christmas time for outsied wood it work on roof coverd buy a wooden box to keep it driy does it come with snow stuff
Can this be used As a foam machine ?
How much area does this cover, especially if it was about 15 feet in the air?
how much of a mess does this make? will i be cleaning it up off the floor all night?
Is this battery powered or does it have to be plugged in?
If I would use it indoors, would the floor get wet?
What's the difference between the 680.V3 and the 680E.V3? And, are the styli interchangeable?
Where can I get styli for these carts?
does this cartridge fit the stanton t 50 turntable
The Main outputs, sub outputs and control room out have RCA conectors?
Does this have a compressor
does this have an audio interface in phantom power
how does voice canceller work?
is this unit has echo control?
What are the inside measurements in inches for the upper bout, lower bout, body length and total length?
Is a guitar with dimensions 39 x 5 x 17 inches to small for the case?
Will this case fit a Godin 5th Avenue archtop?
I wanted to be sure this will fit the Seagull S6. Has anyone tried it?
I read the specs at musicians Friends on this case it says case is 43" long. Which is it? 42 or 43?
I have Fender Sonoran guitar 42" long, someone please measure your case, will it take 42"?
does it fit the Cigano GJ-15 Django D-Hole Student Jazz Guitar (Mahogany/Rosewood)???
will it fit a Mitchell MD200?
will this fit a Takamine EG531SC? thank you
Does this case work for. Martin custom x series guitar
can this hard case accommodate Spector MK5 Pro bass guitar?
will it fit a b.c. rich iornbird
The measurements in the product description look way too small to be a bass case. Is this the correct product?
Can anyone tell me if this case will accommodate an Epiphone Thunderbird?
Does anyone know if this case will accommodate a MTD ZX 5 string?
does anyone store a six string bass with this case? Im looking at it for an ibanez sr506 but i want to make sure it fits.
Can it fit a left handed 5 string bass?
Can it fit a left handed 5 string bass?
can it fit Schecter Stiletto Custom series ?
i have a long neck 24 fret bass, will it fit?
Will the yamaha motif es 6 fit in this bag?
Will a Yamaha PSR 3000 fit in this bag?
Do you know if a Tyros 2 will fit into this bag?
Will it fit a Kurtzweil PC3LE6?
Will a Yamaha PSR A2000 fit in this bag? Dimensions (WxHxD) are 39.48 x 5.82 x 17.04"
How sturdy is it, I am heavy set, but it says 330lbs. I more worried about the back and forth sturdiness. Any and all help appreciated!
Does anybody see a tag coming along with this item warning that this product contains chemicals known to the state of CAto cause cancer?
are keyboard benches the same as piano benches or are they too light to be used at the piano?
What are the height adjustment increments (are they pre-set, pre-drilled)?
HOW DOES ONE PUT THIS BENCH TOGETHER?
Hello all! I'm needing a portable chair for an event - would this fit into an airplane carryon suitcase?
Does anyone know what the weight of this bench is with the legs and all?
Anyone know where I could fine parts for this bench? Thanks
What are the dimensions of the box for shipping?
Will the free shipping covers the delivery to a 3rd floor apartment?
will it connect to blue snowball ice
What does the Ringer essentially do for the mic itself?
I have a blue yeti Pro will this shock mount work with it?
Anyone know of an adapter for this? It doesn't fit onto my Scissor boom mount, &amp; i really don't feel like building an adapter at the HW store. thanks
What does this whole setup rest on; would i need to buy a stand to hook it up to?
Will this fit a Yeti?
my desirable configuration is: ATPL120 turntable output to preamp and from preamp to Sony TMR-RF970R headphones. Can I have enogh strong signal?
I have an Audio Technica AT-LP60 and Lepai LP-2020A+ Tripath TA2020 Class-T Hi-Fi Audio Amplifier with Power Supply, would I still need a preamp?
I have an audio technica LP60 hooked up to an onkyo SR508 receiver. I have to really turn it up to hear well. Will this preamp help with that problem?
Would this allow me to use a turntable with a Philips Soundbar (HTL3110B)?
What kind of power cable does this use?
Can the RIAA equalization be switched off? For playing LPs, you'd always want it, but for playing 78s for example you do *not* want it.
Would the power adapter work with 220 v power outlet??? - I&acute;m from Chile and we don{t use 110-120 volts
Will this work with a Numark TTUSB Belt Drive Turntable?
Is there a difference between a microphono and phono preamp?
turntable from '70s has groundwire, will preamp work with active subwoofer/soundbar? subw has 2 ea red/white audio inputs (SA-CD/CD and TV). would I connect phono to preamp inputs, and preamp outputs to subw CD inputs? thanks
How do i connect this machine and computer to a receiver and play sound from both input? Please help..
How should I connect if I'm trying to sing karaoke with a computer and this device? my speakers are computer speakers..I have 2 mic with 1/4 jack
this machine plays the DVDs (kareokes) or it has to be connected to another player? I did not see any openings (on the picture) to insert DVDs
How can I connect my laptop to the mixer and my soundbar as the speaker. Now I have HDTV, mixer, mics, and soundbar. How can i connect them together?
Do the microphone inputs require 1/4" TRS plug (2 rings on the plug, balanced), or 1/4" TR cable plug (single ring, unbalanced). Or do both work? If both work, which works better? I want to purchase the correct microphone cable/jack. Thanks!
shall i make minus tracks from original songs
can i play mp3 and mp4 songs
how can i connect my Mixer to Behringer Mx800 Karaoke Machines voice Canceller , My mackie mixer do have RCA in/out put &amp; 1/4" XLR in/out put
does the minimix 800 have a phantom power supply for condensor microphone
I want to know if I can add this mixer to sing karaoke with my set up: denon receiver with speakers, my music source is from a Xiaomi tv box?
I want to podcast from local pubs in town. Would this kit be decent for a couple of guys sitting around a pub style table and talking about beer?
Can it record multiple people speaking at the same time on multiple microphones?
Can I record with someone who is in a different location? i.e. through Skype
does this mic record in stereo
Does this mic come with a desktop stand for it? If not, can someone suggest one before I purchase this?
Linux Audio Recording: Anyone have any experience with it on Linux?
What would be the best way to get a balanced output? Use an XLR combiner cable or? We currently have a balanced TRS output from our old mixer.
does it have reverb
I have a mackie profx8 mixer and alto professional ts112a speakers for karaoke at home. The music is good but mic sound no good so can I buy this or..
Can IPad connected to this mixer wireless for karaoke music from internet?
How is this unit for a Mobile DJ who would do wedding receptions and parties.
Can it be connected to the tv (in) if the tv is connected to a sound bar (out) so I can do karaoke?
recommended speakers for system?
what speakers are recommended
Can you switch out the handheld mic for a lavalier mic with the same frequency? I am thinking it would be nice to be able to switch to a lavalier mic for certain events without having to purchase a whole new mic set. Obviosly the mics could not be run...
What kind of issues are you having with handling noise? Hard to hold onto mic without a lot of noise from handling. Is mine defective or ??
Will the rpw118 (beta58a) cartridge work as replacement for rpw110 (pg58) cartridge in this system?
can I permute the mic with the receiver? can u sell the mic without the receiver ?
battery life
can i add mics
How do you plug the PG24 into your receiver to used the microphone with the speakers of the system
What kind of jack?
What is the different on H7 K7 M7?
Will the shure blx2/pg58 handheld transmitter with pg58 microphone, h8 be able to connect to this receiver
Does this require a phantom 48V power?
Do you need any other equipment for this mic to work?
Since this is not wireless, how do i get the exact wireless base that would work well for it?
does this have male pins or female holes. my pg30 connection has the female side
is this wire less or you can connect to the amp?
How do I choose between H7 K7 and M7?
Can this be used with a zoom h4n recorder?
Can it be connected to the tv (in) if the tv is connected to a sound bar (out) so I can do karaoke?
recommended speakers for system?
what speakers are recommended
Can you switch out the handheld mic for a lavalier mic with the same frequency? I am thinking it would be nice to be able to switch to a lavalier mic for certain events without having to purchase a whole new mic set. Obviosly the mics could not be run...
What kind of issues are you having with handling noise? Hard to hold onto mic without a lot of noise from handling. Is mine defective or ??
Will the rpw118 (beta58a) cartridge work as replacement for rpw110 (pg58) cartridge in this system?
can I permute the mic with the receiver? can u sell the mic without the receiver ?
battery life
can i add mics
How do you plug the PG24 into your receiver to used the microphone with the speakers of the system
What kind of jack?
What is the different on H7 K7 M7?
Will the shure blx2/pg58 handheld transmitter with pg58 microphone, h8 be able to connect to this receiver
Does this require a phantom 48V power?
Do you need any other equipment for this mic to work?
Since this is not wireless, how do i get the exact wireless base that would work well for it?
does this have male pins or female holes. my pg30 connection has the female side
is this wire less or you can connect to the amp?
How do I choose between H7 K7 and M7?
Can this be used with a zoom h4n recorder?
I filled the tank and turned it on. Within 5 minutes the tank was empty. Is this normal?
Is remote wireless
I am wanting to bring this overseas, to surprise my niece on her birthday in february of next year, but our voltage here is different, what is the voltage requirement of this one?
How loud is this machine? Would it work for an indoor church wedding or would it be too loud? Thanks
What are the dimensions of the machine?
I need this for the Wizard if Oz poppy scene so it would only used for a minute right before intermission. Does it get slippery?
i might get this for christmas time for outsied wood it work on roof coverd buy a wooden box to keep it driy does it come with snow stuff
How long will the snow stay on the ground (outside) before it evaporates?
How do I make the snowflakes smaller? It is coming out in blobs.
I want to use this for a party for 2-3 hours indoors. Will it be messy? Will the carpet get soaked? What should I expect?
Does Xitel INport work on Mac OS X? Does anyone have experience with this product on a Mac?
Does it work with Windows 8
Windows 7: will it work with windows 7?
how to use xitel inport deluxe: Xitel INport Deluxe [Record From Your Stereo to Your Computer] i connected directly from my turntable to computer. it worked just as advertised for approx. 15 hrs.&amp; then it died. upon rereading the manual i discovered...
Why use this product instead of just running a standard cable from the stereo to the computer's microphone jack and recording on Audcacity?
Does it have a usb output?
I have to record at the highest level to move the recording meters so the play back has a lot of hiss. Solution? hookups are correct
What are the recording formats? Only MP3?
i had inport deluxe my xp desk top but when i got my 8.1 desk top it would not load...help
I couldn't sort by date, so I don't know whether this has been answered. Is this compatible with Windows 8?
Does this come with a fingering chart?
Can you tune this penny whistle?
Where is this made?
What brand is this whistle (clarke, walton, etc...)????
Why does mine sound terrible? It's such a simple device that I can't imagine anything could be wrong with it, so I'll assume it's me.
Does this work with Ubuntu Linux?
Can I drive my passive monitor speaker set with this interface without an additional amp?
Does this work with windows 7 64? And what about using in reaper?
If I use the device and record guitar on the included software, how do I get effects on the guitar?
I have windows 8 and Adobe Audition. Will this work with these programs
Will this work with an IPad 4?
is the recorded material stored on recorder itself or the computer only
Where do I get program DVD?
Torn between this and pyle pad20mx that is also a usb mixer. also, how does this compare to other audio interfaces like the m audio counterparts?
Does anyone know for certain whether or not this will work on a chromebook?
What is the db range from low to high
Does this product come calibrated and ready to use?
Can it be mounted on a tabletop tripod?
does it record the sound levels over time? Thx
what is the best sound meter to measure sound from aggravating no muffler 4 wheeler
How frequently does this unit take a sampling? I saw another unit that takes two samplings every second. I'd like a unit that samples almost real-time
what is the range of this meter?
Does this sound measurement device have a rechargable battery?
what is the unit,s db range?
Why wont this mic fit into Nikon D7100 or Nikon P7800 hot shoe? It will only slide half way in and no matter how much 'force' used will go no further!
Is this microphone compatible with my Nikon D5100?
I've never used an external mike for my Panasonic FZ150. Dumb question: If I buy this, do I turn the sound off on the camera itself?
Does this one come with the windmuff? On Rode's site it says it does but not mentioned here
can thi connect this to laptop for recording or is there any additional equipment necessary to boost the sound (quite weak on mac)?
I have the MS-40, and I experience problems with the power / power button - after a short time left speaker goes off line,
I can't seem to find the dimensions....help?
Did any one have problem with power / power button turning the left speaker off? Solution ? - thanks!
Still wonder if there is included the cable in this product package to interconnect MS 40 speakers each other? Should I buy extra cable such as Mediabridge ULTRA Series Subwoofer Cable to interconnect these two speakers?
Anyone use these speakers with their HD TV? I'm thinking of replacing my sound bar w/ these for better quality sound.
What are the input options?
Are the domes made of paper?
Can I plug them directly to my laptop?
Are these multi-voltage monitors?
Why the headphones output connector is closed? Is it a cap that must be removed to use the connector?
MIDI to USB - Is it possible? Has anyone had any luck making the connection?
What type of power plug? US/EU
Will this work with Nicecast in an iMac for Internet radio broadcasting using Yeti Blue mic?
Does it come with cables and a power pack.
will this work on windows 8?
Will it work with Vista? Is there any audio interface with vista drivers?
Hi, I need to know if the E-MU 0404 USB Audio Interface works with pro tools 10 and if I can connect the optical input 8-channel preamplifier?
Will this hold the Blue Yeti?
which cable line should I buy
Can this be used with the samson go mic -mini usb?
Does this stand fit the Snowball Ice?
Do i need an adaptor in order to use it with the blue Yeti?
Can this hold a Yeti and a shockmount?
Can someone who has this stand and the Yeti, confirm whether or not the Yeti can be attached directly to the stand (ie: no shock mount, etc)?
Does this hold up the Audio-Technica AT2020?
Does it come with a Mount Microphone Clip
Can this mic hold up the Blue Snowball?
what is the difference between H7, K7, M7?
Is the receiver battery powered or AC?
Can you i use two transmitter mics with one receiver?
would this work well with canon t4i outdoors?
Is this a stand alone system with it's own speakers? We have no sound system.
Does the microphone have a spring clip on it? To attach to the speakers clothing? And is it discreet?
can this work with with a pyro pro microphone? http://www.amazon.com/Pyle-Pro-PMEMS1...
can I use this product outside the USA?
is this work directly with regular computer for recoding?how(specify adapter) to make the sound also go into a speakers system for a big conference?
I want to plug this into my computer to record. I have the 1/4 to 1/8 adapter. Is that all I need and will it work well in that setup?
What of the tone of this metronome ?
No Batteries, Great What powers it, not a wind-up is it?
I want a metronome that I can set to have no downbeat bell or other noise for the down beat-just a steady click-click. Can this one do that?
Mine just arrived with no user manual. How do I set the time? If I want 80, do I line up the top of the pendulum with the 80 mark?
I don't know how to open the cover. It seems to get stuck.
Um....how can I tell what "time" it is? 2/4, 3/4 or 4/4 time...it came with NO directions.....
Where is this product made?
can this metronome continue playing for about 9 minutes?
Can I adjust the volume? How loud does it get? I would like to sing with the tempo.
Just clarifying.... it can make a bell sound at the 1st downbeat of a measure? Different time signatures?
Does this mixer support 48V Phantom Power?
i am not sure if i need this, PLEASE ADVISE, i have two technical pro powered monitors and a powered bass box..i was told to get a preamp.
I didn't really understand the inputs on this mixer. So I have 3 electric guitars, and an electronic drum kit. Can all of these,with mic,be connected?
Could I hook the Line Out from my Kawai Piano and the Headphone Out from my Laptop and use one set of Headphones?
Can this mixer use two microphones at the same time? How would you hook up two Audio-Technica ATR2100's into this?
Can this mixer connect to a PC via a soundcard?
does this power the microphone MXL 990?
Can use a Dynamic Mic with out 48v like the SM58 Microphone?
does this work with phantom powered microphones?
Can I use this with a USB Mic?
does this come with a/c power?
Does "2 Bus Mixer" mean that two inputs (eg guitar and vocal) can be separated in a recording software? Thanks!
How many microphones can I connect to the mixers. Will it be able to have 4?
Does it come with the cable to plug it in to the computer, and i have an usb mic what kinda jack should i buy for it?
a/c power 110~220 50~60 hz?
Dose this have phantom power? How much?
Is a direct box needed or recommended for guitars to use with this mixer, or not necessary?
CAN I INTERFACE MY PRO TOOLS THROUGH IT
If I connect a guitar amplifier to this via the amp's headphone jack using 1/4' male to male cable will it damage the board?
My home theater system does not have a mic input. Do i need this if i want to use a microphone?
Can you use the Equalizer that is on Mono mike inputs on sterio inputs 5/6 thu 11/12. (Xenyx 802 has Equalizer usage on sterio inputs 3/4 5/6)
How do I monitor the sound with headphones? Is there a headphone jack?
is there way to be able to plug this into a computer to record?
How many channels can be used at the same time? Planning to use with 7 mics for recording drums. Thanks.
Is this actually a powered mixer?
is this a good mixer for the behringer 215d speakers
I am new at this.. how many in's and how many out's?
All I need is something to plug my condenser mic into, would this work fine or over the top for me?
Also a newcomer here. Will this and most Behringers plug directly into my computer? I would use this for podcasting on a mac using garageband. Thanks
This is a "stand alone" powered amp/mixer? For this price doesn't seem possible . What am I missing?
Is this effects mixer good for Karaoke?
Can you apply the digital effects to just certain inputs like 2 mics, but leave the music alone? I'm looking to upgrade from the 802 without FX.
How can I connect wireless Microphones to this mixer
can i have 3 mics going through this thing at the same time live? will this 1202fx allow 2-3 mics to be active at one time?
unbalanced outputs... Should I worry that the outputs are unbalanced?
What cable do I need to connect this mixer to a powered speakers?
After the main active speakers are connected, can another active or passive speaker be connected to serve as monitor(s) ? Thanks.
can I connect this to a 4000 watt amplifier? If yes, please tell me the cables I should get. Thanks.
1202FX has long echo effect. Does it provide good echo effect as that of other mixers? Is echo effect is also in Behringer 802 mixer?
Will this power the BEHRINGER EUROLIVE B212XL 800-watt passive speakers?
Does this matchup with the Line 6 M9 pedal?
Will this work well as an exterior control for my TC Electronic G-Force? Is it smooth enough for that?
Can I use this with ZOOM multieffects pedal???
using this with a fvb mk1, this should only work as a volume not wah, giving you separate volume and wah control , is this correct?
work with Electro-Harmonix Worm pedal?
Will it work as a second expression pedal with an FBV Express mkII into a Spider IV HD150 head?
Is this pedal compatible with ROLAND keyboards? I would like to use it with a Fantom X7 for a variety of expressions; wah-wah, volume, filter, etc..
Does the Line 6 expression pedal use a TS cable or TRS cable?
Will it work with the Line 6 M13?
Can this be used with the Keith McMillen SoftStep2?
Do all the functions on this pedal work without the hot hand attachment? Do you HAVE to use the hot hand sensor?
Does this pedal come with a power supply&gt;?
Does this product come with a ring?
Has anyone successfully used this between a Win 7 or 8 laptop and POD 2.0
How long is this cable?
Has anybody used this successfully with a Yamaha keyboard and Garageband running Mac Yosemite OS?
where do you get drivers for connection to an apple computer?
Any one Using this with FL Studio? Does it work with FL studio?
Will this work with a Fender&reg; G-DEC 30 Amp that requires upgrades through the MIDI Cables on the Amp to my PC through the Fender&reg; Website?
Does this work with synthesia?
Does anyone know if this will work between a Korg M1 and a PC running WinXP SP3? Thanks?
How exactly does this hook an Ipad to a MIDI keyboard (musical instrument) ? It looks like you need a USB adapter?
Does this work with Windows 8.1 64-bit?
Does the mic have a case?
I got the mic &amp; changed the preferences (MAC) to use the Podcaster but cannot get any sound from the mic.Is there a trick?Is this a dud?
What's in the box besides the microphone? Does it have the USB cable?
What is the difference between the Podcaster and the Procaster ? (Both are same price)
Can you just plug this into a computer or does it need to go through a sound board?
what connector? XLR?
Does this mic come with the shock mount
Would this be a good mic to place in front of a guitar amp for recording? I would like to record some rock guitar with it.
can this be used for live singing performances?
This mic or the AT2035 (which is better for rap vocals)?
Does this come with a hardshell case or bag to store it in?
Would two of these be a good choice for recording a band in a studio?
I have a rode nt1a microphone but I'am not satisfied with how my vocals sound. The microphone pics up a lot of low end in my voice. Would you prefer this mic over the Rode nta1, also I record rap music. thanks
How would this mic work for voice acting in a home studio? How is it compared to an Audio-Technica AT2020USB PLUS Cardioid Condenser USB Mic?
is it a good guitar for a 10 yr old beginner?
Can my son use this with PS3 Rocksmith?
Is this package available for Lefty? I specified left handed in my search &amp; under the Refine Search section..
how many watts is the amp?
Is it 3/4 size?
What is the difference between a starcaster and a stratocaster?
This guitar vs http://www.amazon.com/Dean-Guitars-EV... wich one is better??
How big is it??
is it a left handed
do yall have this kit in left handed
What usb cord will i need?
Does it come with a MIDI cable?
Dunwoody - does this include the music software?
does this come with a usb cord?
Does it have a pendulum? Picture does not show it, if it does.
Hi, the moment my kids start to figure out how to use the metronome, the adjustment weight slid off and got lost in the piano. What to do now?
Where is this product made in?
If i buy this and sent to China, I want to konw what time i can get it and how much for the freight
Is it full size, pendulum?
I was told by my grandson's piano teacher to buy a full size Wittner. Is the 836 Taktell full size?
Hi, just wanted to know what Time Signatures are supported using this Metronome ?
Is it made in Germany as the original? Thanks :-)
Do you need to buy an XLR cable?
What's the minimum set-up I need to buy before I can plug this mic into an amplifier?
does this plug diretly to a soundboard or will i need another power source
Will this mic clip on well to an acoustic guitar? Thanks!
I'm getting this for my husband's saxophone -- can anyone tell me exactly what else I need to get so he can use it right away?
does this plug directly to the soundboard or does it need additional power
Might this mic work ok for a flute as well? Appreciate any feedback...thanks
How does this mic sound with lower brass?
Can this microphone be used with Shure wireless systems? Is there an adapter I can buy to plug this mic into a Shure wireless belt pack?
Is this microphone wireless?
is a cromatic scale ?
do the bells have sharps and flats
what is the difference in hand and desk bells?
what notes ?
have included kick pedal?
have included kick pedal
This picture shows a drum pedal, but I don't see it in any of the written descriptions. Does this come with the pedal?
what functionality does this add to the jamman solo?
Does this pedal have a one-push stop button for the jammansolo xt
Would this swich work witha Roland Cube 40XL?
Would this work with a Johnson Millennium 150 amp?
Can this be used with DIGITECH Vocalist live3.Philip Thomas.Bangalore.India
Can I link this with a regular JamMan unit?
"Auto Record Feature"??? Can I record a loop with this footswitch? Can I then overdub too? I have the JamMan Solo.
Can I use this to simultaneously stop recording an initial loop and start playback and overdubbing (rather than hitting the button twice as fast as possible to end recording and then start overdubbing, and having to worry about accidentally stopping...
Out of curiousity, does anyone know if this will work with the TC Helicon VoiceLive Play?
You make it sound like it can only be used w/ digitech equipment is that true? Or can you use it with other pedals?
Will the item connect from iPhone to Mackie Thump TH-15A to play music clearly?
Can I plug a Shure SM58 into my Macbook with this?
If I have two studio monitors (left and right) and want to connect say a laptop or mp3 player to both of them, would it work with a 1/8" splitter?
This cord is functioning great with my Iphone but won't work with my co-teachers Android phone? Could it be a setting on her phone that needs changed?
Can I connect this to an Audio Technica shotgun mic (battery powered, no worries about 48v) and record to a smartphone?
will it work with facetime on a mac
Does this cable carry a balanced or an unbalanced signal?
I want to connect this a Zoom H4N to record cell phone conversations, would someone be able to hear me talking back to an external mic?
Can use this to connect my laptop to my mixer/amp? I dont have rca to connect and the only way is at the xlr.
Will there be noise if I attach this to a Sennheiser G3 wireless system attached to an H4N /Sony UWP Wireless system attached to an H4N?
What is the size of the drum?
How tall is it?
Is the artwork a letter? What does it mean?
does it fit the ikea rast
What #/head type wood screws do I need to put this in? (Using this in an Ikea Rast cabinet ~3/4 inch walls)
What is the length of these?
Is this the exact sheet music as it is played on the CD? Some reviewers say it is NOT.
is Let it be Christmas included?
How can I see inside this book? I need to see what key a certain song is in.
Can you adjust the tone controls on each channel separately?
Behringer does not have a footswitch for the K1800FX (FOOT SW jack). Any recommendations?
Hello. Can I use this amplifier on 220V electricity?
My wife plays keyboard in a small church,( about 1200 sq. ft.) Will this Amp work well for her?
can you play 6 string guiter on amp
is this product recommended for singers?
Can you connect this to computer to record what's played by multiple keyboards/instruments?
can you add a powered (active) speaker to it ? (Behringer Eurolive B212D)
Does this amp have good bass response for bass synth?
It says: "CD input allows you to play along to your favorite music." What cable do I need to connect my iPod and the amplifier?
could it be used to mix 4 cctv mics?
I would like to listen to music on my phone and listen the sound of my game on pc, through same pair of headphones. Is this possible?
I have a stereo signal coming out of a projector that I want to hook up to a Behringer B812NEO and it only seems to work w/ mono. Would this work?
kareoki
I have for mono instruments and a mono amp would this work?
Does the Behringer MICROMIX MX400 4-Channel Mixer work with a battery or only with the AC adapter?
karaoki
i have a MXL 770 microphone and i want a mixer to help give professional sound . is this mixer wat i need ? i use mixcraft 6
Does anyone have an idea how this unit might be hooked up to a battery source? One would think it would come wish such built it; it just begs for it.
I am looking for a way to connect 3 Behringer ULTRAVOICE XM1800S Dynamic Cardioid Vocal Microphones, plus a 4th microphone (Manufacturer TBD) into a single signal ouitput to then feed into my Canon Vixia camcorder, by way of its 1/8 microphone input...
Can anyone who has this product tell me where the items are made? Amazon info does not list a country of origin.
Is the sound of the xylophone true or off key?
Is this the same xlopohopne that can also be bought seaprately?
how can i find notes for more tunes to play with the Xylaphone?
I read a review which mentioned that a child's finger got stuck and cutted on the Xylophone. Did anyone else encounter this problem? Thanks!
Does it come with a music book for the xylophone?
How big is that drum?
does it come with the extender cord? compatible with M-Audio fast track - cord from the existing headphone jack to amp?
How do I use this with my laptop? I got male extensions but it doesn't seem to be working.
Does this just split the audio, or does it actually "drive" headphones? If so, how many Ohms can it handle?
Does this work on battery? It came up when we searched "battery powered headphone amp" but it doesn't state it has battery...only DC12.
The headphone/input jacks are 1/4" stereo jacks, correct? That seems to be answered tangentially by another question, but just to make it clear.
only need this for my mp3 player and soul by luda headphones to boost volume. already have a 1/4 connector. is thats all thats needed just for music?
Does its power adapter work with 220 Volts? Or it is just 110? Thanks.
I want to use this with the Zoom H6 Recorder. If all four channels are using headphones will all be able to hear the discussion over the headphones?
Will this amp power the Beyerdynamic DT 770 Pro 250ohms?
Will the input drive a microphone (stereo and/or mono) ???
Does it work to record on pc without using the normal amplifier (A peavey 7w, too static noise for record)
Does it work to record on pc without using the normal amplifier (A peavey 7w, too static noise for record)
Will this work with an acoustic bass (not upright - just acoustic) that has a piezo pickup but no preamp?
Can it controll the guitar volume like other volume pedals do?
Will this only work with the Behringer 9v Power supply? I've tried at least 10 9v power supplies I have laying around the house and none of them work.
Where to place behringer pb-100 in effects chain?
Could I plug this straight into a power amp and then that power amp to a speaker? In other words: guitar -&gt; This pre -&gt; Boss poweramp -&gt; Speaker?
What is the input impedance (in ohms)?
I have a cassette deck that doesn't have a mic input. Can this be used to let me record with a mic by plugging this into the cassette deck input?
Can this be passively used to amplify the sound coming from the speakers, if I plug in my headphones into it?
This thing only adds distortion to my acoustic guitar, no matter how I have it set. is it defective?
The LED light is not coming on when I hit the footswitch button. Tried two different fresh batteries. Anything else I need to do?
Will this work as an upright bass preamp? What is its input impedance?
Can the ADI21 be used with a high impedance mic like the Shure PG-48? I would like to avoid actual tubes because this will be used at gigs.
Does this act as a pre-amp? I use a soundhole pickup in my acoustic guitar direct into my PA. non-powered mixer to powered speakers. Won't work.
Does it ship with a power chord?
Does this work as a preamp volume booster ? I'm going back and forth between this and the pb-100. I'm acoustic but my main concern is volume
Includes a motor that can be run with batteries or with a DC power supply (sold Seperately) is the discription. So does everything shown come with thi
so does this get plugged in.... how do you turn it on
How do you attach it to the ceiling? Does it come with colors?
The description states "Includes a pinspot, 4 color gels...". However, a rep replying to a question states they do not...?
does it come with a table mount?
I just received this in the mail and the motor has a plug. I was expecting it to take batteries for ease of hanging. Where do thebatteries go?
How fast (RPM) does the motor spin?
Does the pinspot run on batteries?
Can i mount the ball sideways, so the dots move vertically instead of horizontally?
What batteries dose it take?
I want to feed the headphone signal from my stereo source to this unit and amplify 4 head phones plugged into this unit. Will this unit amplify the head phone signal coming from the head phone jack on the stereo source (stereo receiver) ?
Is the power supply included? And any issues with heat/overheating if used for long periods? Thx!
Can I use this thru the TV?
This looks like a well made amplifier but I was looking at the inputs on the back and it doesn't look like I could use a standard mini plug?
Is it possible to loop input A into input B using the Link Out? I would like Input A into Input B right, and clicktrack in Input B left.
Is there a warranty that comes with the purchase of this product through Amazon?
I have the stereo sony genezi fst-sh2000 but not has a high audio output, so I thought about using this amplier, do will be use it? regards
Does turning one "Phones level" knob change the volume of both left and right channels symultaneously?
whats the input voltage for the power supply
can you supply this with a 240v power supply
Can someone explain? I'm a newbie..So does a preamp make your mic signal louder? So vocals would be louder without Clipping? thank you
Can you connect this direct to pc? What cable please.
Can i use two or more microphones with this preamp? (It has XLR &amp; TSR) If not, can i use a "Y" to get two lapel mikes? (for Canon T3 DSLR camera)
Could I use this in conjunction wtih a compressor/gate and then main mixer? Also, this would be appropriate for a dynamic microphone?
Hello, I wonder is it delivers in Brazil, Campinas - SP - Zip Code: 13064-746 and how much would it cost?
Do the effects apply only to the mic or do they also apply to the line in signal?
phantom power
Can I use the Behringer MA400 to receive stereo sound from my ipod/smart phone then output via the XLR output and into our church audio system XLR in?
Can wireless headphones be used with this amp
Has anyone used this with a DI box in front of this unit and then plug in to this unit? For example, guitar-&gt;di box-&gt;this unit, if so did it work?
Does this serve the same purpose as the Behringer MX400 Micromix 4 Channel Line Mixer in a way if I can get the signal to be stereo? thanks
Stupid question, what would this do for my audio quality?
Whats needed to use this? Just a computer and headphones? (AKG K 240)
I want to know if these would be good for all of my players in my praise and worship band. We play new style of worship.
How well would these work for AKG Q701s?
What cable do I need to connect this unit to the line out of the UA Apollo Twin?
Would this be ideal for boosting the headphone out signal of my Focusrite 2i2?
Is this going to work with a laptop that has Windows 8? Thanks in advance for your attention to this question.
Does this include a fully functioning version of Protools for Mac OS?
Does this come with the software? Bought used Mbox with PT 10, but it's useless without iLok. Do you have iLok?
dose it woork with protools 10??
If I buy used can I still use the software?
How well does it work with Windows 7?
this mbox, come with full protools le 8.0 ? this mbox, come with full protools le 8.0 ?
24bit?
ASIO Driver ?
I want to digitize reel to reel recordings and vinyl LP records. Will this work to input the sound to my laptop?
Can I listen to a "monitor out" stereo signal on the 1/4 output while sending a different "master out" to the RCA lines?
Can I play mp3s in stereo if connected from computer to speakers and amp? I ask because the desription says "two analog mono inputs and outputs."
Is the "phones" jack an output interface? If so, what are the L/R jacks for?
I am looking to improve the output of my laptop to hifi levels into my stero amp and speakers. Will this sound better than the mini jack to rca adaptor?
Is this unit good for dictation to windows PC. I'm looking for long sessions of dictation and easiest conversion any help appreciated. Thanks
Does it have an audio interface? Can I run the audio output from my computer through the usb cable?
I'd like to digitize old microcassettes on a 13" MacbookPro. What cable will connect my old voice recorder to this device (it has a mini jack)?
Hey. How is the metod if I buy the EZ Drumer. download? or FIsical delivery? Than u
I use Sibelius and ProTools to create tracks and Cake Walk to play them on the gig. I am looking for a way to make my midi drum patterns sound "non midi". Is EZDrummer a good choice??
HOw to use EZdrunmmer with Zoom R24
Works EZdrummer on mavericks and yosemite?
Will this work with Reaper software?
Can this be used with Power Tracks and Real Band?
what strings are recommended for the classical backpacker guitar
will guitar support steel stings if I put on at a later time?
Does it come with strings?
Hello, y&acute;m from argentina, my father is gona be in new york this friday, coud be posible to you sent the guitar to the hotel?
This guitar came up from a link to the Martin Backpacker Classic Acoustic-Electric model. Is this in fact the Acoustic-Electric model?
is it include the bag?
How much does the classical Backpacker weigh? I got the steel string and its pretty heavy at 2lb 10.5oz. the classical version has to be lighter.
does this have wheels?
Does this bag have any padding at all?
My keyboard measures 47x17x4 - how will this case fit?
Does this bag work for P155?
What are outside dimensions of this bag?
I am looking for locking tuners for a Telecaster and amazon gave me this listing for this product. Could you tell me if these would work on a it?
Would it be just a drop in replacement for a Mexican Strat?
Will they fit a 2007 American Deluxe Tele?
What bore do these tuners require? Is it a dual bore like Schaller and Grover use?
Are they direct replacements for a 2011 American Special strat? I don't want to drill any new holes. Thanks
My american strat will not stay in tune, even with these and the super-vee bladerunner bridge installed. Any advice? Could it be the nut?
Does this fit Squire Affinity Telecaster?
Are these compatible with a Jaguar?
Will they fit a 1995 American standard stratocaster
will this work on a reissue 72 tele deluxe?
Would you recommend this for live use? Is it sturdy yet light/easy to transport/set-up?
What is the minimum and maximum height adjustment of this stand?
Can second tier be added?
What is maximum width?
What is the minimum width adjustment of this stand?
Does this stand come with a warranty?
Will this stand support my casio with 88 keys?
How easily does it fold up for storage and re-open for use?
Has anyone used this as a standup desk? I have a slab of granite I want to put on top of it at full height (I'm 5 foot 10). Would it work?
I need a shallow profile for my home studio. Does anyone know the depth measurements? Strangely that's not listed anywhere, even by the manufacturer
Does this metronome have a different sound to the downbeats? I see there are 2 possible sounds.
does it have a volume switch? I have a similar question to the violinist because I play the a steinway grand. could it be louder than me?
Is the sound loud to hear while playing violin ? I need a metronome loud enough
My toddler grandson bangs his head to go to sleep. It was suggested to try a metronome. Would it be loud enough?
Is the headphone only mono? I only hear sound in one ear instead of two.
I received the metronome, but it does not count by 1's. It counts by 3's after 60 bpm. Is there some way to make it count by 1's?
what size is this ?
loud enough
Does this metronome also have a light that comes one with each beat?
My daughters teacher said to get a digital metronome. Is this considered digital?
does it have the all the instruction books with it?
What accessories are included when purchased new?
I like to record from my portable PA (JBL EON210P) w/ RCA &amp; 1/4" output. Is this a good recorder or is there other better options?
Does it have a built-in microphone?
can I plug this into my guitar amp
What is the interior length? My 12-string acoustic is 43" long.
Will this fit a Seagull 12 string?
Will this case fit a Alvarez ad60 12 string guitar ? I'm worried about the length of the headstock .
Will this case fit a Breedlove passport d200/smp??
Does the "Martin D12X1AE" 12 string acoustic guitar fits in it ???
does the Takamine GJ72CE-12NAT 12-String Acoustic-Electric Guitar fits in it?
Has anyone purchased one of these cases for an Epiphone DR-212 acoustic guitar? If so, does it fit? Wanted to be sure - Thanks!
Does this thing have any sort of carry handle or strap?
how many watts is it/ ?
does it have a headphone jack
does this work with a mic and harmonica?
HI,Can I plug my tablet or phone into this, &amp; use it as a speaker??....I love the look of it!! :)thanks
what kind of power adapter does it need?
Can this be shipped internationally (New Zealand)?
Do this product comes with the power adapter and the guitar cable for audio??
how tall is it
How is the sound compared to TUSQ? I'm looking for the warmest sound with the best sustain. I don't like bright high tones.
Will these fit the following guitars? Teton cedar STS105NT dreadnought, Seagull S6 Spruce and Martin 00-15M
Will these pins fit a 1974 Martin D-18?
Are these pins fluted? Should I expect that they will properly fit my Martin HD-28?
Has anyone had the same problem as I with this pickup? I bought this pickup brand new from David Gage himself. The pickup lasted for exactly 11 gigs.
The pick-up doesnt need any type of battery to work or continue to function?
All the images show it attached to a violin. Is the product truly transferrable to an acoustic upright bass
how do i install this product ? do i have to drill anything ?
would this amp work too power my (2) 15 inch stage subs ?
could this power an 8x10
can I use it with my JBL 515XT PA speaker as a cab
does this unit come with the Behringer foot pedals?
i have 8 -10's, would this work?
Any problem with the cooling fan?
does I contact Behringer. I purchased this product and the input outlet does not work
What does "INTO 1 x 4 OHMS OR 2 x 8 OHMS" mean?
Would this turn my 19watt to 450?
i purchased this mount and the On Stage Stands MS7701 Tripod Boom Microphone Stand but the threaded end doesnt fit is there an adapter?
will this work with the blue spark digital mic?
will it fit yeti pro mic?
Will this mount accommodate an MXL 550?
Will this work with a MXL 550R Microphone????
Will this work with a Neumann TLM 103? Will this Samson SP01 work with the TLM 103?
ATR2500 USB fits in this bugger right? Finally found a mount that seems to work!
does it fit the rode nt1a and nt2a mics?
dimensions
Will this work with a Studio Projects B1? Is it compatible?
Does it run on batteries? If not, is there a way to make it portable and run without ac/dc wired current?
I have a unit and the #2 OPTION just has a blower without rotating the internal line. Is my unit malfunctioning?
How much of an output of bubbles does it produce?
Which remote will work for it if I dont want to run continously
Can you use regular bubble solution in it or do you have to buy specialty solution from the manufacturer?
This question might not be "kosher"! I want to know if/why Chauvet Bubble Fluid would be better than High Color Bubble Juice. Does it last longer?
Can you adjust the flow of bubbles? Sometimes we need a LOW volume and other times HIGH volume of bubbles..
Can this be used as a foam machine as well?
Could we use this Bubble Machine on a float to shoot bubbles out of a snowblower to look like snow flying out of it?
Is there a way to make bigger bubbles?
I'm a left handed player, can the chord finder be switched to a left handed chord chart?
Can this be used for acoustic guitar?
can you tune 10 string steel guitars using this
does it light up so you can use it at night
What type of battery does it use? Thanks.
Does the tuner show the whole range of notes (A,B,C,D,E,F,G), or just the string names(A,B,D,E,G)?
Is this tuner used for non electric guitars
Hi I have a Kawai ES100, and currently have an X stand but need another one - if I used my Kawai on this stand, does it "sit" on pads? Will this work?
will this work for the Yamaha P-105?
It says its adjustable but from what to what? How narrow to how wide? How low to how tall? and how deep from the wall? I have a 27" long x 9" deep 49keys eMedia starter piano for 7y.o.
I have 36 key Yamaha keyboard. Approx 37 wide. Will this unit fit?
Can i stand and play the keyboard with this?
Can anyone tell me how far this sticks out from the wall?
will this stand work with a Yamaha DGX-650?
Will this stand fit a 88-keys digital piano measured at 3.5 x 50 x 11?
I have a Yamaha YPG-235. Will this stand work well for this piano?
My daughter will need to store this under a dorm bed, is it easy to break down?
the Clip-on microphone does NOT pickup sounds. It works if one holds in front of mouth. Any suggestion?
Does "PYLE-PRO PDWM4400 - 4 Mic VHF Wireless Lavalie/ Headset System" contain 4 Wireless Lavalie surely?
Can I use (2) of these units at the same time (8 singers) and patched to a powered mixer without interfering with each other?
Hobby group looking for way to talk to each other without yelling across the room. Will this system work that way?
Are these microphone are good to sing in church ? And How many microphones can be use at the same time without having feeb back noise?
Hello. I bought this item. But I need two hand-held microphones frequencies A and B. That are compatible with this console. Did you can buy it, how much?
Does this just connect to a speaker system
Why are these ranked #1 in the category "Fishing" ?
what is the difference between slinky and non slinky?
I'm looking for extra strings for my new Les Paul Special II. I'm buing guitar from amazon, it costs $149. Are this strings compatible?
Do all 6 strings come in the "1 pack"?
ok..will these strings work for me? I am just learning, bough Rocksmith, trouble tuning broke a string. I have NO idea what kind to buy, help please
Would the Super Slinky (9-42) be good for a 25.5 inch scale guitar?I want to put them on my Kramer Pacer Classic.
Is an e string part of this package
Do these work on any electric guitar?
Would the "not even" strings be good for drop c and drop b tuning?
The advertised product is for "Skinny Top/Heavy Bottom Slinky Nickel Wound Set (10 - 52)" but I'm seeing an image of 8-38's (Extra Slinky). Why?
Can you adjust each channel (left/right) separately?
I see many mention that they use this for helping hearing loss by using this unit with headphones. My question is how do you use this with headphones?
Can both inputs be used at the same time and if so, are they stereo?
Can it be used in a car?
Will this device work with a Sherwood RX4508 200W AM/FM Stereo Receiver? If so, how would I hook it up?
I would like to intall it in my car is that possible ?
Is it Hard/True Bypss? ie: not coloring tone when Bypass ON?
How can I use this device to equalize my subwoofers?
can i use this between my tube preamplifier and my amp and if so do i need to set it up differently?
so i can connect to my home reciever?does it add alittle more bass
Can i use it for karaoke? I already have a xenyx 802 mixer without the effects processor.
Can I use this with a Behringer Q1202 USB Mixer?
Can this unit change the vocals and instrumentals on prerecorded music(CDs)??
The FEX800 has two modes of operation: mono and stereo. It features balanced 1/4" and XLR inputs and outputs. But the picture only features 1/4'' jack in and out... no XLR, can you make sence of this???
Come with power supply?
How many microphone XLR inputs are there?
Does this unit come with a DC adaptor, and if not, how many volts and milliamps are necessary?
Can I use insert cables to monitor effex while recording? If so, are the effex recorded or can I just monitor the effects? How to patch w/o inserts?
what is the best way to connect this to Behringer Xenyx 802? I want to user both the mixure and effect processor for Karoke.
Versatility? This FEX800 with my existing Behringer 802 mixer, or buy the 1202FX? Unclear if the FX can be limited to mics only for karaoke.
My stylus says OMP 20 on it --- will this one work?
I have a Ortofon OMP cartridge will this stylus fit ?
Will this work with the Rega P1?
will this work with a newmark tt 100 turntable
i have a projekt turntable ,using a 5e, will this fit? cheers john
can i use this as a replacement for the ATN95E (an audio technica cartridge?? have looked, could not find, maybe seller knows?
I have a Dual turntable and the needle says ON 165 E on it. Will this work as a replacement?
I have a Digitrac 380 cartridge and found that the brand was discontinued but these are the new substitutes so would this fit in it?
need to replace the stylus for my OM 10 cartridge...will this work?
How do you clean this stylus
Would This Amp be good for singing in bars? Does it do well with microphones? And what kind of Mic would I need for this amp?
Can I use this amp for Bongos???
Can you plug in an electric guitar as well as use the mike for vocals at the same time, and have them both coming out of the amp at the same time?
What cable will I need to buy for an acoustic/electric guitar?
is it battery powered? i want something i can play in parking lot.
can you play an electric violin through this amp
Can i connect this amp to a laptop to function as a speaker and also connect a mic for karaoke?
can i used it to output my keyboard for sound
Do I need a pre amp along with this amp?
I just received this amp and there is no power cord. Is this normal?
Does the 5' extension unscrews?
Is this weighted enough to hold a Acousti-Shield? Item B006YTZOOS from Amazon
Can i put it on samson go mic??
base weight? thanx!
is it 5 inches with or without the base? What the total height, including the base?
Will this stand accomodate a dynamic mic, like the shure 57/58?
Will this work with a Blue Microphone?
Does this work for a Yamaha P Series P105B piano. And can you tell how much it weighs when boxed. Thanks.
does it work with an on stage two tier addition (ksa 7500)?
Does it work for a Yamaha DGX-640 piano?
Does it work for the Yamaha ypg235?
Would this work with a non-yamaha piano? I have a casio px120
Will this work with PSRE-343?
Does this work for Yamaha P120?
The minimum height is too high for me. Can the bottom and top horizontal bars along the narrower X segment be swapped? Anyone tried that successfully?
How do you get the middle part to unlock to set the height? Am i just missing something really obvious?
I'm a new guitarist, hope you'll pardon my ignorance, but would I need an M-Audio/ sim device to rec to my computer, with this item, Thanks,
Will the line 6 floor pod plus work with the Tascam US-200 audio to PC interface or other sim. device 4 recording to a computer?
Can I plug it into my fender Mustang1 ?
What cable would it need to connect 2 combination ports (1/4 / 3Pin XLR) ?
How many seconds of delay?
Is this case flight safe?
what is the country of origin?
Will a Fender Standard Stratocaster (21 frets) fit?
would a left handed guitar fit correctly
Would an epiphone sg fit in this?
I Have a prs se coustom 24, would this case fit my guitar?
&iquest;A Les Paul Standard would fit?
Is it water proof? I mean if it's raining or something like that?
Will an ESP EC-401 Series guitar fit in this case?
Will a jazzmaster fit in this case?
I have an Epiphone DR-100 which measures 43x5x16 ... I am assuming it will not fit - am I correct?
Will this fit a 40x5x25 guitar?
My bag arrived and I like it, however, is it only one should strap? Or two? Becasue there are two hooks, please advise, thanks.
I have a tambourine - is the pocket big enough for that?
Will it fit or do you have one that fits a 49" Fender acoustic bass dreadnought?
Will this fit my 40x17x5 guitar
Will the Fender DG-60 fit in this bag?
Will my Alvarez AD60CESB Dreadnought Acoustic cutaway Guitar fit well in this bag.
knapsack or shoulder strap
My guitar is 41in. by 16in by 6 in. Stone Case bag was a little too small. Will it fit in this bag?
Do I have to have a humbucker guitar to use this or can I use this with a sigle coil guitar too?
When I put my ebow over my guitar string, no sound is coming! Am I missing something else? I have an electric guitar. Any ideas?
Does it work on Classical Guitars without the need of an amp?
Um... one answer says "We can ship to Brazil;" another says "We do not ship anywhere outside of the United States." So, which is it??
I wonder if you guys sell and ship to Brazil?
send to Brazil? and free shipping?
Did Kurt Cobain use one of these in Unplugged "The Man Who Sold The World"?
Is this the ebow plus ???
Is this an Ebow Plus?
Does it have to be hooked up to anything or can my kids use it to sing along with the radio
can i use this/these mics with a simple GPX Portable DVD CD MP3 Karaoke Boombox 7" Screen?
Besides a power cord, does this come with the cord to hook to the mixer? If not what jack do I need to get on a cord
Is this compatible with a sound bar?
I am looking for a wireless microphone to give my chuch as a gift. Do you think this would be a good choice?
Will this work with the Nady portable speaker system that also has a mike?
I am a DJ and the system I have I use powered speakers will it work with my system
What kind of batteries do the mic's take?
Do any of these DKW-Duo have 183.6 Mhz channel? I have not been able to locate a frequency/channel list.
Is there an Output that would make it work on a Home Audio Receiver?
Do you need to purchase a separate amplifier for these? Also, can the connect right to a lap top?
Is the shipping free on this item.
Hi. Did you receive only one speaker, or a pair?
do i need an amp for these
How can I tell if I need the 479x or 7701? What's the difference?
Does this model have the little black button on the back? What is that button for? I have a drawer full of these broken remotes, some with and without
will it work with the clifford matrix rsx 1.5 ??
Will this work on the matrix 3.5?
My current remote is a model 479v/p/x. I assume this one will work, can you please confirm? Thanks!
How do i program it? I know where the valet button is. Can i program 2 remotes so my wife can have one too? Thanks for any help, -scott
how do you sync it with the present alarm? mine wont lock and unlock my doors after my mechanic did some work
If I want to just add another remote to my already setup. Will this remote work, or will it interfere with my current remote? I will not be replacing.
What size are these picks? Medium or Large?
How many picks are there when you purchase. Is this priced per pick?
I have a bass banjo. It uses bass guitar strings. will these work on it?
Propik makes these in medium and large. Surely there is an "L" or a "M" on them? What size are they?
Has anyone used these for nylon string "classical" guitar? I have tried metal dunlop finger picks but they have a metalic clacky sound when playing.
are they for fingers or can it be used for the thumb too
How many picks in a pack? I didn't see this moderately important information listed in the product description or any reviews.
I want to do some recording for podcast. We will be sitting around a table. Using a mix board and headphones. Do you think these mics would be decent?
What type of amplifier do I need to use with these mics? I just need a mic for lectures, not music.
how does it connect to an amp?
Can I use these without an amplifier?
Can this mic be hooked to a computer USB?
how long do they last before charging them
I'm current have an Powered Speakear, so i don't really have an amp. I only have a mixer, so i wonder if i can buy a XLR to Jack Plug cable for these?
Can this microphone work on any amplifier? What type of cable wires would work on the amplifier to connect to the microphone?
what are the spec fo this Behringer ULTRAVOICE XM1800S Dynamic Cardioid Vocal Microphones,
im going to record guitare in a studio enviroment, will this work
how do you connect this to home AVR or car audio? Heard this was very good for car audio
Will this work with 220v? or is it only 110v?
Check which of the two models is that is selling. which is? DCX2496 or DCX2496LE
Check which of the two models is that is selling. which is? DCX2496 or DCX2496LE
My tube amp only takes analogy input and this only has XLR. Can i just use a XLR to RCA cable or will that degrade and introduce noise?
I'm an audio enthusiast. How this device can help me in my home audio system? I have a Tascam Pro CD player, a Behringer rackeable EQ, a Behringer Cr
I'm an audio enthusiast. How this device can help me in my home audio system? I have a Tascam Pro CD player, a Behringer rackeable EQ, a Behringer Cr
draive rac
What is the pickup pattern? I'm using these in a conference scenario in the crowd. Will I get a lot of ambient pickup?
Can 2 set of these mikes be used together and how much is a lapel mike ad on
how can I get replacement mics and Antennae
Can I prop a guitar with a Gig bag on it?
Can I use this as an autoharp stand? I can't seem to find one specifically for my autoharp and it's always falling over while I'm between songs. Thx.
does it fi ta hollow body electric well
Did you have to bring the instrument in for initial adjustments (set the bridge, etc) or did you just play it out of the box?
Where this violin made in?
What year was this violin made?
It is ok for a tall 9 years old?
One review mentions chair. Does the seat come with the kit or does it need to be purchased separate?
WHAT IS THE RECOMMENDED AGE OF THIS SET??
What size is the bass drum? Other "junior" sets list at 16". Is this the same size for this set?
does it come with 5 drums?
is the whole drum set red? in the picture it looks like it has black pieces.
Will these work if you keep your case standing up or on its side? From the pictures, it looks like they expect you to keep it lying flat on its back.
I want a simple humidifier for the guitar my 10 year old is using so as not to confuse her with lots of xtra. Is this the right one? Simple to use?
Is this only for acoustics or can it be used for electrics also? Would I also use both packets for an electric?
Instructions say you first have to humidify the guitar before using this. Isn't that what this product is supposed to do?
I have an Ovation Elite which has non traditional epaulet sound holes. How could I use this product to humidify my guitar?
is this the newest version, will this fit good in a Grand Auditorium Guitar? Are they easy to take out, Thanks
I actually have two questions. Does this also work for humid tropical climates to avoid rust and mold? Does this also work for electric guitars?
I know it won't fit perfectly, but can I use the humidipak for a tenor ukulele?
will this cause mold or the case to smell musty? I have a soft shell case. something about moisture in a closed off dark area.
Will this be effective for guitars that are over-humidified? I live in the Philippines where it is very humid so I want to know if it works.
What else have you used since this dosen't exist anymore?
How can I get my DMM to work. I downloaded my DMM to a new computer and it will not work. Can I buy a new one?
I had to get a new computer, how do I get my dmm reactivated my Serial # wasYQ4FI-PX8RP
Hi, is this an electric guitar?
Since it's considered as a Acoustic-Electric... How so? I mean Acoustic wise? Does it even sound loud enough to practice? And is a jack for headsets?
Where are these manufactured?
How quick and easy is it to change strings? Need an allen wrench? Can take standard weight elixers?
Does it need a special kind of strings?, or can be regular standard strings.
What is the size of the neck? Is it hard to restring this guitar? Also, I notice that lots of people plug their guitar into an amp. Does it sound okay without an amp? Thanks!
Does this guitar work for the guitar learning game Rocksmith 2014?
What is the best batt powered amp go with this guitar???
Can you replace the string with nylon?
Is an Amp a must? Can you play this guitar with no amp, sing along and still have a good experience? I mean, in the living room.
Im a steel guitar player planning on buying his 1st classical guitar. What is the difference in tension mean please? Any recommendations on brands of
I'm confused... why do "nylon classical guitar strings" say that they're silver-plated??? Are these nylon strings or steel strings??
does this pack contain all 6 strings?
Are light tension strings easier for a beginner to get used to barre chords?
Can I use the light tension for my Rover Nylon String Washburn Travel Guitar
Is the end of the string a ball or a loop?
Have a EJ200 Epiphone. Would like to replace strings. What type of D'Addario strings do I use?
what is a string type for beginners?
friend needs strings for acoustic lead guitar...i dont know anything about purchasing string what type strings should i purchase for the guitar, my friend has been playing the guitar for many years
What does the number under the word light mean? (.12 - .053)
Can these be used for 12 string acoustic? Bought this as a present for dad and turns out his guitar is 12 string?
My son wants poly covered strings? Are these considered poly covered as I don't see anything about that
Are these strings made in China or the USA?
I know these are for acoustic but can i use them on my electric. Will the amp pick it up?
on acustic guitar,wich strings style have a better crystal clear sound?
I need to buy the string #6 for an acoustc guitar. Will this item get me a 6th string?
Music Editing: Is this something I can use to put two musical selections together in bits and pieces?
MixCraft 4 and Windows 7: Will the software run on this?
Is it 64-bit compatible? It states that this is Vista compatible, but is it compatible with the 64-bit version or only the 32-bit version like so many others?
I see that Roland makes a stand for it for $80. but heard a generic mic stand will also work? Anyone have an example they know works?
Does this work well from monitor send on a Peavey PV 10 mixer
any suggestions regarding microphone stands or wired microphones for use with this system?
Does it work for electronic accordions?
What cable do I need to connect it to a Roland RD 150 electric piano? What cord do I need to plug it into 220 volt electricity overseas?
Where is it manufactured?
Has any one hooked two of these together to make a stereo sound? We play harps at small gigs and are looking for a richer sound
Why does Roland offer a cube bass amp with full effects like reverb, but this one for VOCALS has no effects that I can see?
Does it work as an amp?
Can this Handel a base guitar with other instruments
I am thinking of buying this mixer for Karaoke in my home. My music is in my computer which I connect to my big screen TV. How do I hook up this mixer up to get the music to mix with the singer's voice? Thank you for any help you can give me.
how to connecting the mixer to my home theater receiver , my receiver is Onkyo model HTS 3500
My tv is hooked to a surround sound system, my receiver is HDMI. What do I need to hook my macbook pro to the mixer, and the receiver?
I have purchased the Vocopro DA-1000Pro Mixer. When I turn on the mics they make a terrible scratching sound with the least little movement of my hand. I even wrapped the handle of the microphone thinking that would help. It does not. My main mics are...
I bought this mixer, but somehow the microphone connector XLR Female to 1/4inch TRS Male 16AWG not working. I don't know what specs i shud look at.
can i pair this mixer to vocopro HV1200
Can I use both tv and mic as input and use my powered speakers as output? I want to use the youtube on my tv for karaoke.
I have a voco pro 5800 4 wireless mic unit that i connect with 1 1/4 input to my main mixer. Can I connect it tovoco pro wirelss unit to this DA1000
I see that this mixer does not have reverb. Does the digital echo give similar sound effects to reverb?
I purchased this and the Behringer ULTRAVOICE XM1800S microphones. Music works great, but the Mics do nothing. Am I using the wrong kind?
One of the reviews says that this unit can adjust the pitch. Is this true?
what does this machined do? does it also provide music from cd?
I need help which cable do I need to connect this amplifier to Speaker Gemini Audio DJ RS-308 which has speakon jack only on the back?
Size?
does it come with a capacitor? if yes what size?
This potenciometer are logaritmic or linear?
this is 1/4"?
what is the rating of the capacitor that comes with this?
Dear, is it log ou linear?
PLEASE, How do you TURN OFF THE BASS LINES? Im trying to record and have my own bass lines I want to add.
how are the bass patterns ???? useable or chezzy
Will any foot switch work for basic on/off function? Yamaha, Roland ect...
Is it possible to save patterns and songs to an external device? It would be depressing to build songs and lose them all to a crash.
Can i plug it into my mac and record the beats
does it have a bossa nova beat?
When I hook it up to a guitar amp I get no sound. What could be wrong? Thanks
does this machine have a preset polka and waltz beat and dows it have a bass fiddle sound that goesw along with the drum beat
just purchased the zoom rt-223 but when the unit arrived it was a zoom rt-123 with ac adapter included..confused on the difference
Will this allow me to plug in a aquistic guitar and mic?
i need a tweeter for mine, where can i get one
what are dimentions and weight ?
What is the length and the height of this saddle ? Thanks !
It would be very nice to list dimensions in milimiters. What are the dimensions?
I put this item in my cart and about a half hour later the price changed to include shipping.. costing me a couple bucks more but still what gives?
Will this work with the 00-15M model of Martin?
franciscan
Will this work for a Epiphone DR-100?
Will this work on the martin gpcpa5?
What color are these saddles? I bought some recently that were called "white" but really look grey next to the white binding. Ivory would also be OK.
Will it work on a fender electroacoustic? It is not the same shape as the fender originals you know, but it may fit perfectly anyway.
Will this work with the DM-12 12 string?
Recording King ROS-627 - a 000-style guitar. Do you think this saddle would be a good addition to it? Currently has uncompensated, bone bridge.
I have a Takamine EF341...said to be copied from Martin...I've owned it since '95 and have no intention to ever sell it. Will this bridge work for me?
Which strings are compensated?
Hi, I have a Epiphone EJ160E John Lennon Acoustic Electric, witch saddle should i buy for this guitar? Thanks.
will this saddle work with a Yamaha fg700s
I have Seagull S6 original, what saddle is the most fit? thank you
Will this saddle work on the Epiphone Hummingbird acoustic?
Are the Product Dimensions listed correct? 5.3 x 5 x 0.8 inches doesn't make sense.
Will this work for the Takamine EG531SC?
I'm looking for TUSQ saddles &amp; nuts for a Martin 00-15M and a Teton STS105NT (cedar top mahogany sides back neck dreadnought)..,which models please?
Am I able to speed up or slow down music with this?
Is this better than the BCD2000? Can't find a precise answer on the specs. Thought 3000 should be better than 2000 but its cheaper so I dont know :/
Is this system compatible with window 7?
Is it compatable, or is there any way to make it work with Windows 8?
Is this better than the BCD2000? Can't find a precise answer on the specs. Thought 3000 should be better than 2000 but its cheaper so I dont know :/
the short description says it's for steel string guitars. the long description says steel or nylon. do you have an opinion on this for nylon string?
How do you install this?
Is this a good option for a big guitar such as a Martin HD28V? I am under the impression that this is for smaller guitars.
would this pick up be installable on an arch top with f holes ?
Where does this pick- up mount in the guitar or on the bridge.
I want a pickup for my Baby Taylor... Will this do the trick?
when I install this into my Taylor GS Mini, I want to be able to control volume. With guitar pickups, do you just use regular guitar cables? Like GLS?
Does anyone know whether this pickup would work with an audio interface instead of a straight up preamp? I have the focusrite 2i4.
First guitar pickup - This doesn't seem to have and on and off switch in the pictures. Is the pickup always on? no volume changer?
Can I still use a guitar strap where the plug goes?
I have a Guild D 50. Will it fit?
wwill a martin dx1 fit in this case?
Will a martin HD-28 fit this case?
I'm new to the guitar world, but am currently taking lessons. I bought a Fender acoustic (not sure what model), so would it fit well in this case?
I have a Takamine G Series CLH340, will this case fit?
I have a martin GPCPA5K, will this case fit?
Will this case fit a Breedlove passport d200/smp??
Will it fit my Yamaha CG 182S?
Will a Modern Players Fender Jaguar fit in this case?
what is the country of origin of this case?
Will this fit a seven string schecter? have a 6 string diamond series C1 but want a seven string Diamond series C1 off craigslist
Will it fit a Gibson SG? Thanks!
will my esp ltd ec 1000 deluxe left handed fit on this case ?
will my esp ltd ec1000 deluxe left handed fit on this case ?
does this case can fit on a esp ltd ec1000 lefthanded deluxe model ?
does this case can fit on a esp ltd ec1000 lefthanded deluxe model ?
Will my les paul standerd fit this case?
Will this fit a PRS SE 245?
Can the width be adjusted (fold it halfway)? It's for my NS / Stick.
Will my 3-inch thick archtop guitar fit into the electric guitar stand?
follow-up: Is it ok for use as a permanent stand and not just for gigging?
safe for my fender P bass?
Could I use a Mini-Phone (3.5mm) Male to 2 XLR Male Y-Cable to connect my laptop to the speaker to watch movies outdoors?
Hi these speakers are active and bring the two wires
How much does it weigh?
Does this have a power consumption of 110 to 240v
Monitor for both my keyboard and vocals? Can I plug both my Yamaha S90 and Microphone and mix as my monitor?
can be shipped to Saudi Arabia ?
I am the one asking about mounting it to the ceiling. I am looking for a church speaker that is a powered amplifer that can be hung from the ceiling.
Would I be able to mount this to the ceiling?
Hi Buddy, I know you only ship to USA, but would you make an exception for Montreal, Canada? Thank you
Hello, how much is postage to Singapore. Thanks.
Hi, I really interest in this case, and my guitar's size is 42x15x5, do you know if it fit this case?
Would this fit G&amp;L s500? It seems that it is longer than fender strats..
Will this guitar case fit an Ibanez RG series guitar properly?
will this fit my epiphone les paul tribute plus?
Does a Fender Starcaster Semi-Hollowbody Electric Guitar fit in this case?
will this fit my parker pdf30?
Hello, I am not sure if this case is available for my guitar? It is a Squier by Fender Vintage Modified Jaguar Electric Guitar
I want a lightweight Gator case for my Fender Telecaster. Which one do I need?
does this case have backpack straps?
Is it water proof? I mean if it's raining or something like that?
Is it true that different copies have significantly different colors?
where was this guitar manufactured?
How much does actually it weigh?
Does this guitar take regular guitar strings?
Will this be accepted as carry-on item on commercial airlines?
can it be taken as a carry on for air travel?
How long will this guitar last? Is it durable? Easy to tune, and begginer friendly?
What is the difference between this and the 44 dollar one?
Does this come with the soft case
Is it wired for sound electronically?
Won't work on Mac w/ OS X 10.7.5 &amp; GarageBand 11. Orange light comes on signaling USB connection. Edited preferences in GB properly. What do I do?
I want to use an external mic with my Logitech C510 webcam. Can I use this device to accomplish the job?
It has any problem with windows 8.1?
Latency: is anybody getting low latency through DAW software with an amp sim?
Does this use WASAPI?
Will it work with Presonus progression2 guitar notation software?
How were i to hook up an amp to this? Would i from the line out on my amp to a DI box to this?
Just received today. plugged it in a good USB port but usb light does not light up. ???
ableton
I'm new to guitar and just wanted to use this, instead of an amp, for practicing. Instead of moving my amp when I change rooms. Will this work?
Would this be good for my granddaughter who likes to sing, I thought she could record herself and play back. Is this what I need?
Is it compatible for Windows 7 &amp; 8?
Would I be able to use 2 mics?
Are you able to plug external speakers in?
would this set up work well for recording an audio book?
can i use 4 mics
If I wanted to have a podcast with two people talking, what else would I need? Another mic, headset, y adaptor? Are they sold separately?
would you recomend this for rapping
which laptop would best accompany this?
can you use this to make beats
Is it 100% analog or is there digital circuitry/modelling?
how do I operate this unit with phantom power so I don't have dissassemble to install a 9v battery? do I need a speacial cable ???/
Does it have two XLR ports? One of them male, and one of them female? Or is it something similar to the Nady Dual Microphone preamp?
Would these fit in an epiphone les paul traditional pro?
Hi do u have these in chrome? Thanks Joe
Will these fit on a 2009 Gibson Les Paul Traditional?
Is this the price for a set of 6, 3 left and 3 right? (Other ads for tuners clearly state that, and I don't see it in the ad here.)
Will these fit a 1994 Epiphone LP Standard without modifications?
Is this tuner for accoustic guitars ?
is the button cream color or green?
Because your description is ambiguous Can THE SELLER ANSWER are these 3 left and 3 right? Any idea if they will fit a SG special?
How many tuners come?
will these work on a Gibson EDS 1275?
Does this come with a stand?
You show black one mounted on stand and silver without stand? Does silver Mic comes without stand ?
Does this have a headphone jack?
I'm looking for a good mic to mostly chat with friends, and perhaps recording some videos. Would this be a good choice?
How do you clean the grill?
Can you connect two mic at the same time to the same pc?
does this have the usb cable
good morning this microphone comes with accessories, as they are the basis for placement and USB Cable?
Would this microphone work on a ps4?
how long is the usb cord on the mic?
i wanna know if its the pair you got for that price ?
this is a pair or one speakers ?
does anyone know the voltage of this product...Is just 110V or 110-220? Thanks in advance...
voltage
i wanna know if its a pair or single monitor ?
I too would like to know if this is a pair or single monitor. please help us out!
how many watts RMS ?
I have KLH, rated 250 w, speakers, can they handle this amp.
what is the best type of pre amp to hook up to this?
Would this be too much to power a pair of cerwin vega xls 28s? And will an old sony reciever work with this as a pre amp?
Is the price listed each, or per pair?
are these 100watts per speaker or 50 watts per speaker.
I bought these speakers, but however all I have are the speakers. What else do I need to get these to play sound from my computer?
What are the physical dimensions of these speakers? height by width by depth (in inches) please. I can't find it in any of the specs. Thanks!
Where is it made?
I have only been playing a harmonica a year or so, what does it mean to bend a note and how do you bent a note?
I'm wondering if this is worth spending $37 bucks on for a complete beginner? (Like 2-3 hours total play on a Hohner Bluesband)
who did this Harmonica come from? I would like to place another order to them
what material is the comb made from
Does the Lee Oskar 1910-C Harmonica come with a carrying case or bag?
For a beginner &gt; blues&gt; is lee oskar have any advantage over Hohner special 20?
what is difference between LO Diatonic and Melody maker harmonicas?
Harmonica Newbie: Can someone please answer what may be a dumb question?
Is there a secret to getting the Direct Out working through a Yamaha LS9-32 digital mixing console? Channel and cable are verified to be working.
WILL THIS HEAD RUN 2 SETS OF 4ohm SPEAKERS ?
I have a Hartke HA2500 amp head (new to Hartke, had GK800RB before) But I love it- my question is, and I have looked on the specs- but cannoit seem to get a definitive anser. Can you run the HA2500 with two 8 ohm cabinest (4x10 and 1x15)?
What is the best cabinet to match with this head for small to medium clubs, pool parties, school gym or maybe small outdoor pavilion?
Could this drive TWO of the Hartke 210XL Bass Guitar Amplifier 2x10 Cabinets?
Will this work, out of the box on its own? Or do I need to purchase an amp. This is for a 4 year old and 6 year old as a toy
what is the height minimum and maximum? Does the height adjust?
Does the size of the mic stand is suitable for condenser microphone M7 presonus too?
HI. I am looking at amps. Will this amp work for this product?: Danelectro N10B Honey Tone Mini Amp in Burgundy
What amp should I buy to use this microphone for singing?
Can i connect this microphone to my piano keyboard?
Would I need an amp if I am plugging this into a karaoke machine?
Is an adapter neededwith the amp and mic
I'd like to is this with a CD Radio Cassette recorder that has a mini-jack input? Can I do that in place of an amp?What type of connector?
Is this height adjustable? If so, what the lowest it can be? Thanks
What is the actual size of the xylophone?
Are the bars metal?
are the metal pieces removable?
Can this be mounted to the wall?
Missing songbook? I purchased this for my son for Christmas and did not find a book.
is this item made in germany?
Why do some of the answers say that the bars are not marked when the picture clearly shows the bars are stamped going from a C to an F?
Do the notes include an F sharp and a B flat?
what key is the xylophone in?
What songs are in the book'?
Hi are these 110 y 220 V ??
these are the HS50m and not the HS5 right?
is it paired monitors for? 187??? if not if you buy two single would they work as left n right monitors?
is it in pairs and is it an active monitor?
is it an active monitor/
sub
What is the difference between the Yamaha HS5's and HS50m? Which one is the newest?
Does this speaker do well with the Yamaha Piaggero NP131?
How many speakears are? This is a set of or only is one speaker?
I'd like to consider protecting the 8" white polypropylene cone with a speaker grille. Have Yamaha considered this? How easy wd it be to attach?
it's only one monitor studio?
Can the hs80 speaker accept 240V power supply?
Is this priced per monitor or per pair?
I have a huge desk top and was wondering how these are for computer speakers using a DAC?
What is the difference between this model and the plain, old HS8? Yamaha has both on their web site. Specs seem the same.
Can a woofer go along with these, or would they be better alone?
how do you put a strap on this guitar
Is this guitar smaller than a regular clasic size?
Does it matter whether someone is left handed? Saw the question &amp; never thought of it?
Did you find the DVD helpful?
does it come with pics
Can you tell me what is the Valencia Model # for this guitar? Thanks!
It does come with the bag, right?
I'm looking for a guitar that I can use for traveling and I wouldn't mind getting a bit beat up. Is this a good guitar for that?
Is this a left handed guitar?
Does this guitar have 3 nylon and 3 steel strings, or is it entirely nylon stringed? The Rondo website indicates just nylon strings for the same item?
8 months later the sound on my dm50 stays really low. changed batteries and same thing.
Anyone know how well this would work for training a Piaffe?
What is the difference between Seiko DM50 and DM50S? Thanks
Several reviews stated that the battery cover is difficult to access. Are other owners having difficulty changing the battery?
Does an XLR female or male plug into the mic itself?
Does it come with the XLR cord?
Phantom power required ?
I heard this can record through the Bose L1. Is this true?
Can Bost T1 ToneMatch supply the phantom power (48 Vdc &plusmn; 4 Vdc) required by a Shure KSM9 mic? Anyone please!
Hi guys, I am getting ready to retire from military service and I want to make a onetime purchase of a PA system to go along with my Martin D-35 guitar for the purpose of playing and singing for my friends and small restaurants. Would you suggest the...
Does it have phantom power?
Just curious. Doesn't standing in front of this setup when you need to project to a bigger audience make it uncomfortably loud?
does this come with the power cable and audio cable to the l1 modular.
i lost the plastic protective cover that goes on top of the toneport. Any ideas where to find a new one?
Can I take toneMatch to a country where voltage is different than U.S. and use a different power supply appropriate for that country?
I already own a mixer. Do I have to get rid of that mixer or can I add the tonematch to it? Then how do I do that?
Can you use a flash drive to play music in between sets?
I just got this fog machine but there were no instructions. Is there a website I can go to for answers? Type of juice, cleaning etc.
How much fog juice is needed to fill the tank?
What is the wattage for the machine?
Can you use this inside?
Is there a remote control available for this unit Ground Fogger Machine Pkg/1 that can be purchase separately...
How long can I expect these to maintain quality of sound? I know I can get 5 years of solid use out of a Share SM58 (small concert venue).
Does this mic come with a cord?
is it wirelss?
What are the build materials of this item? Plastic? Metal? Thank you.
Can you plug this into a window 7 computer
Will this work plugged directly into a mixer?
Can I use XLR Male to RCA cable to connect it my home theather. If possible, where the mic will get power from, is there a battery?
Do I have to buy a separate speaker system?
Will this directly work with mac garage band or do you need a pre-amp and does it need a usb cable?
Is this thing capable of making the guitar sound Djenty, i.e After The Burial, Volumes, Veil of Maya?
Does this thing actually have good tone like the pod 2.0?
Could this be used with a clip on acoustic pickup (eg HDE) and with a small portable speaker?
Can this be powered by the USB plug in to the computer?
Can I make the sound output through my computer speakers? From plugging the speakers (1/8th in plug) into the output of this thing?
Can you use it with a looper (like the Boss RC-30) ?
Can this item be used as a preamp to play the guitar thru my computer?
Does this simulate alternate tunnings? Say I want to play a song that is drop A, but I don't want to have to fight my guitar to get it there.
Line 6 Pocket Pod vs Guitar Pod: Can somebody lightening me the differences between Pocket Pod vs.
Can I play bass through it?
I would like to know if this supports 220v. I know the Visual Sound website indicates this supports international voltages but i wanna make sure
Can I place a Multi-Plug 5 cable at the end of the 8 plug cable?
Do I need to remove the regular disposable batteries i have been using on my pedals so far?
i would like to know if this combo pack can power a Digitech Whammy 5 and a Line 6 JM4 Looper at the same time?
Does it support up to 1700 mA total or per pedal?
Would this power supply work for a morley classic wah pedal?
Will this power supply work on my Digitech DSB and or my cheap Joyo pedals? Thank you
Will this work on Australia's 240v mains power?
How long is the daisy chain cable and what is the distance between the connectors?
Hi, i am interested in buying the above, but i am currently in australia. is the product available with an australian power adapter?
The cable is resistant and long lasting?
How durable are the cable?
Im sorry for my ignorance. I know it says Mic Cable. Can this be used as a 1/4" instrument/ Speaker cable? with the proper connections.
what is the outer jacket outside diameter?
Can this cable be substituted for 6 core microphone snake cable? If not where can I purchase 180 feet 6 core microphone snake cable.
can i use this for sound and lightning alike?
Is this cable 2 or 3 conductors?
Gauge: What gauge is the wire?
Hi there, is this cable twisted pair? Thanks!
could i hook this into my mixer if so what type of cable would I need and how would i do it
I would like to know if I can use the A/B input/output for a mono signal in (one cable) and a stereo out (two cables)?
Does this have a headphones jack?
Does this pedal have echo on it too?
new to effects pedals-what are the in-a, in-b and out-a out-b jacks used for?
Have you tried this pedal on a bass guitar?
Where does the 9V battery go? Can't seem to find where it goes.
does it cause hum
Is there a way of inverting the sustain? On my Korg Vintage Stage piano, it sustains when I don't press down.
Does the pedal "click" when using it? (the metal against the base?)
What is the polarity of this pedal?
Will this sustain pedal work on the Korg DW-8000 keyboards?
does it work with Korg N264
i have short fingers, will i be able to play this guitar?
Would this be a good beginner choice for my 13 year old daughter? She is an accomplished piano player and begging for a guitar.
left handed
What is the difference in playing between a Seagull S6 and a Seagull S6 slim? I'm a beginner and I don't know which one is better for me.
Guitar Cases: Also, this may be a REALLY dumb question, but can anyone recommend a good case for the Seagull S6?
what is benefit of shorter scale? I'm tall and long arms. Is this wider at nut than most? Barre chords and hard to reach chords doable? tone ok 4 rock
What are the dimensions for the width of the neck? Thank you, Janet
Is the Scale 25.5 or 24.84?
does the guitar come with the case
best guitar for a 16 year old girl never played before
Do you guys think this would hold up on an international flight?
I have a Yamaha P-105B 88 Key Digital Piano Keyboard - will it fit in this case? Please advise, thanks
Will a Korg sp280 fit in this case?
Do you think it will suit privia casio px 150? I really want to buy but i do not know if it will fit
Do you think it will suit privia casio px 150? I really want to buy but i do not know if it will fit
Will a Korg Krome of 88 keys fit?
Will this fit a Nord Stage 2 88/Nord Piano 2 88?
Will my Yamaha MOX8 Fit in this case?
Will the Yamaha P-155 88-key Fit in this case?
Hey i have a motif xf8 would this case work or which one i go with?
Use on a laptop?
Can you use two or more of these at the same time without interference?
can use this to interview people
Can it connected asio CTK2300 61 Key Portable Personal Keyboard?
Will this work the Plye Pro PWMA230 Wireless PA System?
I see many reviews from the 2013/early2014 stating that the cables are not GLS but actually Talent. Are they still being shipped out as such?
I buy this because I saw that had the same input and output, please can guide me on this
then what is the type of cable that can be used to connect a speaker to the other, the brand of the horn is professional Edison.
Can i use this cable to connect speaker to speaker?
Can i use this cable to connect speaker to speaker?
Can i use this cable to connect speaker to speaker?
Is this compatible with a phantom-powered microphone (Audio-Technica AT875R Short Shotgun Microphone)?
Is it the same microphone model Beatbox battle uses? :D
is it made in China?
Does this one come with on/off switch ?
Do I need a cord or anything else to use this mic?
Is it a D5 or P5? It appears you have a P5 for the exact price in your company website
What is the difference between the AKGD5 and the AKGD5S?
What is the difference between the AKGD5 and the AKGD5S?
How is this mic for filtering out ambient noise?
I'm a newbie, pardon my Q! Can I use this to DJ with my laptop and hear what I'm going to play etc.
Does this multi channel audio interface work with the Numark Mix Track II (not the pro)? Because based on the wiring it seems like it doesn't?
Does this item work with windows 8?
This working with Traktor X1 MkII and traktor Pro software?
I'm a DJ and a karaoke host. Would I be able to use this for karaoke? If so, would it improve the sound?
Does it come with the RCA's ?
How long will shipping take to New Zealand please?
dose it work with Windows 8 or 8.1?
do u connect turntables to this ?
UK Delivery: Do you ship to the UK?
is this fit for air travel?
How well will this case protect my son's guitar?
Is there a shoulder strap?
How do I know if this will fit my guitar? Nothing on here says anything about the size?
Will it fit a Yamaha FS700s?
Will a 41" guitar fit in this guitar?
Does it have a neck strap inside to keep the headstock centered (avoid de-tuning)
Anyone think this will fit an ovation?
I have an Epiphone DR-100 which measures 43x5x16 ... I am assuming it will not fit - am I correct?
did the cables come with thes set up
does all the controller cables and foot controller cables and power cables come with this light kit
Do you need a contoller for these lights or can you just plug them in?
Has anyone ACTUALLY hooked up mor than 10 pads to this and it worked? Is it possible to hook up 15-20 DIFFERENT pads/triggers using TRS cables?
Is every trigger stereo? i.e. are there 20 total trigger input channels, or are they mono, i.e. there are 10 total input channels?
I'm trying to trigger my acoustic bass drum. have the trigger and ever thing plugged in to my pa. how do I set it up. it has midi output but my pa doe
how do I hook this up to an acoustic bass drum to trigger it. I have the trigger. and I can't figure out how to run this into my pa to get sound.
I am new to the drumming world.i have a pylepro2 now.would this allow me to have more kits? is bfd software any good?
Do you need a special sound card? Would an onboard sound card work for this?
Do these effect the quality of the sound in any way?
How do you attach the 22" bass drum pad? Velcro, tape or some other mechanism? Can you estimate how much these pads dampen the sound? Thanks.
Does it come with 2 for the hi-hats (1 for top and bottom)? Or do the hats have to stay closed the whole time for it to work?
Are these actual drums ?
is this a complete drum set
how big
Is assembly required
Can people in the next room bear the sound?
What size cymbals do the cymbal mutes fit?
Is your Boom wobbly when you put it in the desk clamp? It has too much room in the mounting hole, it wobbles from side to side, is that normal?
I cannot clamp it to the type of desk I use. I have 3/8" &amp; 5/8" hole in my desk, can I mount it in one of these holes without using the clamp?
I received my Heil Sound PL-2T as new, and it seemed to have been used/worn and it did not come with a clamp? Its suppose to come with clamp right?
How long is the distance from the bottom of the mount to the mic mount? I would like an exact measurement...
What's the minimum length if I want to route the XLR cable along the boom's arm? My Focusrite will be less than a foot from that...
Could this stand hold big mics like an nta1 or sm7b without drooping, or moving on its own?
Does the Heil Sound PL-2T Overhead Broadcast Boom fit the Blue Yeti?
can it hold a audio technica at2020+ and a samson sp01 spider shock mount with some cables too?
is there a way not to screw it, but just like make it stand? any ideas? i dont want to screw it onto my desk or anything.
do you have to screw this stand onto a table? or can it stand by itself?
What chip is used in these new re-issues?
how much it REALLY takes to arrive to NYC??
does it come with cords
Does this item have a warranty? Mine has quit working after only 9 months. Sometimes it will come on and work okay but then I can't turn it off.
True bypass? TIA
What is the main sound difference between the TS9 and the TS-808? I play primarily a hollow body electric through a Fender Vibroverb tube amp.
Will it fit a Technics SL-BD25 turntable?
hi, I have ION Pure LP, This fit ok with this model?
How long do these needles last? I have digitized about 35 albums so far and it still seems fine. Also, do they install by just sliding out the old?
I have an ion profile LP USB Turntable. I cannot find a model number on it or the box or the manual. Will this fit? It looks similar.
If I need to replace the entire artridge, does that product come with instructions on how to do it?
will these fit the ion ipt-01 portable tuntable
will this work for the ion classic LP?
Will these work on the Ion Audio - iLP?
Will this fit a DC Servo automatic turntable system SL-DB26? We're new to this stuff. Thanks.
Does this needle work for remastered records?
What kind of more affordable speakers would work with this?
Does it come with a stand and sustain pedal?
Is there a transpose function?
Does this have a music stand?
I need to find the converter for this piano so I can hook it up to an amp/speaker. Does anyone know where I might find that?
Does the cp33 have ability to set modulation to change key?
digital piano into antique piano case: Does anyone have experience with putting a digital piano into an antique upright piano case (the original piano is "toast", but the case is beautiful)?
On baby taylor guitars can you purchase replacement strings?
Does that bridge really break very easily like some websites say? Is this a well-built guitar that will last a long time if well cared? thx
it comes with nylon or steel strings?
does it come with nylon or steel strings?
Is this a right handed guitar?
where is this guiitar made?
What about the strings? Are they steel or nylon????? The pix looks like nylon, but ya never know...
Does it have built in tuner?
who made this guitar..Oscar smith or washburn ?
What is the warranty? Any good string suggestions for the best sound?
what is the height of the guitar in inches?
Is this a solid spruce top ? And is there a truss rod ?
Is this parlour size?? Is it good for a beginner?
does the guitar come with a pickguard?? Can anyone who bought a seagull off of amazon tell me if this guitar comes with a pickguard?
Is this an electro acoustic guitar or a normal acoustic guitar?
How's the action, from 1 to 10, really how tight is it? 10 being like Clapton's Fender?
Are there any accessories come with this guitar? And is this size of a guitar allowed to be taken on a flight? nd a
I need a sturdy airline travel case. Gewa by preference. Can you recommend a model that would fit this guitar?
Does the Entourage use a bolted neck connection, similar to Taylor and some others?
Are they good as near-field studio monitors for home studio? Do they work with Denon DRA 500ae receiver?
Can I plug these into a computer headphone jack with an 1/8" cable (after powering with an amplifier)?
Do these come with wall mounts in the box?
These speakers came without cables. what kind of cables do i need in order to connect the to an interface and how do i do it? thank you in advance.
Do you have a sobwoofer to mach a similar JBL speaker as the one above
Can I use JBL Control 1 Pro (4 ohms) as front L/R speakers in a home theater (Sony BDV-E770W), with uses 100W, 3 ohms, Sony full-range speakers ?
Would it make sense to bounce these off the wall/ceiling, to get better dispersion in a small, relatively sonically active theater space?
are these just speakers? I ordered them and there is no way to plug them into a midi.
Are the grills included with the speakers?
Would this amp work well? http://www.amazon.com/Pyle-PCA3-150-W...
What is the frequency range of this monitor? Thank you!
Support this monitors 220v ?
sorry friend, I wonder if this price includes only 1 or 2 monitors? thanks
Is it for the price of one monitor or one pair of monitors?
The dimensions state the kit is 24x10x10. That seems short considering the recommended UP197 stool is 26x13x16. What are the true dimensions?
Is the kick drum pad wide enough to use a double-kick pedal?
I don't see the music stand that attaches to the practice set. Are you sold out?
pedal included?
Will this work as an expression pedal with the Line 6 M13? Is a "volume pedal" the same thing as an "expression pedal"?
Is this a continuous control pedal?
does Yamaha FC7 go with Orla products?
Will this work with a ground control pro?
Would this petal work with a single antenna Theremin?
Does this item work on the Yamaha DGX-230 and/or YPG-235
Will this work as a volume control with my Korg keyboard?
Can I use this for guitar
what can this product do?
can it change rythems
Playing LP... If you hook this record player up to your computer using the USB connection, can you simply play your record and listen to it through your computer speakers?
MP3 or conventional CDs: Is it possible to make conventional CDs as well as convert the vinyl to MP3s?
How do I seperate tracks ? When I play a record do I need to lift/pause after each track and "tag" or what?
need to upload to ebay: Hi-I need to upload a 45 record to ebay-is this the way to go?
Replacing the USB cable: Has anyone replaced their cable with success?
I have no plans to do any transfers to CD,..or Anything Else but listen to my vinyl..So, how does it Sound?
Without an Anti-Skate, how can this 'table handle anything but super-flat records?
how do i get rid of ground hum
Since I am Classical Music Lover, only interested in playing my vinyl, no transfers to CD,might I get better sound elsewhere?
Are there instructions for using this turntable with mac that do not include PC stuf that just confuses me?
noise
guitar
are these headphones over ear and are they comfortable?
will the headphone jack fit all ipods/iphones? and are these specifically made for dj's?
does it the headphone jack fit with iphone 5 otterbox?
what is difference
Should I get the straight or coiled cable for my 16 year old son who will be using it with his touch IPOD?
Will these headphones last over a year with everyday use? My last few earbuds have only lasted 2-3 months and im looking for a long term pair of great sounding headphones.
Can I make calls ?
Do they work as noise-cancelling for air travel?
Any recommendations for accessories? mainly a pop filter.
How long is the cord?
Compatible with Mac?
Can you use it with your computers speakers to amplify? Or does it just record?
does this work on youtube
Is there any difference preformance wise between the special black edition and the silver? Or is it just a cosmetic difference?
Will this mic work well with Windows 8?
This is only a recording or I can talk to friends on skype?
Compatible with Windows 7?
Will it work with Dragon?
does it come with a strap?
What is the top of this guitar made of please?
Is the action high?
Does this have a dovetail neck joint or a bolt on type?
What is the overall body length?
Does it look like the picture? Is is light average or heavy weight?
What is the width if the nut and fretboard please?
What is the size of the guitar folk, parlor, other???
Does this guitar have a solid top, back, and sides. Also are the strings steel or nylon.
does this come in a left hand version?
can you connect a laptop to this amplifier? and if so how?
can you use a laptop computer and cd player with this item and what kind of cables would I need
Can you connect a headphone to this mixer to be able to listen to the mix, and if so, where do you connect your phones?
Had it with pair of BR15s. I can listen to music nicely but for doing karaoke, I don't hear much echo voice,did select Karaoke echo. Any suggestion?
can you connect powered speakers (and what wattage) along with non powered speakers together? Will using both kinds of speakers damage unit?
Where do you hook a Powered Subwoofer to supplement the low end?
Weird output scheme (one speakon, one quarter inch) for the mains and monitors, can you run 2 mains and 2 monitors without having to daisy chain?
Can a small MP3 (like sandisk) player be hooked up directly to this? Is the input line sensitive enough to pick it up well, or does it need a pre-amp
Why does this mixer have the option to use monitor out on the back (speaker port) and a monitor out on the front?
how many speakers can you run in stereo mode? ex. can you run 4 8ohm speakers making the load 4 ohms?
how does it work with a DAW?
What's the difference between the Yamaha DD-65 MM Portable Digital Drum Kit and Yamaha DD65 PAK Electronic Drum Pad
is there a way to record or play live, like a line out or something of that nature? or is there just a headphone out?
What's the headphone converter I should purchase?
here say only one in stock do you still have this drum or it is over?
does it come with a stand?
Does it come with an adaptor that has 220-240v? Thanks!
can you do hip hop on it
Will a snare stand work, or will the drums need to be on a tabletop? If a snare stand will work, can you recommend one?
louder hi hat
Anyone know of a wireless remote control that will work with this? I own this, but I can't find one listing as compatible with this unit.
Can this machine create low lying ground fog?
Can this machine be used with low lying fog fluid to create low lying fog effect on stage?
do you reccomend this for parties
Can it be used outdoors?
what timer can you use with this machine?
I'm directing a play and I need instant fog. How long does it take to produce fog?
can i use this fog mach outdoors?
What is the difference between these strings and the D'addario prelude strings which I currently have?? Please answer ASAP, thank you!!!
Will these ball end strings fit on this violin? Cremona SV-1400 Maestro, also sold on amazon.
Will this ball end strings fit on this violin? Cremona SV-1400 Maestro, also sold on amazon.
Hi, I want to buy this set, but I am concerned about a comment on this page thats says the strings doesnt come on the original package, is it true?
Canwe get these for 1/8, 1/10, or 1/16 sized violins?
is the e string gold-plated?
Does any of the sellers ship to Canada if so what additional fees am I looking at? The amazon.ca doesn't have a wide selection
Do all the strings have ball ends or only the E string?
I was wondering before I make a purchase on buying the tascam digital recorder Do I need this device to work the machine???
the photo shows the european power supply cord. Is that correct? Is this unit for sure the US version with two blades on the power cord?
Is this acuially a Tascam manufactured product? Please confirm that it is compatible with Tascam DR-2D
I need a replacement adapter for a dp-32. Will this work? Or other adapter solution?
Will a Tascam PSP520 function to replace a Tascam PS-P788?
Will this work on the LR-10 Trainer?
Does this power the Tascam DR-40?
Powering the Tascam DR-100? Does this puppy power the DR-100?
Is there a smaller AND quieter (EMI-wise) multi-output supply for use with Tascam trainers? I bought this power supply with my GB-10 trainer. The supply is much too large, both physically and in ampacity, and it is poorly filtered, emitting large...
Playback on the Zoom H2: No one has posted on this topic, so I am surely missing the obvious, but is there any way to play back recordings on the Zoom H2 itself, except through the tiny earbuds?
sync with camcorder? Anyone have comments on the difficulty of syncing audio recorded on H2 with a camcorder?
Transferring recording to a Mac: Can anyone walk me through it?
Help with Important Recordings: Software recommendations?
Editing post recording: Does anyone know how to edit a file on the H2 after you have recorded a track?
Replacement part for delicate piece on Zoom H2? Anyone had better success?
How well does this work for podcasting?
Recording phone interview: I have the ear plug device that I've used previously with my Olympus recorder, but where do I plug it into on the Handy?
Zoom H2 display failure - blank screen: Has this happened to anyone else?
H2 price cuts--but better to wait for H1? Has this happened to anyone else?
Can this be mounted to a wall?
I was wondering if this microphone would work with a Cannon HD Vixia HF R20 video camera. It has the small mic input.
Is this an XLR plug?
What is "low-z?" Is that just a model name or an actual feature?
Has anyone CUT these open and looked at the shielding and build quality? Do you have photos to?
I see so many negative reviews about the cheap quality of the cables but a lot of the reviews are old. Has the manufacturer fixed their problems?
20 feet? Is there a shorter version of this same cable?
Are these cables available in different colors?
Would this product work on a MXL 770 mic and on a BEHRINGER XENYX 302USB device???
is this a balanced xlr cable?
Can I Purchase Two and Connect Them to Together to Make a 40 Foot Cable?
Is this the right connector to use to go from a DJ sound board to my camcorder, assuming I get a connector to convert down to 3.5mm input? Thanks
What are you supposed to connect it to? The mic to what?
I have what is probably a silly question; but I am still a guitar newbie. Do I have to use the presets, or can I plug in pedals and bypass those? Also, with the other LINE6 modeling amps, what is the answer to the same question? Thank you.
Will this amp model the sound of Boston (Tom Scholz)?
I assume you can use the microphone and guitar at the same time. How does it work/sound? Any issues with the mic stuff?
Can you record directly into a PC DAW?
manuals or videos of how to use, where to buy?????
A question about guitar presets. I see there are many famous song guitar preset tones. Do the famous song presets include a backing track?
Can you line out to a club pa with this amp?
I changed speaker with a larger magnet speaker, now amp is dead. Was it the speaker change or something else
Is there a recommended Microphone that may work best with the amp.
With the chord so short, does it bang into you instrument if you clip it to the strap?
Is the only receiver output to an amp? What if I want to play over my home stereo? Or if I want to go directly to a bluetooth speaker?
are there multiple channel presets on it, or does each one have its own special channel? im trying to see about buying 4 for my band
What is the range on this devise? I plan on using this to plug into a system at my church?
I understand this receiver connects to the amp but how does it work with the pedal effects?
Where does the battery pack that is connected to the guitar go?
Does this work for bass?
I have this system. I broke the locking cable. what is the cable's part number? love this system. Cable took over 10 years before break!
Can you play thrash or speed metal on this amp?
What are the dimensions please?
If I have 3-5 microphones (for a party) will I be able to plug it in? Is the power sufficient to support multiple mics?
what will come with this Amp?
Can you plug a receiver directly into this to use as a speaker, and how well is the sound of a CD playing through it?
is this for 6 string eletric or bass guitar?
Will this amp go well with Squier Mini Guitar? Will the input jacks fit?
hi,can i change the guitar's color,i would like to a pink and a black
Can we connect a different guitar strap to the guitar? are there 'buttons' to connect to?
What color pink is this guitar? The small icon on the search page shows a bright pink, but when I select it it looks like a light pink.
Is the strings that are on it for right handed or left handed?
Is this too big for a 4-year-old?
I have a 14 yr old who really wants a guitar but the one we have is too big would this one work better?
is this guitar too big for a 4 year old?
Two of the strings are loose, how do I tighten them? or am I supposed to restring it right away?
is it made of wood
Is it good for left hand person on this guitar?
Can I hook this up to my home stereo ? If so how all I have is input/output for the speakers and an RCA plug for the subwoofer. I'm not a DJ or Musician by the way.
Im running audio from ipods/phones into an active PA sound system. Can this effectively take the place of a good sound card? Should I get both?
I am looking for something to help the sound of my home stereo. Not happy with my equalizer, would this be a better option? HK-3490 amp/15in speakers
Does it work on a 220-volt electricity
i have two 15s being powered by a gli xa-2200 amp and it is running from my american dj dj controller. can i run my speakers through this and how
Would I benefit from this in a PA system that already includes a 2 channel 15 band EQ?
would this unit be effective placed last in an effects chain?
im expecting to use this device as a voice compressor...do you think is going to work?
how do I hook this to a mixer would it be effective to ad as fx unit ?
What makes this model better than previous models. This seems like a toned-down version with less features than previous Behringer enhancers ?
It doesn't show the back side. Does the shoulder straps mean it can be carried like a backpack?
I have an Epiphone dreadnought and can't find a bag it will fit in. I really need accurate dimensions if possible.
length?
Will this fit the Yamaha FG700s?
Does this bag fit a Fender Kingman Acoustic (dreadnought) Bass Guitar?
what is size of this bag , i need one that would fit 42x19x5
What's the dimension of front zipper pocket? Can it fit a large pedal like Zoom G5?
can it fit a SG?
Curious about the padding at the bottom end of the bag. Specifically where the strap pin of the guitar rests. Any hep appreciated.
would this be a good fit for a Stratacoustic Fender?, i think is only a little thicker than a regular strat...
Is the front pocket big enough to hold a large binder? Roughly the size of an encyclopedia volume.
Water resistant?????
Would this be a good fit for a dreadnought acoustic guitar or is it strictly an electric guitar bag? Thanks in advance
Could someone please give me the inside measurement of the neck area of the bag?
what are the interior measurements of this case?
Is this the GigBag that hold 2 electric guitars?
Would this be ok for a beginner piano player?
stands for the yamaha np30: Can anyone recommend a good stand for the Yamaha NP30 digital piano?
how do you play backing from i-pad through the NP 30 internal speakers.
Does this piano work with the midi cord to connect to the internet?
What size jack does this have so I know what kind of sustain pedal I can buy?
can anyone please tell me what the 10 piano repertoire songs are on the yamaha NP 30? can anyone please tell me what the 10 piano repertoire songs are on the yamaha NP 30?
does it works with boss rc3?
Can this switch be used to start/stop an electric drum machine
Does it come with the cable(s)??
DOES THIS WORK WITH A VOX?
Does this switch require one or two cables?
I do I need a 9v battery to use it ??? Came with some power input ?
hi!...i need a switch that will allow me to connect 2 guitars to one amplifier input...essentially two guitars in with the capability to switch either of the two inputs to one output...will this footswitch do that?...or what would you recommend?...thanks!
Will it work with line 6 amps
Can i use it to change channels on a marshall mg amplifiers?
I'd like to know the actual dimensions of the foot switch. Is it really 10" long?
Does the wire have memory, ie, is it hard to straighten?
Does this wire holds its shape? I need 1mm wire to make pushrods for my rc plane.
What is the product weight? Amazon lists 1.6oz, but I compute 4oz by density.
Does this wire holds its shape? I need 1mm or .037in wire to make pushrods for my rc plane
Lets say i got this wire and hung 500 pounds off of it would it hold?
how thick is it? Is it as thick as a Quarter or thicker?
Will this wire rust?
is this actual string for pianos?
Is this wire the same as used for forming fish hooks?
How bendable is this wire when comparing it to, lets say, a clothes hanger?
Can this unit be used for harmonica playing also
Noise gate only diffeerence between this and vt911?
"true bypass" add a clean tube phase(like a tube screamer with low gain) that reduces volume when not activate.Anyone else have this problem?
When I turn it on, the lights flash 3-4 times before it goes on. Is this normal?
I seeit comes with a manual. What about a power supply?
so does it come stock with the ac power supply or?
How to connect it on a full tube amp (to get a differente tone) ? Should it be connected on return (loop) or directly on guitar input ?
does it have knot for strap?
What are the measured dimensions of this guitar? I don't know if amazon's specs are shipping specs or actual size.
Is Classical Acoustic is easier to handle than Classical because of the width of fret board ? Which one is better in general ?
What is the nut of the guitar?
is this a left handed guitar
where does this guitar make?
What hard case do you recommend for this guitar?
How wide is the neck?
is it a classical guitar or acoustic guitar? How wide is the neck?
How thick is the guitar? I dont believe the width given in the description is of the actual guitar. Im looking for a pretty thin one.
Will this work with a Blue Yeti condenser microphone?
can u used this with a blue yeti mic
does this shockmount work with Audio Technica AT2020?
Will this fit the RODE NT usb?
Does this PSM1 shock mount fit the AT4050
Will this work with the Rode Procaster?
Does this fit the RODE NTK?
Does this work with the Electro Voice RE20?
Does it work for Rode NT2-A
work with snowball?
What kind of jack?
What is the different on H7 K7 M7?
Will the shure blx2/pg58 handheld transmitter with pg58 microphone, h8 be able to connect to this receiver
Does this require a phantom 48V power?
Do you need any other equipment for this mic to work?
Since this is not wireless, how do i get the exact wireless base that would work well for it?
does this have male pins or female holes. my pg30 connection has the female side
is this wire less or you can connect to the amp?
How do I choose between H7 K7 and M7?
Can this be used with a zoom h4n recorder?
Is it really only 23.7" long? My guitar is 38" long. Is the 23.7" measurement when it is folded and in its shipping box?
Would anyone know if my Epiphone Riviera P93 would fit in this bag ?
I have a Fender Statacoustic. Will it fit in this bag?
Did your bag come with two detachable straps for carrying it backpack-style? There is only one on the bag I received.
Will this clip on to a clarinet, oboe, or flute? I have a Snark that is a clip on and it won't hold...
Would this contact mic work well on my fender bass?
How is this for use as an actual mic, to amplify an instrument? I'm thinking of using it for my melodica.
Product description: Am I missing somthing?
Does this microphone work with an iphone?
To use this as a regular contact mic, what kind of power does it need? Phantom? Less?
Can this record works Cd to Dc?
What are the recording lengths of this unit, and can it play MP3's?
can I record music from Pandora and live 365 ?
Does this unit just record or does it also playback compact discs?
Connect a hard drive for storage?
What is the purpose of the optical connectors?
I assume that the tape in and out connectors of my preamp are the correct connection. Am I wromg?
Can you record audio only from TV music channels?
Do you have to use audio or music cd's to record on this unit?
The flanges make this unit too wide for my rack, which I am not prepared to discard. Can the flanges be removed?
Can I control 4 1000 watt par cans with this?
Does any body use theses in master slave mode? I'm trying to use it as the master with a different dmx controlled dimmer as the slave
how long is the maximum time this can stay on?
It says, "No Controller Automatically Or To Music In The Sound Activated Mode". Is this just chase or other patterns?
Can you use this for Christmas lights? Thanks
can you put mounting brackets on it?
Does the Yamaha PA 130 120 volt Power Adapter work with the PSRE 343 keyboard?
is it work with yamaha a300 oriantal ?
Work for a discontinued PSR-3? The back of keyboard says Yamaha adapters pa1, pa1b, or pa3. Please respond if u have knowledge/experience of psr3.
I just bought a used Yamaha CP33 digital piano and it came with a really short cable. The manual says it uses a PA 3C power adapter. Would this work?
Does this work on a Yamaha PSR 340?
Does the Yamaha PA 130 120 volt Power Adapter work with the PSRE 243 keyboard?
Will this work with PSR 410 Keyboard? The manual says use Output/Current 12V 2A. All the adaptors it lists are discontinued from what I've found.
Does the Yamaha PA 130 120 volt Power Adapter work with the PSRE 235 keyboard?
Does it work with the Yamaha PSR-E243?
Does this adapter work with mk-922 or just yamahas?
How would you compare to Pro tools? Is Sony PCM better than Pro Tools?
Can you use its USB to connect to your laptop while recording? (as a simultaneous backup?)
Live rock/blues/jazz recording? Can anyone describe their experiences getting recordings in a club atmosphere (with audience and clinking Budweiser everywhere)?
Which is better the pcm 50 or the pcm 100?
I own the PCM-D50. It was working fine, but now has this problem: The left mic consistently records 2-6 decibels quiter than the right. Possible fix?
I ran a search for "youth guitars" and this came up; however, it's not described as a youth model. Is it full-sized or not?
Is this a bass guitar? Or a regular electric guitar?
Does the amp come with headphone output jack for private playing?
How high is the string action? Would it be easy for a beginner to use?
How does this guitar compare/perform against a Fender Stratocaster (not Squier)?
What brand/model is the guitar and amp?
Does the amp come with distortion?
Does it have distortion
What string pack would you recommend getting for a beginner? Quite confused on the difference and what to buy(bought this specific guitar).
Does it come with a tremolo bar?
Does this support multi-track recording? 8 inputs/8 seperate tracks?
Any comments on the PreSonus FireStudio Project verses the ProSonus 16.0.2 mixer? Thank you,
am running an old mac pro, system 10.6, will it run with that?
Does this come xlr cords
How many can you daisy chain together??????
Does it work with most DAWs?
Can this unit handle true 48v phantom for ribbon mics, 414's and/or u87? Or will I need to get an extra power supply?
is this one came with studio one artist CD, fire wire and the included instructional Manual and original Box?
I wonder if the interface is published PRESONUS FIRESTUDIO PROJECT or is the FirePod . I await your comments . Greetings .
Does the Roland Cube Street Two-Channel Battery Powered amplifier come with bag or can this be purchased separately
Is this unit loud enough for use at beach wedding with 60 guests?
is it only for placing it on the ground, or can I put it on a speaker stand?
Is it loud enough for busking? The setup would be in a pedestrian zone (no car noise) and I would like it to be clearly heard from 30 feet away.
Can the stereo phones jack be used as a line out to a PA
How does this amp compare to other battery powered amps in the same price range, like Crate products?
Is this loud to be heard in a loud jam session? 3 or guitars, sax etc? I had the micro cube and found that it just couldn't cut it.
I have bought a Shure WH30XLR Cardioid Microphone, but my Roland Cube does have Phantom Power 48v, there is a solution for this ?
Can I use it for a digital piano?
how many watts
Where was this made?
I need a really loud one. Is this the right one to buy?
Are the striker and hangar included?
My second request. What are the actual dimensions? You have two different ones listed
Do you think it will suit privia casio px 150? I really want to buy but i do not know if it will fit
i have a yamaha p-105 looking for lightweight with wheels
Will this fit a Kurzweil PC3K8?
Will this fit a yamaha pf85 88 key Piano
will this fit a 88 keyboard yamaha p-35
Will this fit a Yamaha Motif XF?
Will this fit an Akai MPK88?
does a yamaha 105 fit? i am worried about the height.
Can this be used for korg sp170s?
Can it be just used as a regular mic? Just plug into the wall sockets and use as a mike on stage and not as a karoke accessorry?
Does this Microphone have a (1/4" )6.3mm Plug ?
can you plug it into a speaker with a regular aux cord?
Is this mic compatible with the iLive Blue Karaoke Party Machine? (IJB383B)
Will this work on a STVG569 Model ?
Can this be used with a casio keyboard?
I purchased this mike to go with the SML-385 karaoke machine for my grandkids. It was recommended as an "also buy." We can't get it to work. Any ideas
Will this work with the computer without a computer adapter?
does it have a mute or off button?
Can this microphone be used with a smart tv to do karaoke?
Will this be suitable for a bass clarinet?
Should I buy the bari stand for my tenor sax?
Is there an alto sax/oboe stand? Can you use this one for an oboe??
I want to buy this stand with the clarinet peg PLUS a trumpet peg. Can that be done here on Amazon?
Does anyone know if the peg that comes with this stand is the same as the Hercules DS502B Flute/Clarinetinet PEG http://www.amazon.com/Hercules-DS502B...
will it fit a 5"5'/110 lb (girl) player? i am concerned it might be too long and not possible to adjust. thanks :)
is it possible to order an add on piece to make it work on a cradle strap banjo or do I have to return it and order a different model?
For some reason this isn't obvious to me - which end of the strap attaches to the banjo at the top (nearest the fretboard)?
is this a cradle strap?
will it be shift to India?
CAN THIS BE SHIPPED TO A SUITE ?
accessories: Does the guitar come pre-strung, or even with strings for that matter
where is it made ?
Stand for a Dean V Dave Mustaine Guitar: Does anyone know what type of guitar stand can safely support this type of guitar?
Shipping Weight: Why is the shipping weight so heavy in comparison to the product weight?
The dimensions given don't tell the height once the stand is assembled. What is the assembled height in inches?
How wide are the feet. I'm looking for a stand thay wont stick out so far. I have the double X style right now.
Will this product work with the P60 keyboard?
How does well does the keyboard attach to the stand? Is it stable? (I ask because I want to make sure my 2-year-old won't pull it down on himself)
Shipping Weight really 20 pounds?
Will this stand fit P105 keyboard?
in &amp; out connectors on the YamahaP155B ?
I want to connect my Excelvan BM-800 Mic (needs phantom power) to this Nady unit via an XLR-3.5mm cable to my Mac's 3.5mm mic in. Possible?
So how do i connect this to my computer??
So if I connect my condenser mic to this device through the input, can I use an XLR to USB cable to connect this to my iMac through the output?
I have a Heil Sound fin dynamic mic that needs 48 volt phantom to light the led,s will this work with it ? my mixer does not have phantom to power it.
I'm currently using a 24 volt phantom power. Will buying this 48 volt phantom power make my CAD 95 mic more sensitive?
Does this supply power to a single phantom powered mic (2 XLR connectors: 1 in , 1 out)? There is no back view on the ad.
Will this run on batteries instead of AC adapter?
I have a question: does it ship with any cables or do I have to buy an xlr to xlr and a xlr to usb (which I already have)
I have mic with XLR, and mixer/interface. must i buy another XLR or any other cables?
Anyone have any issues with the power connecter on this? It looks pretty dinky... Seems to me it'd just be better to have a mixer w phantom anyway no?
Are these for aluld blayers or fr kids?
How well do they hold up hitting crash cymbals and not just drums?
My grandson is turning 10. He has a interest in being a drummer. Is buying these firestix a good compromise to buying a drum set?
Do these stay lighted, or light up when they strike something?
Would these be good for a high school drummer who performs alot?
Would these be good for a high school drummer who performs alot?
what size are these drumsticks?
second question is what is the cheapest way you can ship it to brazil? I would like to purchase 4 pairs. thank you
Hi. Im interested in buying a few pairs of lightsticks from you, but I have some questions. What colors do you have? Im interested in blue and red.
how many
is folder small or large
I'm looking for a choral folder with a hand strap, that will hold 16 pieces of sheet music. Will this one work?
is the strap where your hand goes adjustable ?
Is it made of latex?
Does anyone know if this will fit a Flesch flat center-mount chin rest? It looks like the same shape from what I can tell.
Unsticking the gelrest: Does this gelrest make the original chin rest sticky when it's removed?
Will this work on a 1/8 or 1/2 sized violin?
What size violin does this fit?
So, is it just background music or are there vocals? Thanks
are they oridge singers
One customer said it is not cdg format. True?
I am specifically looking for Disc #1004. Is it included with this package?
Does this bag have any padding whatsoever?
Does it fit the Privia Px-3?
Is it washable? (danged cats!!)
Would you consider this case to be suitable for travel via plane?
How long is the bag? Amazon gives dimensions as 21 x 18 x 20 inches ; 2 pounds , but that sure isn't the size of my keyboard.
will this case work for PX 350 model?
does it fit px350m
Does it fit the Privia PX-350M
does this bag fit the Privia PX-110?
Does this bag work for the PX150?
does it come with a power supply?
Are the keys weights, does it feel like an acoustic piano?
YPT310 vs YPT310AD Keyboard: Does anyone know what is different?
How are the lessons on this keyboard? Do they teach a beginner well? Do you have to know how to read music?
how does this keyboard compare to casio CTK 3200?
Does it have batteries?
Can you connect speakers to the keyboard through its headphone jack to increase the volume?
Some reviews say the PSR-E313 &amp; YPT-310 have smaller keys than a real grand piano, but the description says "full-size." Can someone please clarify?? Thank you so much!
where is company located?
Is this made in China?
Is it an alright buy for low budgets?
no shipments to Mexico?
can you actually play music on this?
How can this be a "1/2" size guitar at 34" long? The full-size version is 38". Not much of a size difference. So ???
does this make a good travel guitar for a larger adult
does this guitar have steel strings
Are you able to attach a guitar strap to this guitar?
Can a strap be attached to this guitar? I don't see any strap pegs.
Buying this for my 5yr old who is left handed. Will this work for him?
does it work with Yamaha YPT 230 keyboard?
I have a Yamaha PSR 340 keyboard but this stand don't fit. Do I have to drill holes in the keyboard to make it work?
Purchased the Yamaha EZ 220-61 for grandson , the stand that came with it nonfunctional. Need to order one that is sturdy.
does it fit a PSRE343
Will this stand fit a Yamaha PSR E223 keyboard?
Can this stand be attached to a Yamaha EZ 220 digital keyboard?
How sturdy is this stand?
Will this fit the yamahap-95
Why do people keep saying it doesn't come with necessary screws? How else are you gonna mount the keyboard since it didn't come with screws either?
Will it fit a Yahmaha PSR-70 made in 1985?
What's the string gage size that comes with this guitar?
Where I can buy a replacement tremolo arm, or if any other type of arm will fit the special, and what is the diameter of the base?
Does this product come with the whammy bar like it shows in the picture?
1. Do you have this in white and 2. does it come with a case?
what are the exact measurements of the shipping package?
Are those factory picks are good as or close to EMG 81/85 pick ups , if not I can get them separate.
Is it possible to request an extra light gage string to be strung when I buy this guitar? Thanks!
How long does this product take to deliver? It appears that this is not Amazon prime. Thanks!
Do you prefer the kaossiltor 1 over the kaossilator 2?
Will it work if I plug in a mp3 player to it?
kaossilator vs ko1 kaossilator: Are they the same product?
Can this be played out loud as a synthesizer? or will it be just a midi controller?
Does the USB cord function as the MIDI connector or do I need separate/additional MIdi cords?
I need to know if this unit incluiding a power adapter or works only by usb conection?
Can this work with Pro tools?
are the pads and keys velocity sensetive?
does this produce different types of sounds? thanks.
is this ok to get instead of the akai mpc studio controller? im looking to sample but not sure which one to purchase...
Is this compatible with a mixer?
Is this compatible with ableton live?
Does it work with fl studio, and do the pads work on fl studio too?
I think there is a mistake in the dimensions in the product details section. Could you tell me what are the correct dimensions? Thank you.
Will this cover fit an 88-key digital Yamaha YPG-635?
I have a Casio Privia PX 150. It's roughly 10 X 53. Would this particular dust cover fit that?
Will this fit a MoXF8 (52inches x 16 inches) without it being too streched and becoming see-through?
I have recently purchased the Yamaha DGX 650. It is pretty deep. Will this cover fit it?
would this fit a p-35b
Will this fit over a Yamaha p105 that is on a stand (not the x frame stand, but the L85 wood stand?)
Does it work for the Yamaha P105 ?
Will this fit the giant workstations like Korg Kronos X88 or The Yamaha Motif XF8??
What kind of fabric is it?
Is there really a difference between MP-GT1 &amp; MP-VT1? I can probably get the MP-VT1 and plug a guitar in it and save some money... or am I missing something?
For Karaoke was set up in a room 15ft x 15ft, do anyone know what level for high, mid, low. Also what level for revert, echo, delay, and compression.
Opinion on how this would work in a beach club setting playing from my laptop. Microphone sound quality?
Does it work as amplifier also?
Can I connect iPad to input Karaoke down-streaming music via 3.5 mm TRS to dual 1/4 in TS cable to this mixer? Can I then connect mixer to AV Receiver
Yes I'd like to know why Amazon don't have tech support # to help someone that is blind &amp; drummer to help hook this up to speakers...
I need the headphones to have more volume, but the phones output seems to be tied to the stereo output, I need the output lower and the phones higher.
I would like to use this mixer for Karaoke. Does this mixer have key changer?
how would you hook one of these up to a preamp or does it connect directly to a cpu?
Does this unit have such a function that removes singer's voice from pre-recorded CDs?
If my source is my tv, do I connect to 7/8 LR or 2TR IN LR? As for output to receiver, will it be REC OUT (RCA) or MONITOR or STEREO OUT? Thanks.
does this come with a mocrophone and will it work with a sure PGX transmitter?
With a ShureWH30 wireless mike and this transmitter, can I use them with a Nady receiver?
With a ShureWH30 wireless mike and this transmitter, can I use them with a Nady receiver?
Can this be hooked up to output to my home theater system?
Is this something that can be hooked up to my sons computer or keyboard to mix beats to out of his computer?
Does it come with power adapter (to plug the mixer into wall outlet)? Thanks!
I bought this Yamaha mixer from you and it does not have the powerpak cord in the box, can you tell me if you forgot to ship it?
Can I connect a bass guitar to this mixer? Basically I am planning to use this and M-Audio AV 40 setup to practice Bass guitar; will it work?
is this rack mountable (19") for dj purposes
Can I use this for recording to my computer?
does it have a phantom power supply
i am fixing to buy a 300 watt power amp and couple of 12" monitors for vocals. can i use this with that power amp and set up?
Can this unit be used to mic a drum kit and mix mp3 play along tracks so both can be heard thru head phones and powered monitor?
I need to know, is the output for the headphones 1/4 inch only or does it have a 1/8 output as well?
Is there any difference between the classic rock and the lead headphone amp?
What size input and headphone jacks?
what are the controls?
My guitar jack insert is angled and recessed into the body. Will this amp fit?
Could this be used with a bass guitar?
Would this sound good on an Epiphone Dot Artist?
How long is the attached cable connected to the pick up?
Can anyone comment on the process involved with running the cable through the guitar to make permamnent? Thx!
Is the loudness pretty good? I know a few other soundhole pickups aren't as loud
Will it fit on Fender CD60 acoustic guitar? I've seen the reviews saying that this product doesn't fit some guitars.
Will it work with nylon strings
Does it come with a cable? Can the cable be unplugged from the pickup?
Do I need to use a preamp with this?
is any warranty included?
Does it come as the picture shows, with a stand clamp and a threaded shaft for screwing into a 3/4" stand?
Is this wireless? or do you use standard xlr cable
Where does the battery go? Somewhere in the mic shell?
does this lap steel need amplipher and speaker
Does this lap steel have a adjustable bridge? Can it be intonated? All the photos have the cover on.
Does this guitar come with finger picks and a slide?
Is this basically the same instrument as the SX LAP 2 thats also listed here?
Has anyone had one of these for a significant amount of time? Will it last?
Will this case fit a Taylor 814gs? Do you make one that does?
Would this fit R.W. Jameson thin line blue burst acoustic/electric guitar?
Is this case fit in full size acoustic guitar?
How suitable would this case be for carrying an acoustic guitar and transporting on a bike?
How suitable would this case be for carrying an acoustic guitar and transporting on a bike?
Can I fit a normal classical guitar in this case?
is a power supply included?
Does this work as a DI Box as well? Or do I need an additional DI Box aside from this?
I am not getting good sound quality with this unit. No bass heard at all. Voice is too sharp (Highs EQ). Mixer's knobs are at unity.
Does this box have an on/off button, or do you have to replug it each time?
I'm looking for a simple setup for our 3 guitarists who sing. Can I purchase 3 PM351s, plug their XLR mics and guitars into the PM351, run XLR out int
I am getting lots of ground noise from this device even though I have the grnd switch on. Any advices?
Will the phantom power from my mixer damage this unit? Can anyone confirm that?
Will the phantom power from my mixer damage this unit
Do the volume controls also control the output volume to the mixer, or, can you get an unaffected send?
Could the Phantom Power from the mixer damage this box? I need to activate it on my mixer since I also have some condenser mics.
Does the stand come with a mic clip?
Is the cable XLR on both ends?
Does it have an on/off switch?
Can it be connected to fender FM 65rev amplifier.
is the XLR cable that is included a female to male XLR cable or female to female XLR cable? thanks
USB port? Does this product plug into a usb port on a computer to record music onto a computer???
Any current user found their batteries not holding charge after use it for a few months? After a 24hrs charge it still do not last for more than 1 hr
Does the system come with a battery, or do you have to order a battery separately?
i have a t1 100 and i boughgt a new tv abd uit woin't worj on it do i need a two prong wire to connect to the tv i now have only one and i t is
How well would it work as an assisted listening system in a church situation?
Will this device work in live theatre performances? If the infrared system will work for different venues, I would like to buy one to carry with me.
are here any other types of connections other than the RCA audio jacks??
Anyone have any suggestions where I can buy a charger for the Set-100 Infrared System? Thanks
How many batteries come with set?
do you need an adapter to connect to a stereo tv,because the tv has 2 video outs
can I get another head set without the transmittor, can 2 heads work with one transmittor
Is this height adjustable?
Any experience how to make this bench 2 inches higher without using a pillow or phone book?
How thick is the padding?
What material is the cushion made out of? Vinyl, leather etc...
How high is the yamaha BBI piano bench?
Height of bench for seating
Does it have a storage?
What are the measurements between the insides of the legs?
Is this a high gloss black finish or sating finish?
Is there storage?
how big is this bag?
As the product actually weighs?
Does it work with a Roland GR-55 Guitar Synth?
Can i fit a board 23" x 11.5" in this? Will the padding give to squeeze it in?
does looper rc300 fit in this bag?
I am interested in using this bag as a laptop bag, however I need a bag with a compartment size of at least 20" x 15". What is the compartment size?
What is the pedalboard dimensions? :)
Is this amp 50/60HZ ? Please let me know since 60HZ is no compatable where im living.
does this amp have RCA inputs i can run my ipad into and will it work well with a pair of 700 Watt PA speakers?
Can I output to speakers through a 1/4" output?
Is there a reason this amp with not work right.....hooked it up to New speakers and it barely makes any sound...not what I need it to do....its a 1400
if I have a pair of 1200W speakers (each says 1200W), can this amplifier work? and can i connect a ipod?
I have two behringer eurolive b215xl 1000w speakers, would this amp be enough to power them and would i need an equalizer as well?
I can connect an equalizer?
can I run this amp off my yamaha receiver and dual 10 band equalizer
can this replace my old Pyle Pro PT-810?
I have a AKJ 7004 karaoke mixer, with RCA jacks. what cables are needed to combine the two machines? RCA to quarter, or RCA to RCA, etc., thanks
I have quarter to quarter inch speaker cables. How do I connect these to this amp? Or what type of speaker cable do I need for this amp?
what type of pyle speakon cable go to my pyle ppa450 watt amp i bought ppsj30 they were too small
i can using this amp whit 2 Pyle PASW 18 500 Watts RMS - 1000 Watts Peak Power Handling
i can using this amp whit 2 Pyle PASW 18 500 Watts RMS - 1000 Watts Peak Power Handling
i can using this amp whit 2 Pyle PASW 18 500 Watts RMS - 1000 Watts Peak Power Handling
Can I run two XLR's for INPUT and two 1/4" Speaker cablers for OUTPUT? I can't tell by listing.
what would be the perfect speakers for this amp 2 keep from blowing them
How do you connect this to a non-powered speaker and a dj controller?
Can I use this amplifier to power 2 12" Kickers ? I would basically use it just for bass! I use my KRK ROKIT 6s studio monitors for vocals. PleaseHelp
Does this come with a power cord or do you have to buy that
Hi, It is said that 300 watt@ 8 ohm.that,s per channel or 150+150.
does this amp have speakon connections?
I hv 2 spkrs that are 600w each. How do i power them with this amp without them blowing? This amp puts out 750w per channel right?
how many chanels this amp have
How can I connect a turntable to this amplifier &iquest;it has a usable input for that?
would this work with VM Audio VAS4210P 1100 Watt 4-Way Dual 10" DJ Loud Speaker
speak on cable connectons?
What is the major problem with the hum in this amp, can it be fixed
how do i hook up subs to it and how do i do that??
How do i hook up subs to it and how do i do that??
I saw some reviews saying that the power cord isn't standard for the US. Is it still worth getting? Did they just send them the wrong power cord?
Can this be used with electronic drums as well?
how much does it weigh?
Can I use mixer's main out go straight into KT108's Inst 1 and 2 inputs? I want to use it as a PA., hook up my band (vox, guitar, electric drum etc)?
Would this work with an electric violin and electric cello?
Does a Acoustic Guitar sound good on this or it just for keyboards
Can you plug a microphone as well?
Can this be used with an electric guitar?
Which cable do you use for your keyboards? stereo or mono?
may i know if this product has a line-out. thanks
Would this make the guitar a lot quieter for practicing? Or is it just for preventing feedback when amplified?
will it fit an ovation celebrity model?
Will this fit a Little Martin LX1E?
Will this fit a Martin 000X1AE Acoustic Electric?
Will this fit a Taylor 814
Will this fit my Taylor Big Baby? Its a 15/16
Will this fit an epiphone aj 220 s?
will this work on a Ovation Legend 1867?
will this work with my FENDER SONORAN SCE?
Does this work on an acoustic that has no electric part to it?
where is it made
I own a cedar mahogany Teton and a seagull s6 spruce cherry. How does this compare in sound and quality?
is it just acoustic or electric&amp;acoustic?
I am taking lessons with a Martin DX1...love the sound, but may be slightly too big for my frame. Any comments on how the Big Baby sound will compare?
does it have a normal guitar size? or is it smaller than normal guitars?
A relative died and left a taylor guitar....basic one. Is there a series # or some marking on the guitar that I can fnd value? i
since the top is unfinished, does this mean it will be less durable? Since it is a travel guitar I think it will take more abuse than normal.
I am just starting to learn the guitar. I am using a borrowed 1982 Washburn. Will the TBB be too advanced for me right now?
I'm looking to get back to playing the guitar after a 30+ year hiatus. I like that the TBB has a narrow neck, but does it also have low action?
Does this guitar have screws on the fretboard at fret 16? Why? I haven't seen this before.
is the Vic Firth logo or any text on the stick?
Are these sticks the White color or are they plain wood (no paint)? Also, what does Nova stand for?
Do the drumsticks come in the paper that keeps them together?
Hi, did the shipping cost increase?
What does stick brick wood mean?
is the Vic Firth logo on the stick?
What is the differences between the Nova and the original one?
Does this unit have a built in drum machine?
how do set my settings on Tascam dp02 for recording vocals over instrumentals?
Home Recording: Can someone help me please.
Is this usable in the US on 120v / 60Hz?
I have a pair of Peavey PR 10 speaker,they have "2-way sound reinforcement enclosure 400W handling/800W peak",can I use this Behringer with those?
We have 4 speaker cables (speakon ended) at the mixer location for the 4 connectors on our dying stereo mixer. Our speaker cables are under floor so can't daisy chain them. I have been unable to find adaptors to y two speakon ended cables to one...
Will this power 2 main speakers, plus 2 floor monitors, each pair with a separate eq and volume?
can my HTPC connect to this unit and then from this unit to my 6 floor standing Polk speakers RTi150 (2) and RTi38 (4). Do I need a power amplifier?
Can this be used for karaoke as a mixer amp?
do i have to have an external amplifier to run this or will it power and amp my speakers?
can i connect an ipod or any device to this for playback?
Does anyone have any experience with this system and outdoor wedding/reception? If so how did it work?
WHAT ARE THE DEMINTIONS
Has anyone used this for the purpose of playing a guitar and using the mike for singing? Most guitar amps do not have extra inputs for mike, etc.
Does anyone know if an Iphone 4 will work in the docking station?
Will be used for "Busking", tenor sax and voice (2 mics) over karaoke background from a mp3 playlist, will this suit the purpose?
Is this a system that would work well in an HOA board meeting.
Is the AC adaptor able to be used in Australia? I see there is a switch for 110v-60hz or 220v-50hz but can it be used on 240v?
Is this item compatible with any cordless headset microphone?
I need a part for my Pyle 500
Can I hook up two wireless microphones to it at a time or is the capacity only for one?
Does the device have a storage area for sheet music?
what are the exact dimensions please?
What is the height when assembled?
Is the color dark brown?
does the dark rosewood bench have storage?
Is shipping fast
How tall is this bench?
Does this come with the threaded part that screws into the mic?
Will the MXL MT-001 Hard Mount be a fit for a MXL V69 Mogami edition microphone?
What is the measurement of the circle at the bottom? I am wondering if it will work with my mic. Thanks!
Does this work for MXL 990?
Does this work on the Audio Technica AT2020
Will this mount fit a Presonus 7?
Is this huge for all in one pc?
Do the pair come with USB and RCA cables includes?
are these speakers self powered or do they require an amp?
Do these speakers work with USB 3.0?
can you use these while running an existing audio interface
it says that it is a audio interface as well so does this mean you can not use these when you have a existing audio interface? because that would be 2
Good evening, are these just USB Plug in to the laptop and that's it? no need of the RCA cables?
I'm interested in getting into home recording also but need powered speakers for a turntable with preamp Will these work?
Can you plug a microphone into the speakers for singing?
I got these. When turned on, I heard a constant buzzing noise coming from left speaker. Right speaker is quiet. Does yours have the same noise?
Hi does this motor ball mount to a ceiling? As in, could I plug it in to a recessed lighting fixture and run it that way?
Can it be mounted to a wall to spin a fake gear?
how long is the power cord?
how long is the power cord?
Is this motor battery operated or AC? Thank you...
What is the diameter of the turning piece? I'd like to mount a hollow metal tube and mount something other than a disco ball, but still under 25 lbs.
What is the weight of the unit itself (not the weight it can bear)?
motor rotation direction ...... when looking "down on this motor,,,, does it rotate CW or CWW ?
Is this compatible Mt. Lion?
How does it work with a Windows 8 PC?
Will M-Audio Keyrig 49 usb midi controller Keyboard work with Yosemite?
Is it compatible with Finale Songwriter 2012, FL Studio 10, and Reason 5?
Does it work with Pro Tools 8?
is the keyboard velocity-sensitive?
Is this compatible with a MacBook Pro with Retina(the latest mac book pro)
can i play it Without connecting to a computer? if i use headphones, with no computer, will it work?
does this keyboard come with the usb cable needed to connect to a computer?
Are the pegs included?
Are these pegs velvet (covered)?
can the stand be used for oboe?
Can another clarinet peg screw in to the piccolo threads? I already have the single stand for my Bb, but will be playing a C and A in a concert.
Will this stand hold an Alto Flute?
can this hold a flute with a b foot?
Could one of them hold an alto flute?
I would like to use one of the pegs for my alto flute. Is that feasible or will it fall slightly to one side like you described for the oboe? Thanks
Can the extra flute/clarinet peg be detached? I only need the flute/piccolo stand part so it isn't needed but I don't want to unbalance the stand.
What are the diameters of the pegs, both at the part that gets inserted into the instrument's bore and at the base?
Can you overdub with the LS 10?
will this work with the Roland CS-10EM binaural microphone/earphone which needs some power?
Once the recording is uploaded to my computer, is the decibel level of the sound displayed on my computer for the recording?
Is the decibel level displayed of the sound recorded?
What type of manufacturer's warranty does it come with and for how long?
Is the Olympus LS-14 the newer version of the Ls-10, and if so, why is the LS-10 so expensive?
I'm thinking of using this digital voice recorder as a 'black box' for my person. Does the included pouch fit on a belt and is the device durable?
Does this work with Windows 8.1?
Is the mic sensitive enough where I can keep it about 4 ft from me to be heard or must I speak right into it
how long is the cord?
has anyone tried recording music (vocals or instrumentals) with this mic?
I have a Lightning to 30-pin Adapter for my iPad mini. Will this work with it?
Does the Microphone come with a Manufacturer's Warranty? If so, for how long?
Has anyone tried this with Dragon Dictate? I want an inexpensive, non-headset option for voice recognition software.
Would this be a good starting microphone for YouTube
Does the recording of a voice reading from a manuscript go into an identifiable file that could be emailed?
Compatible with Chrome OS?
pictures show a mic, windscreen and case. Does it come with anything else?
Do I have to use batteries? Can it run off phantom power?
Is this mic good for a choir performance through a sound mixer and PA system? I won't be recording.
How long is it?
is this 3.5mm? to use with a dslr
Is this mic xlr or 1/4 inch
Windscreen: Does the mic come with a windscreen?
Would B.C.Rich Warbeast guitar fit inside ? and what's the actual color inside? I prefer purple
does this case fit a les paul
i have a short scale fender bass will this case fit my guitar?
WOULD A REGULAR 43" BASS GUITAR FIT INSIDE?????
can you put it on a table
can someone tell me what idk means?
Can you connect this to chauvet obey 4 controller?
It's only 110v??
I have a Chauvet 4Bar that I use for lighting; will this item mount to the top of my unit safely? Thanks!
does this come with a power cord and how long is it?
Is there a remote control that will work with this?
Is this a noisy unit, or it is quiet running?
Do the lights spin?
can you use this camping for a firefly effect in the trees?
What are the dimensions of the individual cases?
Are these cases washable?
I see no photos of the inside of these cases. Just how padded are they?
Will this set of cases fit the Ludwig Accent CS Combo drum set?
do the cases need to be the exact sizes of your drums to properly protect? I have 10x8.5 and 12x9 toms, and a 14x6 snare. Will these bags work?
are the bags only padded at the bottom and top? how about the side? thanks
It is possible to add a 14X14 bag to the kit?
Can we put a 6 1/2 X 14 snare instead of a 5 1/2 ??
not all 22 inch bass drums are the same. 16x 22 ..17x22..18x22. Will a 18x22 bass drum fit in this case? Thanks
need to know the sizes of these bags and what size drums fit in them.. Bass drum and floor tom can vary in size can you supply this
Does this run on batteries too?
I need to monitor 2 guitars and a bass via headphone, can this be done using this mixer?
can i connect this to my home receiver using the stereo out?
I need to run a guitar and keyboard through and amp, will this work and still keep good quality sound?
how do I plug this into a asus comp with windows 8 so I can do VO's on Adobe Audition?
is it good for playback.
can output drive just 4ohm sperkers
If my MacBook Pro doesn't have a line in port, how do I plug this mixer into it?
If I plug my laptop in as input 3 or 4, will it come out clear through the headphone port? I have a low power sound card.
Will it accept 240VAC input (Australian standard power socket) using plug adapter?
will this replace the neede on Crosley CR6249A-TA ?
Do you have a replacement needle for the Crosley CR2405A Director?
Would this work with a fisher mt-223?
Does this needle work for crosley model CR2402A ?
Will this needle work with the Crosley Revolution CR6002A?
Will an NP4 needle play on 78's and vinyl records? I understand that one must use different needles for 78's and vinyl, and that Vinyl needles will destroy 78's.
will this needle fit crosley model CR2-003A
Will this fit a fisher mt9020?
this needle can be use for with crosley cr-42
can this needle use for model crosley cr 42
how are they for hifi sound
Is this good for outdoor events
can you connect this speaker to a laptop
is this $200 for one speaker? or does it come with two...
do thry pole holders in the bottom
Do you absolutely have to have an amp with these?
they are both left and ight speakers right? because the last speaker set I bought were right speakers and didn't respond after I placed the connectio
okay bear with me I'm not an "audiophile"; can I hook this up to a system that has red &amp; black tabs that you insert wires into?
hello my question is does this price for the speakers are for the pair
does this come the pair or sold separately
how tall are they?
can u put these on speaker stands
On a scale from 1-10, (1 being computer speakers and 10 being front row at a Billy Joel concert), how loud do these get?
what would be a good amp to push two of these speakers for a reasonable price??
would 4500 amp work
Es posible el env&iacute;o a Espa&ntilde;a? no se donde comprar aqu&iacute;. .. gracias.
DOES THIS NEED AN AMPLIFIER?
do you need an amplifier for this or is it powered?
what kind of amp do i need to psh this? Does it have to match the rms? also what about the EQ settings on the amp to give it some deep bass??
What kind of amp do i need to push this? A bass guitar amp head? Does it have to match the rms?
is it a solid top? what size strings come on it?
what does it measure length wise ?
Does it come with strap button
fret width distance
Is it good for a 7 year old?
Does this guitar come with strings?
Are these ball or tie ends?
Are the 3 sets in separately sealed packaging?
what does 3 sets mean? does it including 6 strings?
hello everyone I would like to know what the real difference between normal tension and hard is I have tried both and just cant hear the difference???
are all 6 strings included? I'm new to buying strings
What string is E and so to e? I have E-6 and so on but can't find any information about what string is what?
does it include a cable
It has a built in cord, right?
What is the smallest, most portable, preferably not plug-in speaker I can use with the R31S microphone?
Can you run the R31S through a JBL Flip speaker? I'm having a problem getting a sound.
Is it also running on a Windows 7/8 64bit platform?
Is it readable in a Mac?
is it compatible with vista
is this a 3/4 or 1/2 size guitar that is small enough for a very small 10 year old
how long is this
Are the strings nylon?
What size is it?
Does this guitar come with a pick or should they be purchased separately?
Should I buy a 3/4 size guitar case, or full size? Thanks.
Does this guitar have holes to attach a strap?
What is the bout measurement?
Can this be daisy chained with my hard drive?
Can this be daisy chained with my hard drive?
How do I get this unit to sync as wordclock master with a word-clock equiped preamp (dbx 386) being the slave? I've tried unsuccessfully this far. If anyone has succeeded at this (using any w/clock preamp) please enlighten on how this should be done....
Just bought this used to use with my new Mac for recording, but it didn't come with software. I'm new to recording. Help me find the software link?
And when i record and play it back, it produces cracking and popping noise in my vocals..
Will this work with Windows 8?
Why do i get a hum when i turn on 48v?
Does the USB port ONLY power the device? Or does it also output audio to the PC? I'm asking to see if also need a mixer to properly output this to PC?
what else is included with audio box? cables?
is this compatible with a AMD Quad-Core A8-6410 Accelerated Processor? If so would the Scarlet 2i2 be a better interface for recording vocals?
does it work with cuebase 7
Will this be compatible with ProTools 11?
Does this work well with iPad Air?
would this fit a 1959 Gibson archtop L-48?
epiphone custom pro? its fit?
Would this fit a Breedlove Atlas Stage Dreadnought?
Does it fit a PRS custom 24?
Would this fit this: ktone 6 string hollow body electric guitar, free gig bag, white
ESP LTD EC1000 VB will fit on this?
if a buy this case and guitar separate they put guitar inside it ?? what can i do to fix it if they dont ?
Does this case have a moisture seal, like the SKB flight case?
Do the tuners touch the bottom of the case, and would it fit a Les Paul with a Bigsby? Thanks.
Will a Gibson ES-135 fit in this case?
will this case fit my Gibson ES-125?
Will this fit a epiphone dove?
will this fit the yamaha fg700s?
Will the Takamine G Series EG523SCB-12 Jumbo 12 String Acoustic Electric Guitar, Black fit in this case?
Will this case fit my 1965 Gibson J-50?
will this case fit the alvarez abt60 baritone guitar (44x17.7x5)?
Does this unit come with the measurement microphone? or would I have to buy one separately?
can i come off the mixer to the Optimizer then to powered jbl eon speakers?
Does this unit come with the RTA mic already?
Any reason this can't be used with conventional speakers, that is, running the outputs to amp inputs and driving the speakers that way?
Can this device be used to effectively tune a room? Ie is it possible to make a room have a flat frequency response using this device?
how many outputs are there
Does this unit comes with subwoofer connector?
doe this unit come with subwoofer connector?
Could anyone tell me the shipping carton size? Thanks.
is the driverack powerful?
does this come with a poop filter
can i put this mic in a normal mic stand? or will it only work on the table stand it comes with.
How would the plug in instrumental work? And would this work for violin, vocal, and piano?
Can I use this mic for singing Karaoke by connecting to a mixer with USB interface
Any recording lag? I want to listen as I record. Using the Asrock 970 Extreme 3 motherboard mic input and Cubase gives me too much delay. Thanks
What's the warranty on the refurbished one?
Can this be adapted to take an XLR cable an run into a mixer?
Can anyone tell me if the G-Track will work when connected to an iPad running iOS7, through a powered USB hub?
What is it?
Will this work with a passive pickup in a ukulele or do I need an active pickup in the instrument?
Can you use serato scratch live with this mixer?
Is this compatable with self powered behringer dj speakers?
Does this mixer come with Traktor software?
can i use midi and analog at the same time? e.g. using channels 1 &amp; 2 for computer and say 3 &amp; 4 for cdjs.
How many seconds of sample can this mixer store at a time?
What USB MIDI cable works to hook up with a laptop?
the outputSUB can you put un subwoofer in it direct of do you need an Equalizer for the Subwoofer Speaker ????????
what kind of audio interface do I use with serato and this mixer?
Is this mixer good for scratching also?
can i use built in amp speakers to the mixer..
Will this tuner handle a 5-string bass? E.g.- B/E/A/D/G
Where can I get a power adapter?
Does this tuner pedal have a buffer effect like the Boss chromatic tuners do?
Can you see it in sunlight?
Will this tuner work on a 12 string?
I want to know what chromatic means with regards to this tuner.
But does this tuner go to Drop C and Ab (G#) and be accurate? I ask because I've had trouble with Korg tuners only tuning to standard.
Would this tuner work with an acoustic/electric violin? I have had trouble with the built-in one I've been using, it's no good for on stage tuning
I have a decent tuner in my amp, but would rather not turn it on just to tune my guitar (when practicing without power). Would this work OK for that?
Can this device be used to tune a piano?
Does this work with OSX Mavericks via Thunderbolt?
Is this Pro Tools 11 AND Mac 10.9+ compatible on a 2.5GHz Core i5 iMac?
I have a 96kHz preSonus with the buffer rate past 2000 in FL Studio, &amp; my soundcard sucks, will a 192kHz do better to stop clipping in playback?
does this work with windows 7??? &amp; does this come with a power cords and all? Is there anything extra you need to buy besides xlr,trs,rca, etc cables.
Is the unit powered by 240V power supply and European power plugs, or is it equipped with an US power supply?
Has anyone recorded direct to DAW
Is this an older version of this unit? The MSRP here is $599, and I think it's $699 everywhere else.
How would you compare this with Line 6 M9?
How would this work when used directly to an in-house PA for electric guitar or the house board? Wanting to use in place of taking an amp to a gig.
how nice is the noise gate of this NS? beacuse i will use the highest gain that this thing could offer, or you recommend me a noise suppressor pedal?
Is the speaker emulation assignable or is it global?
does this unit has the digital I/O? because i&acute;ve seen others that does not have them and what is the version with the I/O ? becuase i really need thes
What voltage is the device for? Can you provide the device intended for European 230V?
Do you need a volume or wah pedal with this
IS this suppose to be the XLR or USB version?
What kind of shock mount do I need
What do I need to hook this up to my computer?
Please answer someone , does this microphone have a headphone jack??
Does this product come with a shock mount? If so, I'll order it asap.
what kind of mic clip would one use?
Is the 20 gauge / third string wound or unwound?
I have these on my Gibson ES225 and like them very much. Has anyone tried them on a solid body electric? I would like to try them on a Gibson SG.
Will these strings fit steel acoustic guitars such as a Martin 00-15M, Teton cedar mahogany dreadnought or Seagull S6 spruce?
The pictured item has 8 strings, while the product listing shows 6. How many strings?
who is the manufacture of this mandolin?
is playing this easy if you can play guitar?
I Love this mandolin, But, I just received it and went to tune it and when I started to turn the key peg it tuned for a bit then nothing and the string isn't broken so Im not sure what I need to do. Any advice?
Does it have a truss rod?
Description says 6 string mandolin but the picture shows 8 strings. Which is correct?/ Thanks.
Is the top laminate or solid wood?
Can this mandolin handle medium strings?
compared to the Rogue for 60 bucks, , which one is a better beginner?
How many strings are in this package?
Getting conflicting answers. 3 sets = 18 strings? Or are there only 6 strings?
what is the number 80/20 bronze
retail
Will these work on a 3/4 size or "junior" guitar?
Are these strings ball end?
I am very sensitive to high pitches and tones. I'm looking for warm low mellow strings. Which set of strings (type and gauge) do you recommend?
Does this mic come with a cable to connect it to the PC? Or the cable has to be purchased separately?
Does this mic have a screw mount (like the Blue Microphones Yeti Pro) or a similar way to be suspended upside down?
Why the description is about the P170 ? the Perception 170 has different specs. Theyre different mics.
Are these good for recording choir? Ive seen that other pencil condenser mics have been described in their product details as good options for that
Is this mic silver or black?
Do these mics come with the mic holder that screws on to the mic stands?
Does this mike require phantom power? If so how much?
What comes in the box?, I want to be sure to purchase thanks
So to make this work i need XLR into preamp and then preamp into mixer then mixer output usb to computer?
does the microphone come with a cable
Where does it "made in" ?
I have the mic with the BEHRINGER XENYX 3 mixer and the mic compresses my audio (Makes me quiet when im loud and loud when im quiet) How do i disable
Does this microphone output straight Xlr which i can plug directly into a preamp? Or do i need a special converter?
Does this require phantom power? If so will a balanced xlr cable w/ balanced xlr 1/4 adapter work for my Avid M-audio computer direct box, which only has 1/4" inputs and does have a phantom power source? Thanks!
Will the AKG Perception Mike work with a XLR attacher on one end, and a 1/4" on the other end, into my cassette tape deck?
I have an Avid M-Audio Mobile Pre set up for recording to the computer. It only has 1/4 plugs, I believe it does have phantom power. What do i need for a CABLE? THANKS!!
thanks but comes in its metal box?
Are the transducer heads removeable and moveable or are they permanently affixed? If removeable, how does the adhesive affect the wood?
Has anyone used this on a Mountain Dulcimer? Does it give a full sound that is close to the instrument without the pickup?
Would you recommend this for acoustic 6-strings guitar, e.g Yamaha? Or to small guitar such as the Martin Backpacker? I fear unnatural sounds...
I'd like to know about the tonal quality installed on a banjo. The cheap one I have now is all treble and sounds tinny; totally unacceptable.
how do you install this pick up on a harp?
can i use it for my cello?
Does this require a preamp?
are there tutorials available for this unit
what is best way to use fx-1 fx-2
how do you isolate phantom power to one or two channels ...
what is bridge mode
how do you use double channels 7-10
do i need seperate power amp for monitors
I want to use this to control an Alesis Drum Machine. Will it be ok to send Midi to it? Also Can I add a foot controller to do Bass Trum triggers?
Could I use Maschine Software on this?
whats the best to get for a beginner to making beats?
what software does this come with?? would i need to get something such as ableton, cubase, etc? or does it come with one of these?
Anybody using this unit with mac os 10.9 with logic x ? If so how's that working out for ya ? I'm looking into getting this
dose this come with the cables and software pack?
Can this be hooked up to a interface, also does it come with any sound kits/drum kits?
Can this be hooked up to a interface, also does it come with any sound kits/drum kits?
Can I use this with Garage Band?
i have a macbook pro with retina and it doesnt have a disk drive. how would i get the software on my computer? and do i need to buy a ac adapter ?
How would this work on an acoustic to make it sound like a twelve string?
Can I use this pedal with the Eurolive B212D 550 watt PA speaker system?
can i just plug my microphone in and use it acapella?
what is the warrenty on a beheringer 600 box?
Can this make my guitar sound like a bass,I loop acoustic, bass, vocals, Boss OC3 and Behringer UO300 warble, MicroPog is expensive and tad electronic
bass
Can I cannect this pedal to my Behringer HellBabe01 with the Planet Waves Classic Series Instrument Cable with Right Angle Plug, 0.5 feet (3-pack) ?
Anyone have any experience using this with an expression pedal?
If you use this pedal with the Behringer FCV100 Ultra-Flexible Dual-Mode Foot Pedal, you can use it as whammy pedal?
Is this item so heavy that amazon claims a shipping weight of 7.1 pounds? What else is in the box that adds so much?
What is the best recorder for low frequency, low noise recording? I need to document some low level noises for a potential noise pollution lawsuit and am wondering if any of these will fit the bill - the Olympus ls-10, the Edirol R-09HR, Sony D50, or...
vinyl to mp3: Can this be used to convert vinyl record albums to mp3?
External Mic - enhance quality? Just wondering how much would one suppose an external mic used with this device enhance the quality of the recording?
files downloadable to Macintosh? Is the finished WAV file downloadable to my Mac computer without any special software...as I know a WAV file is stictly PC based.
What's New? Other than the crappy little preview speaker (better than nothing), does anyone have a handle on what's new from the old model?
mic stand adaptation for Edirol R-09HR: Would need to mount unit on mic stand, but expensive to buy case and adapter.
General question on quality: this device vs computer: My basic question is this: how does this device (or one like it) compare in quality to say, a mac with a good sound card (or, for that matter, a bad one)?
I am using a Korg X5DR module with a pretty good patch for Hammond and using the modulation wheel for the Leslie sound. Is this better or the same. Also any recommendations for a better Hammond patch. Thanks
Is there a way to turn off the flashing light on this pedal? It's very irritating that it always flashes.
Does this pedal have a buffered low Z output?
How do these compare to Bose noise cancelling headphones in terms of noise cancellation capability?
Where are these headphones made?
Do I need an adapter to connect to a 3.5 mm jack or does this cable already connect to a 3.5 mm jack?
How well does the auto-mute feature work? Does it mute when you don't want it to and not mute when you do want it to? Thanks!
Do your ears touch the drivers? And do they cover the ear completely?
I have a large head and I wear glasses. Will these still be comfortable for me if I decided to wear them for 4-6hrs straight?
How many drivers per side. The older K270 studio's appear to have two separate drivers per side = 4 per headphone. How is it with the newer K271II,
I need good head phones to listen to music on my laptop &amp; ipad. I am hard of hearing. I love good clear sound and bass. Will these work for me?
What is listed on the box as the country of origin?
How do you detatch the cord? The button is ridiculously stiff.
Is the Cmoy BB amp with dual AD825 opamps a good choice for a headphone amplifier to use with these cans?
Good for classical and vocals?
Is the audio flat, and can these maintain comfort after 4-6hrs of continuous use (glasses+large head)?
What accessories come in the box?
How high is the sound leakage? If I'm playing video games with these on and I have a microphone infront of my face, will the sound be picked up?
Didn't understand this "!Only Bluetooth 2.0". Does this 240 mkII have bluetooth? Didn't find this information on akg.com
These are listed "only Bluetooth 2.0". Will they only work via BT or cable plug too? Would BT sound as good as cable?
I want to use this headphones for the computer/gaming Are they worth it? Do you have any other recommendation?
how is this compared to 141 MKII ?
What's the difference between these and the other k 240 that's selling for $70 USD on Amazon? Worth the difference?
Which parameters are controlled by the expression input?
how many seconds delay can I get
can you overdub during looper mode?
Does it tail when bypassed?
Can anyone tell me how long this would last with a battery?
Does it come with a power supply?
Does this accept a 9V Power Adaptor (wall wart) or is it battery-only powered?
does this have reverb too, and if not what's a great reverb pedal?
Can this pedal be used with the microkorg?
is this True Bypass pedal,do not see anything regarding that?
Hi. I'm looking for a gift for my guy who has become a bit of a synth nerd. he just bought a Moog Sub37... Is this is a good gift accessory for that sort of thing? or perhaps the Sub37 already has delay? any help or advise appreciated. thanks.
Does this pedal have some form of true bypass?
will the Ion ICTO4 needle fit a Stanton
will Ion ICT04 needle fit a Numark
My ion turntable! How do I instale it? I Tried to get old one off cant see how to remove it! Got any helpful input?
Is this a magnetic or ceramic cartridge? Thanks!
does this come with the screws to mount to the headshell? and will it be compatible with a panasonic rd-3600 turntable?
I need the whole assembly (I think it's the cartridge &amp; headshell) too. Where can I get it ?
I need the whole assembly. What comes with this purchase?
Does this come with the headshell ?
The picture of the Uke and theProduct Description do not show or say anything about this being an electric Uke?.
What is the finish - satin or gloss? Is it dark like the photo? Thanks!
What is the actual model of this uke? KA-KT, KA-MT, KA-TEM, or KA-TG, for example? Thanks.
no ones talking about it being electric ukulele can you plug it in a amp???
How long does this ukulele usually stay in tune for?
Where is it made ?
I had a beginners Ukulele, and the strings weren't nylon. Will I need to replace the strings with nylon once it ships? How was the quality of them?
What are the strings made of? Will they hurt my fingers?
I have pretty big hands and the tradicional size ukulele is too unconfortable... This one doesnt say the length of it, i really want a much bigger one
is Kala KA-C Satin Mahogany made in Hawaii or China?
How is the Tone Quality?
How easy is the action? I learned to play a uke when I was a kid so I could play with my dad and his old Martin tenor guitar but now I have arthritis
Does it come with an arched back or it's flat like most of the smaller (Soprano) ukes?
My husband is a very experienced guitar player (acoustic &amp; electric) &amp; has long fingers.Would this be a good uke for him?
What type of strings on this ukulele?
What are the dimensions of this ukulele?
High G or low G string?
Does it come pre-strung or do I have to string it myself?
What does the description "agates body" mean?
My hands are average in size &amp; maybe a little on the pudgy side. Sight unseen, would it be better to get a tenor or soprano based on that?
Does the seat spin or is it locked?
What is the maximum seat height ?
Will this throne be suitable for a 10 year-old boy, and is it easy for him to adjust height of seat? Thanks for your help. nanalorry
Does the DIGITECH RP500 include a "Drum Machine", i.e., several drum patterns that can be played anytime?
which is the function of the usb connection?
can this work for bass guitar as well?
Does each of the presets have a Amp a/b switch like the rp355/And how do you switch preset to stomp(rp355 needs two buttons pressed perfectly or else
can i connect my other pedals to this contrapcion? i have a favorite dis pedal that i still wanna use
does this unit have distortion overdrive sound like slayer thrash metal ?
I have use A digitech rp 150'pedal with a Roland Lucina ax,09 keytar with no problem,can the digitech rp 355 be use this way?
Can i add a boost pedal for my solos or a pre amp pedal ?
If i wanna do a solo and using a preset with a light drive how can i boost the distortion effect to do my solo,
I've made my user preset but now I don't know how to access it.
will this work for vocals. looking for something cheap want my daughter to her her voice different to get her more interested
What is your opinion on the shimmer effect? Love it? Hate it? Love-hate it?
I already have reverbs in my Vox VT15 amp, [very good] the Behringer DR600 and EH Holy Grail. [Both O.K.] Would this pedal do anything new for me?
I just bought this item but I am having trouble turning it on. Do i need a wall adapter? and a battery?
will this work with the 1 spot adapter ?
will this work with the 1 spot adapter ?
will this work with the 1 spot addaptor ?
how do i power it
does this work for bass
will this 'reverb' a and b seperatley without mixing them?
Does it come With Guitar strap
Is this gift a toy?
Is it adult or child size? if a person is 5'4" would it be too small?
is there a 30 day or money back guarantee?
is this an instrument for a girl of 9 years old?
Does anyone know about the action or height of strings? Would there be any issue pushing strings down (strength wise) for a 6 year old?
the smallest string broke what size will i need to replace it
are the strings good?
Does this include the guitar
Are the strings made of nylon or steel?
would it be good for a 12 year old
Can this be used by a left handed child? He just had surgery and Santa would like to get him a guitar to learn on while he recoups.
is this good for a 14 year old?
Is this an actual sized guitar, or a child size?
do i need to fix the strings by myself?
How big is 38"? Is it a suitable size for an average adult man?
Will this work for a Yamaha P35?
How much padding does this bag have? Is it padded enough to withstand a light fall or accidental hit against a wall?
Will this fit my moxf8?
Will an M-Audio 88es fit in this case?
Is this a harshell case?
waht is the width of the outside pocket? I need 24 inch for the p-105 music stand..
Will my Korg SP280BK 88-Key Fit?
Will this work for a yamaha DGX 650
Will this fit a Nord Stage 2 88/Nord Piano 2 88?
what are the dimensions of the exterior compartment please?
Can you please provide interior dimensions, including overall interior length and upper and lower bout measurements. Thanks!
Is it black or that kind of purple?
The interior is described as "plush." I'm not sure what Kala means by that. Is it furry? velvety? felty? something elsey? - Thanks!
will this fit a soprano kala ukulele?
Does it have backpack straps? or just one strap?
Will a 12" x 9" music book fit in the pocket?
Do I get free shipping to Brazil?
Is it black or that kind of purple?
Is the ukulele included in it? I'm a little confused because it said that ukulele+case.
Is it strong enough to load under the air plane?
do yo got jesus?
I cannot seem to find the rosin in the case! any help?
who tall and wide is this?
is it good for 10 year olds?
Does this violin come in the mahogany color as pictured?
Hi I'm 11, I can play at this age in a 4/4 violin? grateful that answers up
is this starter kit good for an adult that will be learning to play the violin?
It says it is temporarily out of stock, how long does it take for you to restock it and ship it to me?
is the fingerboard and peg made of wood
is the fingerboard and pegs made of wood
Whats the best Hohner pack that contains all 12 keys? Is there one or do you have to buy them separately?
Are these Special 20's made in Germany or are they from China? I saw one seller ships from China, and I was somewhat concerned.
Is this exactly like the Special 20 sold individually?
Can anyone confirm that the G is a "Low G" and not a "high G"? (believe it or not I recently ordered a harp that was called a "G" and it was a high G)
How many come in this case and list notes .
Hello, I would like to buy this guitar for my boyfriend but he is an experienced guitarist. Can this guitar suit him anyway?
Does it have an 1/4 inch output jack?
I see in picture their is a cable to connect to an amp but I dont see it in the description? Does it come with a cable?
Hello, can this guitar connect to a computer using an MIDI cable, or if I plug the guitar's speaker jack into the computer's "microphone" jack?
Which is better, an acoustic guitar or an electric guitar?
Do I have to plug the machine into en amp? My hammon organ feeds directly into the leslie.
What type of cables are needed to hook up the Alesis SR-18 to my Roland Bass Amp? Will a guitar cord work?
Does this machine have a preset user for 3/4 time?
Does it store drum patterns?
Is this a good drum machine to use for recording, I have a tascam 24 track digital recorder? Is it easy to use?
A review I read said you can't turn off the bass on the preset drum beats &amp; that you can't tune the bass to key you play a song in. Are these correct?
Does this machine include ethnic or tuned percussion like bodhran, tabla, frame drum, glockenspiel, chimes, or dumbek etc?
Does this work well for backing solo performers during live shows?
is this unit good for classic country
I mainly make hip hop and rock beats with Magix Music Maker. Is this compatable? and would you suggest it for Hip Hop beats?
I noticed that there is another place to plug in something next to the rca outputs.how can both play something?whatcablesdoineedtohavethem...
Can I use these with a StagePAS 400i portable sound system from Yamaha . I want to use them as a vocal monitor.
Can I plug this directly into my Laptop ?
Do these have a 3.5mm mini input? I'm looking to plug a turntable into them directly with no receiver. I need a basic set up to play records.
How long is the cable that connects the two speakers? I'd like to put them about 12' apart.
Will these speakers work as amplifier for entry level electronic drum set?
Can i use this like an amplifier for guitar?
Would these speakers work for a beginner recorder? Do they come with all the cords and everything needed to hook up to computer with? Do they plug into a computer or the audio interface?
what cords and how do i connect this to my laptop computer
Is it possible to remove the Behringer logo plate? It's embarrasing.
is this a pair of monitors or a single speaker?
What would i need to hook this up to a Behringer EUROLIVE VP1800S? I'm new to this
This looks perfect except for the 50Hz and Euro-connector. Q: Do any of the USA consumers of this product know which power adaptor for USA use?
can you use these with a laptop
what size woofer? and do they require 120 VAC or 240 vac
Does this case come with rack screws?
Standard equiptment is 19in" from side to side, so how will my pieces fit when this rack states rails at 20" apart? Is this a misprint?
can i us my traktor s2 mixer on top of the Odyssey FZGS1116WDLX ?
Can you plug this into a car?
Is there an adapter that works with this?
Does this amp have reverb and echo effects?
is it loud enough/project enough for street performing
how loud is the amp in decibels?
What kind of power cord adaptor does it have
How many dang watts?
What are the measured deminsions?
Does it come with an ac adapter
How many watts does thos amp have?
Does this work with the iPad?
does this work with serato?
Does this come with a full version of Virtual DJ 5 DJC, or is that an additional purchase?
will it cause crashes with any other sound cards? I have a Behringer Xenyx Q502 &amp; M-Audio fast track Ultra 8R, I wish to use one with the console
Is the sound card already built in?
Does this work with traktor?
Is this console compatible with win 7 &amp; 8?
Can you use youtube with it Let me know at: JayFusco2000@gmail.com
What is it made of, and where was it made?
How close is this in tone to the games? Namely Ocarina of Time.
Does the ocarina come with the box in the picture?
Does it come with any kind of neck strap?
whats the return policy if broken while shipped?
Your listing it in a place where it says Free Instructional Booklet Zelda Songbook Volume One Neck Strap Free Protective Bag Ver
I'm seriously confused, It says its from STL. However The price on their offical website is 60, and here its 17.96. How? Is it really the same product
Just purchased from STL Ocarina (not another seller)- What is the chance I'll get a knock off? Some poor verified reviews sound like knock offs...
Will I be getting the Zelda song book? Some reviews say they didn't receive one.
Is this Ocarina supposed to come with the Zelda Songbook Volume one?
The Product Features section notes that this tube is good for guitar amps. Does that make it less than ideal for a phono preamp?
Can I use this tube in Marshall Valvestate 2000 100 watt Combo?The EHX 12AX7 seem to have low volume on OD channel.
Is this tube good for preamp Pro MPAII I have 2 channel
Do you test and select these for gain, noise / hum, and microphonics? I have had very mixed results with Tung Sol 12ax7's in all 3 areas.
i have a laney cub 12r, i need to do an electronic job on it to install those tubes? i mean like a bias or something
Coul i use this product my ibanez tsa15c?
I have an Ampeg GVT52 that came stock with JJs. Love the JJs for their smooth tone, but would like to try something else, will these make much diff?
Will this work with the Bravo Audio Ocean tube amp? It seems that it's an 12AU7 vs a 12AX7, but maybe that does not matter.
What is the pole diameter and the weight of the base?
What is moveable plastic clip on the main shaft of the stand for?
can this stand fit on a CAD U37 mic
I recently purchased this and it's only about 3 feet tall, how do I extend it to 5 feet?
can it be painted?
Will it work with a blue Yeti microphone?
What type of mic clip do I need to order with this, or are they universal?
Would you be able to play acoustic guitar and use this mike for singing? How close do you need to be to the mike?
Does the thread adapter allow for 3/8" mount?
What are the dimensions of the bass plate? Diameter and height?
would this hold 3 heavy basses? I dont want to spend 100 dollars but I need to hold all of my basses in a small room. Also how long is the shipping box? I cant receive any packages over 36 inches.
Can it hold a flying V and a superstrat at the same time? I'm concerned about the tip of the wings of the V touching the floor.
Can this be adjusted to hold 3 ukuleles of different sizes?
do these type of stands rotate at all?
Will it hold two Fenders without becoming unatable?
which flames do I get if I order this guitar the flames in the product picture or the other flames that are around the strings like in the third pic?
is it left handed
where can I get a case for this that will fit it
will this work on fishman loudbox mini?
how many lbs can it hold?
Would this work with a Fender Rumble, which is deeper than typical guitar amps? (20 inches deep)
What are the dimensions? Width? Height?
Does it fold or collapse easily?
Can this stand hold a rather heavy 2x12 combo amp (Ampeg GVT52 212)?
I've heard that you lose tone when you take an amp off the ground. Is that true?
I am looking to use these stands for my stereo speakers, which are 7-1/4" wide, 15" high and 9" deep. Will they work for that size?
vox 50
Will this amp stand work with a Fishman Loudbox Mini?
how about for a bass guitar?
i was wondering if it would fit electric ?
does this stand work for an acoustic guitar
Is this good for an acoustic guitar?
this stan is good for cuatro to
How to assemble
Does this work for ukuleles?
will this fit a ukulele / guitalele?
When fully extended, how far is the part that holds the neck from the two prongs that stick out under the guitar?
Can someone do some measurements for me? How far apart from each other are the two pieces that stick out to hold the bottom of the instrument?
How many inches is the foot rest from the ground?
The footrest looks like it's just inches below the seat. How does that work?
Does the seat swivel?
I'm looking for something for my 7 year old son who is learning to play guitar. Would this work? He's an averaged size 7 year old at 4 feet tall.
what is the weight limit?
what is the max seat height ?
What is the height of the foot rest from the ground. From the photo it looks like it might be a little too high to be practical . . .?
ARE THESE STILL MADE IN KOREA?
Is this guitar left-handed or rigth-handed?
Does it come with picks or do you have to buy them separately?
Is this guitar a 38in one?
Nylon or Steel strings?
Does it stay in tune
I've been noticing reviewers speaking about "burn in". What is required with these buds?
Can I plug these into my ipod? What does it mean that they are for "wireless monitor applications"?
Has anyone tried using earphone ear hooks on these ear buds?
Does it work with nexus 5/android?
I'm thinking about buying earbuds and would like to know how long the cord i. Is it standard or longer.
I am looking for earbuds to use when watching movies on the iPad. Would these be a good fit?
I've purchased 3 of the 9volt Planet Wave Adapters for my Fender Mini Twin Reverb Amps. When I plug them in, I only get a humming noise. Troy,txs
What are the inner and outer diameters?
The spec says a Max Current of 300mA. I want to use it for BOSS MT-2 pedal which requires 200mA@9V DC. Can this be used?
Will it work with a Boss Looper?
Would this power source work with the Electro-Harmonix XO Big Muff Pi Pedal?
Can this be used to power/recharge a 9V portable DVD player?
Is this compatible with a Zoom G5?
Will this work with BOSS EQ GE-7 and BOSS Distortion DS-1?
will this work with my Vox 847A Wah Wah Pedal
Will this work with my JOYO Crunch Distortion pedal?
Does it come with a tuner.
what is the height in ft of the guitar?
Is this a bass guitar?
Does this guitar come with the power cable, or do I need to get one before it arrives?
does it come with a case or any bag?
can you add a whammy bar to this guitar?
Do these come in pair? or do i have to buy one for each side of the guitar?
Are these Nickel or Chrome?
Can these be used with the existing strap buttons that come on Music Man guitars such as the John Petrucci model or do you have to replace them?
do these fit on a sterling s.u.b. bass?
Can these be used with the existing strap buttons on an accoustic Taylor 714ce or do they requires screwing in new parts? I apologize for my ignorance
i have a 12 cords guitar which better narrow or wide format
Will this pickup work well with Luna safari series 3/4 size? If yes,then narrow or wide?
Hey there, any idea if this will work in a nylon-stringed classical guitar? Thanks!
I have a Martin D-15. Do I need the narrow or wide pickup?
How do you change the batteries?
Anyone have experience with this pickup in a cavaquinho? Or any recommendations of another pickup for a cavaquinho?
in yamaha fg720s narrow or wide?
How do I know if I need the wide or narrow version of this pickup?
Does anyone know why these are cheaper then Rokit 6's or any other KRK Rokit speaker?
Can you use a Robit 8 G-2 with G-3?
Would USB to dual XLR get rid of EMI caused from GPU ? I only get a hum noise when my GPU is stressed. Currently I'm using 3.5mm to dual XLR.
if i bought another one later could i connect them and use them as a pair?
What sound card are people using with these to connect them to your PC?
Is this price for one of two monitors?
Would this case fit a Guild Starfire III w/ a Bigsby?
Will my SKV semi hollowbody fit in this case?
i want to buy this for my husband's taylor 310ce....but I can't figure out if it will fit. Anybody know?
Will a danelectro '59 type guitar fit in one of these?
Will this case hold an Ibanez electric hollow body guitar
Will it fit an Epiphone ES 355 with a Bigsby?
Hi, will this case fit an Ibanez AF75?
Will this case work for a new Fender Starcaster Reissue based upon the 1976 Starcaster? Haven't been able to find a case or gig bag that works.
I have a Ventura Guitars Jazz guitar. Its basically the same dimensions as a Gibson ES 175. Will this case work?
WIll this case fit a Duesenberg Starplayer?
Does this desk come with the sliding computer keyboard shelf or does it need to be purchased separately?
what are the dinebsions of the work station
Can it be used with upright piano?
Where do the batteries attach?
Will the AC adapter come with the light?
How long is the cord on the AC adapter?
Does AC the Adapter have a USB end that goes into the wall plug &amp; do they have a slide or push button to turn on/off the light for the 2014 versions?
I'm assuming the picture shows the clip and lamps are shown on the same side just to take the picture. Can the lamps be rotated to the opposite side?
How can it be used freestanding? Can you remove the clip? Can it be screwed onto a surface?
could this be used as a book light?
In the picture the clip shows on the same side as the lamps.probably just to take the picture. Can the lamps be rotated in the opposite direction?
Does AC the Adapter have a USB end that goes into the wall plug &amp; do they have a slide or push button to turn on/off the light for the 2014 versions?
who made: Is from china or japan or usa
Is the same mixer as the Yamaha without usb? I am abailable to use it in a live concert without recording?
where do ear buds plug in to mg166cx mixer
Does it come with a carrying case?
Can I connect this mixer to my Yamaha or Onkyo receiver for output to my existing stereo speakers to use for my PA system? I have built in XLR jacks.
Please I need to know if this unit has variable voltage; i.e. 100v~220v, enabling it to be used overseas?
Is the cubase software included in this product ?
Is the USB multi-channel or stereo?
weighted
Best stand for the Yamaha P85? Any recommendations at ~$50?
Is the power cord/adapter included? stand? pedal?
is this piano worth 250?
I bought Yamaha P85 exactly 2 years ago, in 2011 Sept. We can't hear any sound any more. It disappeared completely 2 weeks ago. What should I do? We checked everything, everything is connected appropriately. Should I send it for repairement? If so,...
I wonder what the pickup range is? I require ~5- 6ft
Does it work with Windows 8.1?
Do you need software with this? How do you save files and how long can you record?
Hello, I would like to know if this mic works with USB 3.0 and USB 2.0. Thanks
Will this work with an iPad &amp; USB adapter?
I expect this case will fit Martin 000X1AE guitar - can I have a confirmation on that? Thank you.
Will a Ibanez AC240 fit
Will this ft the Taylor Big Baby 15/16 scale guitar?
Will the Blueridge BR-60CE fit in this case for Air Travel?
Should this fit a standard acoustic guitar with a standard cutaway?
Will this fit a Blueridge 143, 163, 183?
will this fit a Guild D 28?
The dimensions of my guitar are LB 15", MB 9.25", UB 11.25", BL 19". Will it fit into this case?
Does this fit the 000 12 fret style guitar or a 000 14 fret guitar
Will this case fit a Walden Natura G730 guitar?
does anyone that owns this case use it on a firebird with mandolin tuners?
does anyone that owns this case use it on a firebird with banjo tuners?
Will It Fit ESP LTD EX-50?
I have an 8x8 size studio, what size KRK monitors would be proper for this size of studio?. Thank You
I'm from the Philippines. is the voltage good for 220V as well?
Would i need anything else to use these speakers on a mac desktop? Meaning would the speaker hook up to the mac without any additional parts?
Wait, im confused... where do i plug in the XLR cables? This can't go into my audio interface and the speaker itself at the same time... help???
Are the KRK Rokit 5 monitors magnetically shielded? In other words, are they safe to place next to computer monitors like Apple Thunderbolt displays?
will these speakers hook up to a stereo receiver in any way?
will these speakers hook up to a stereo reciever with some speaker wire?
are power cables included?
What cables should I buy if I have these speakers already?
For the excellent sound in stereo of digital piano (Roland RP 301) playback is this product as pair perfect? Are they mach for the digital piano???
what are the hole sizes on the head of the guitar?
How do I get just the neck piece?
What are the dimensions of the neck thickness? I prefer a thinner neck
May I buy just a seperate bass neck from the company? If yes, please direct pe to selection of models, sizes and price.
May I buy just a seperate bass neck from the company? If yes, please direct pe to selection of models, sizes and price. Thank you very much. Ric
What is the best way of bolting on the neck? I plan on using wood glue with the screws. Are the screws strong enough,How did you get the neck to hold?
Is the body unfinished with no lacquer for wood burning effect ?
Is the guitar available in Mahogany with Maple table ? (I don't want basswood)
is the body able to be stained or painted ?
Where can I find just the internal wiring and the hardware?
I bought one about three months ago, and my friend just took it back to China and gave it to me. I assemble it but it doesnot work. Why
Hello, I'd like to buy it with an European adapter, is that possible? How much does it cost?
I bought one about 3 months ago and my friend just took it back to China and gave it to me. I assemble it but it doesnot work.
which power supply is this theremin shipped with? Is it possible to choose between US or EU?
Does this Theremin come complete ready to play? in other words, does it have integrated speakers (does not require a separate amplifier &amp; speakers). Just plug it in and play it? I'm getting it as a gift for someone. Does it require a stand or can it be...
What stand would you recommend for this? I'm not sure how you would attach it to a microphone stand, as suggested by someone.
What are the dimensions of this item?
is there a theremini for right handed "bow" as to say?
I notice 2 inputs on the rear. Do I need to use them both for proper operation?
What would be the best amplifier to buy for these speakers?
I have 2JBL's JRX125 dual 15" 2-way speaker sounds perfect but I am getting old so I like something lighter but quality has to be close!
Are those screws holding just the steel grill over the woofers? Can the grills be easily taken off?
i have the pyle pd1000a receiver with binding posts on the back these speakers have these 2 male mono conectors. so how does this hook up work.
Are these speakers made with the ability to mount on speaker stands?
Can I bridge these to the Crown DriveCore XLS1500 amp I ordered?
How can i bridge these speakers since they have 1/4 inch inputs instead of a positive and a negative?
Can a crown 1500 dual drive amplifer drive these speakers
My pyle has a 4 ohm to 16 ohm independence will pd1000a drive these speakers i'm looking for thumping bass
What is the difference between this microphone and the AT2020 PLUS?
Is there other equip. that's needed/useful to buy with this to set up a nice vocal recording area?
Any reason why this could not be used with a lightning connector/adapter directly into an iOS device?
Is this microphone as good as the Blue Yeti? I hear a lot of people recommend the Yeti.
Does it come with the connection?
Does this mic have a mute so if you don't want the mic picking up something you can just mute it? If it doesn't would their be anyway of doing this?
anyone know if you can mount this directly onto a rode swiveling mic stand? do you need to buy some additional piece to do it
Do you know where I can buy a replacement pivoting stand mount for the At2020. I can't find mine ...
I have a really loud computer. Will this microphone pick that up?
Does it pick up background noise?
how is the sound being plugged vs not being plugged to an amp?
how is the action? Is it hard to press down on the strings?
I can not use my amp:(
Y I can not use amp with this guitar?..is this problem only for me?... when I plugged in the amp, it doesn't make any sound
Does this guitar have an adjustment rod in the neck ?
Does this guitar have both pins at the top an bottom of it for a strap? the Picture doesn't show any
I have been playing guitar for awhile and have begun performing. I am a college student so I cannot afford top notch. Is this guitar a good choice? Right now I have a pretty nice Yamaha. I am looking for something a little smaller though. How big is...
Can the Singing Machine be used without being hooked up to a T.V.?
Will this machine play regular CD's as well?
does this play ipods
Who makes this and why didn't they respond to the people who had problems with it ?
how long is the mic?
is this good for kids?? 5 and up??
Does this machine come with a power cord
Does the karaoke machine include a microphone?
Is there a wireless microphone that is compatible with the singing machine 385?
Cau you connect to your tv and be able to see the words on the screen?And also play recorded cds
How wide is the book/music area?
Are there any clips to hold the music book open?
How heavy is this stand? Is it easy to carry around?
what country was this manufactured in?
What is the maximum height of the bottom rim on which the book/sheet would rest?
How do you get the center stem to extend? Legs took brute strength, but center won't budge. Damaged?
Can these be used for both the vocals and the music, or do you need separate speakers for the music?
what are the dimensions of each speaker? (description shows shipping dimensions)
Can I connect these with standard speaker wire? I ahve an older karaoke system i still like to use
What is the connection method? Do you need an amp or something?
is this come with the stands?
Can I use connect VocoPro DA-3700 directly to the SV-500 speaker?
Is this guitar electric? Can it be lpugged into an amp?
How wide is this guitar neck at the nut? thx
what is the length and width of this guitar?
&iquest;Should i get this one or the Epiphone dr100? Im an adult (1.80m tall) and im worried about its size.
Does it have strap attachments?
How wide is the fret board just below the nut?
Is this nylon or steel strings?
Is this a good guitar for a 6 year old?
Are the strings nylon or steel?
So, what does the lifetime guarantee cover?
This is a dumb question but is there a difference when you buy them in pairs or two single?
Do they come with built in crossovers?
Are these speakers self-powered?
Are they pole mounted?
If you added an 8ohm subwoofer to each side with these would that make it a 2ohm configuration?
For a wedding would these sit on the floor or would it be best to put them on top of something?
Behringer iNuke NU4-6000 or Behringer EUROPOWER EP4000 for these?
Would these be good for DJ'ing?
Do these have good bass and sound quality?
Would these be good for live bands? I see a lot of DJ reviews. I am leaning towards these, but, don't want to make a mistake just to save $$$
hi what are the internal dimensions? would equipment that is 18Wx17D fit comforably? also what is the weight capacity of each shelf?
What is the height of this unit?
What is the vertical hole spacing? Are holes grouped in threes 5/8" on center, 1/2" between groups? (i.e. EIA/ECA-310-E 1.75" rack unit spacing?)
Are there rails or shelves available?
Are these powered?
ARE CONNECTORS BANANA CLIP
Can you use a mixer as an amp if so what would be the best?
What size (diameter) stands do these speakers take?
Do they come with the 1/4 input cables or do we have to buy them separately?
I just bought the Pyle PMX840BT (http://www.amazon.com/Pyle-PMX840BT-... will these speakers work with it?
how is the bass?
i have a behringer 2000. would these speakers b ok for the power amp ??
Do I need two 1/4 inputs to plug in the back or can I just use one?
can I mount these on a wall?
Could I gig with just one of these cabs alone?
The bottom photo shows a volume control. Is this accurite? No, it's a photo of the MB 210. This is a SL 210.
I am not clear. Its a 400 watts RMS / 800 watts peak ? or is a 200 watts RMS / 400 watts peak ?
Sounds like my speakers are busted...is there any way i can change the speakers instead of buying a new cabinet ? Also I would like to go louder if so
Will the "Seismic Audio - 210 Bass Guitar Speaker Cabinet" work with the "Behringer BXD3000H Bass Guitar Amplifier Head"?
How can I turn this into a home theatre system for my bedroom?
If I got two of these 2x10 cabs, what amp heads could drive that?
My daughter has a 1/2 violin - will this case work for it? If not, do you have a case that comes in purple that will fit a 1/2 size violin?
Does the case come with a velvet blanket to put on top of the violin?
Can you attach the backpack straps to it?
i want to know the length and width of this case. Thanks
There are two different picture of the black one. Which one is it? With leather face or not?
Does this have a shoulder strap or back pack strap. My son has a 3/4 violin. I am reading that this case is kind of snug. Should I get the 4/4 case
Does this case come with a shoulder rest compartment, or is there a place to put it in?
will a buescher 400 tenor sax fit without modification?
tenor sax will it fit?
Will the outside pocket hold a music folder, with sheet music in it (about a 9"x12" folder)?
I'm a tenor saxophone player and I really need a new case for my sax. I have a 2006 L.A. custom Tenor sax. I really need to know if it'll fit.
Is there a zipper for the main (saxophone) compartment? Product description only says that it has a velcro closure. thanx.
My daughter travels by plane with her Sax. Would this case hold up to that?
My horn is 29 1/2" long and the bell is 9 1/4" from wide. with a 6" bell.. Will this fit in this case?
what are the demensions
How big is this toy?
How many do you get in a set ?
how many per pack
How many come in a package for this item?
approximately what size is this?
where is it made?
How is this device powered? Does it take batteries or does it us ac power?
Lyrics??? Does the Memorex MKS-SS1 SingStand Home Karaoke System show lyrics somewhere (like regular Karaoke)?
Iphone: Does this (Memorex MKS-SS1 SingStand Home Karaoke System) work with the Iphone?
Can you use a iPhone instead of a iPod
Will it work for poetry readings
How tall is the stand? I'm looking for something for a child.
Has anyone found a solution to resting an i-touch in the sing stand: Has anyone found a work around?
Is there a way to record the person singing?
Can we put a smart phone/ iphone in the receiver and it will work? That is where we have all of our music stored and our little girl loves tosingtoit!
the mic. clip at the top of the ipod holder is broken and also the mic. holder on the pole is broken. can these parts be ordered, and if so, where?
Does this actually come with the shelves? Or is it just the black unit? Because above it looks like people had to also buy the shelves separately.
what material are the walls of the unit made?
I found I can fit these cabinets in frontt of each other, can these units can take wheels or casters or other way to make movable
What are the inside dimensions, width, height and length? I am wondering if my current crate will fit on each shelf.
What is the width of this item?
what are the dimensions of this item
Will a taylor grand auditorium guitar fit in this case?
will this fit a 2014 Epiphone 50th 1964 Caballero acoustic?
Will this case fit a taylor 512?
will it fit a mid '70's Guild F-30 ?
Looking for a hard case to fit a Gypsy Spalt Grand Auditorium Acoustic Guitar. I don't have the measurements but wonder if you know if it will fit?
What are the interior dimensions I have a classic spanish guitar george
Does this have a lock? electric style head, 41" long, under 4" wide, 15" at widest bottom point, 11 2/3" upper curve which case fits with lock
Will this case fit a Blueridge BR43? I'm thinking yes?
Is it going to fit a mini jumbo seagull
Will an OM style guitar fit this case?
does it come with the clear strips, or do i buy those separately?
Do you have one for a 13" snare?
Can this be used in Meinl cajon? As in DIY installation? Thanks!
Does this come with the plastic strands to attach them to the drum? If not, where do I get those?
How well does it clean carpet?
How does it work on stairs
Is assembly required ? Is it difficult to put together? Are screws, etc. included? Thank you.
iS THIS THE BIG ONE OR SMALL?
Does it really steam? Can you see the hot steam coming out?
Is there a warranty on the Model 1623
Can the Bissell .17N4 also be used on ceramic tile floors?
what does the steam machine come with?
Where is the clean water tank?
When cleaning carpet I know you add water but where does dirty water go when cleaning carpet?
Superior Drums 2.0: Will this same version also run as 64 bit in Windows 7?
Im seriously about to buy this. Just one question: On how many pc's can i put it on if i buy? If more than one, i'm buying it as soon as i read the answer
This is not an upgrade right and this is full version? The price just seems too low because the manufacturer sells it for $349 on their site. Thanks!
I saw where Superior drums works in Windows XP. So, why is it that EZ Drummer 2 won't? Or should I say, it will not work with my Windows XP.
I'd like to use this with my Roland TD11 Drums. Is it easy to assign pads for EZ Drummer? It seems to me this would be a great upgrade in sounds.
is this going to work on my windows 8.1??
Is there windows 8 support?
Will this product support the EZdrummer expansion packs. Specifically the Nashville and Rock Solid EZX ones?
Will this work with Logic Express 9?
How long will the battery last?
Okay, the big question. Orange Crush or Pignose?
Will any 9v adapter work to power it or does it need a special one?
Is this amp good for clean acoustic sound not just electric?
Can I use it for a bass?
I just received the Orange Mini Micro Crush and I pushed the Power Button and it didn't turn on. Do I have to connect my guitar to it first?
any chance the amp is powerful enough to use for busking (playing in the street corner), and not necessarily in a room?
will this work for an acoustic bass guitar?
would this work with bass? Electric Cello? If not, what would you reccomend? Battery powered
The tone on mine isn't nearly as clear as others have praised. The upper strings are fine, but low E and A sound really crunchy. Anyone else?
Dimensions?
dimensions again to be sure: the ads say "Product Dimensions: 50 x 12 x 26 inches". Is this really true ? If yes, it is a very large bag.
Would this fit a 61 key Yamaha PSR S710? Any other keyboard case suggestions for a Yamaha PSR S710?
Can this bag hold 76 Yamaha key board with stand? I need to carry to class
Will the moxf6 fit perfectly in this bag?
what are dimensions
Would you please measure the bag? The Yamaha 235 is 43+ inches long.
can yamaha ypg 235 fit in this bag?
Will a Yamaha PSR-GX76 Keyboard fit in this bag? Also, would the stand need to be carried separately?
WILL THIS FIT A YPG235 AND THE STAND
can someone give the inside dimensions of this case. I have a keyboard that is 48.5X17X7.5 and want to make sure it will fit.
Will I be able to wear it like a book bag?
Can you use a microphone and guitar at the same time? And can you use delay on the mic channel &amp; guitar channel at the same time?
can this handle an acoustic bass
Does anybody else have a problem with the amp humming loudly when it's plugged in?
How is the outdoor performance? Would it work well with a projector and outdoor screen for backyard summer movies?
Can it be hooked up to a roland cm 30 amplifier for stereo sound? (For use with a Roland keyboard)
does it mount on a mic stand
What kind of battereis does this amp work on?
How many inputs? can I use a guitar and a microphone with two different inputs and controlls?
Does the amp come with a power cord?
xlr to 1/4inch: is is ok to use xlr to 1/4 inch adaptor on my shure 57 so I can plug into mobile cube..will it affect sound?
what is the length and width of mount bracket
Is this a pair of mounts or just a single mount?
Are these sturdy enough to hold Mackie SRM450's? I plan to augment it with rigging kit as well. Thx
i want to wall mount two fender passport cabs and the mount hole appears to be 1 5/8" do you believe this mount is appropriate?
Are these able to be installed on brick? Can anyone recommend an anchor?
Can I install this on Drywall??
What is the measurement from the bracket to the actual adapter that fits into the speaker? I'm trying to figure out if my speakers are too wide
will these brackets work for Yamaha StagePas 600i speakers?
Will this really hold the 80 lbs?
Will these brackets work for Phonic S710 speakers?
Does it come with a case?
What case is best for this guitar?
Is this guitar made in the USA or in Japan?
Can the cup holder be rotated once locked into position or must it be verticle? The bar on my boat I want to attach this to is at an angle.
Dos the clamp fit on a Manhasset music stand?
Does it hold a standard PINT sized beer glass?
Does anyone know if any of theses cup holders accomidate a Coozy?
Does it hold a 12-oz beer can okay?
Has anyone tried using these on crutches?
Would this work with the kind of plastic cup some bars serve beer in?
Does this particular item come with a wireless remote or do I have to purchase one separately?
Does the bubble king leak? I want to attached to my bike during the Halloween parade.
Would it work out doors? And what bubbles work best with this machine?
Does it work 230V?
220
Can this be used as a foam machine as well?
How long is the cord from the mic to the transmitter plug?
Do you have the polar response chart for this mic? Or at the very least can you tell me its polar pattern?
Can this mic be used with other brand packs as long as the connection is the same? I don't have a sennheiser.
Will this work with iOS devices when using the Apple USB/Camera adapter kit?
Does this work in FL Studio?
&iquest;Does the box include a MIDI cable?
will this work with windows 8.1?
Planning on getting a Blue Yeti Shock Mount and was wondering if this was going to be able to support the weight?
Will this work wiht my Audio-Technica 2100? Will I need an adaptor? If so, which one? Thanks!
Will the Samson meteor mic fit on this? Thanks!
how does this mount to the desk?
can i mount a blue snowball to this without buying a shock mount?
I was thinking of using this to mount a Sennheiser MK4 (about 1.5 lbs) on a vertical wall or on the ceiling to get rid of a stand. Will it work?
Im getting this with the Audio Technica 2020, Witch pop filter would be good for this?
How wide is the desk mount. I use a Ikea Lack desk which is quite thick. (About 2 1/8 inches)
I was going to buy this and I'm not sure how this would work with my Yeti's usb. I mean how far will it reach to connect to my pc?
is this compatible with the audio technica at2020
Is this a full size thine line guitar.
Could somebody measure (in mm) the size of fret board at fret 1 and fret 12 please. Thank you very much
where is the guitar made? is it china?
where does it made? Thanks
How does the guitar sound unplugged?
Was wondering about the playability, does this guitar have a low action and easy to play?
the strings are nylon or metal?
Does it include a tuner with the 4 band EQ???
How tall is the guitar in inches?
I order two times how come still get defective one? are they good quality?
What is the weight of this instrument?
What is the height of the instrument with the stand? I am trying to find a good location for it in my house. Thank you.
I read comments for the Yamaha 535 and saw that some people said that the keys click after pressing them. Does anyone find that with this keyboard?
Heard DGX series is marketed in countries other than US and Canada. Could this still be used in US or do I need some sort of voltage convertor?
does it have a pedal?
can I get a head set for private practicing?
The picture does not show a music rest (music holder). Does it come with one?
Does this have keys that are weighted and feel like an upright piano? Also do the keys make any unwanted noise when playing?
Notable "Features" over DGX-505 ?
How long is it (in inches)?
I plugged the speakers into my multitrack recorder but the sound is so silent I can barely hear it. Do I need to buy an amplifier? Or is there a site where I can see a how-to manual?
What is the exact size (W*D*H) of one speaker?
Can these be daisy chained?
What type of connections do these speakers have,speakon I hope?
Does this microphone offer noise cancelling feature?
will it work with a cannon rebel
can you use it as an baby walkies talkie?
Is there also a hand held mic available to use with this system?
Will this plug into my Olympus OM-D E-M1??
Can you tell me what the frequency range is.
I'm new to wireless lav's. When you say tuner that means receiver correct?
Is it possible to use two Sony UWP transmitters/mics with one receiver?
Does this record your voice? or does it transmit to a live recorder? If these do record Do you need a SD card or just plug in your computer?
Range of calibration? (435-445 Hz? Less? More?)
Will it work with a Bass?
Is this good for piano tuning also?
Can I use this tuner on brass instruments?
Will this tune a Native American wooden flute,F flat
Does it act as a note drone? (Can you set it to play a note constantly, as long as you want to help you tune a piece)
can i use this to tune a piano?
I asked earlier about the case smelling bad. I should have included that the case my flute came in is the soft one. Smell???????
How much in LBS does the flute weigh without case?
is this flute for high school student
can you tell me the dimensions of the case? length, width and height
is this a side-blown flute?
What is the difference between HFL-200 and HFL-300 ? Is HFL300 a upgraded and high quality version of HFL-200 ?
You say you ship worldwide, but I get an error when trying to order. I live in Norway.
Could this item be shipped to Ireland?
Does anybody else find the case has a very objectionable smell??
What extra stuff does it come with?
Is this useful if you use a wireless system to transmit the signal from instrument to pedal board?
Is this useful if you use a wireless system to transmit the signal from instrument to pedal board?
INPUT: compatible wiTh an AKG C411L mic powered wiTh AKG B29L?
Does this DI have a ground lift?
can both outputs be used at the same time?
Which general equalization do you recommend for using with acoustic guitar for best results during Playing Live?
INPUT: compatible wiTh an AKG C411L mic powered wiTh AKG B29L? OUTPUT: compatible with amp or APOGEE ONE (Mac)?
With this and a l.r baggs violin pickup, does it work like a bluetooth or wireless device that you don't have to plug the pickup into the D.I?
with this and l.r baggs violin pickup, can I plug it into my computer's speakers and play the instrument ?
How can I use this DI box with a L.R Baggs violin pickup?
will this work for a viola?
Can I use the pickup without the amplifier ?
How do I amplify the pickup?
Is the 'external jack mount' a regular carpenter jack? Is there a photo you could include? Thank you.
Is the chinrest jack a 1/4"? What style is the chinrest; Guarneri, etc.?
Is setting up that tripod part difficult? How "stretched out do u put the tripod
The Fishman system here vs the Bose L1 Compact... which is better?
Can you use a electric guitar with stomp boxes with this pa
Could I use this with a jazz quartet with drums for my vocals? How bigger audience? Thanks Johanna
WHAT IS THE STANDARD WARRANTY ON THIS ITEM NEW?
does this controller work for the chauvet mini kinta
I have the adj mega par profile plus rgb+uv. aside from the rgb, is the obey 40 capable of controlling the uv light?
This product can move a head light? , I have a I3C CREE LED Mini Moving Head RGB State Party DJ Effect Light - 7 x 10W , I can use with this light
Is this unit midi compatable?
I just bought 2 of the chauvet 4 bar Tri's and the obey 40. Can i dim my lights with this controller?
When programming scenes if you unplug this device does it forget?
brand new Obey 40 not working with new intimidator. Plug in, irregular response. Cannot repeat actions - defective unit?
can fit on 19 in rack
Are there only 8 chases with this controller, or is there 8 chases per bank
So i got these lights ( 86 RGB LED ) fixtures can it control these kind of lights
Does this Fender 007 two button switch work with a Fender Super Champ X2 Head and cabinet?
Will this switch work with the Champion 40?
Can this work with a Fender Mustang 1 V.2?
Will this pedal work on a Princeton Chorus ? ( for Channel, and Chorus )
It works with amp Fender Champion 20?
Will this work on a Peavy Classic 30 amp?
Will this work for a '94 Fender Champ 25 SE?
can this be used with an alesis sr 16 drum machine for start/stop and fill ?
Is this compatible with the Fender Champion 100?
Would this pedal work on a Marshall MG250DFX?
does this come with the full version of pod farm?
Are those inputs on top of the device? And do you need to plug in speakers to hear sound?
Can someone explain to me how to set this up to record? And does you computer need a Mic or built in Mic to record?
What is the Winodws System requirements?
Looking for a replacement lead? Usb to what? can anyone help me out? thanks.
mac
will this work with windows 8?
Pod Studio UX2 vs. Tone Port UX2: Anyone know what the differences between these two models are aside from color?
Does the ux2 come with POD Farm 2.5 or just POD Farm?
Is it compatible with AMD based systems?
Does this have a USB port
Could I also use this as a replacement for the rocksmith toneport?? (that's not all I'd be using it for but rather not have to buy both items).
Can it handle heavy distortion when recording with the SM57?
Hi, Does it come with a USB Cable?
Is there anything I should grab to go with this or is it all there? I am looking to start recording metal guitar. Can this thing alone handle that?
Is the XLR input stereo?
is it left handed?
what is the top wood
Does this ukulele have aquila strings?
good for kids?
Does a beginner's 'learn to play' book come with it? This is for my 10 yr old grandson.
Are Aquila Strings still standard? I purchased a Lanikai years ago and want to recommend to a friend to purchase but worry they are not.
Is this uke "set up"?
Does anyone know for sure if this can be bought and played left-handed correctly straight from the box? As in no restringing?
color? which color is it?
white strings? Does this particular uke come with white Aquila strings?
What is the maximum height of these stands? I can't seem to find height info in the description.
Do these stand fit JBL Eon 15" Speakers?
what is the max weight the will hold?
I have presonus es8 speakers. Will they fit on this stand? I'm just confused how they attach to it. I don't see any base for the speaker to sit on
What if I want to sustain a note/chord for a minute or more? Is there a way to achieve this? What do I need? Thx.
Does this pedal work for Yamaha S90 XS (Year 2009) ?
What are the actual dimensions of the pedal - just wondering if the dimensions given in the description are those of the pedal or the box it comes in
Does this pedal make a clicking sound when pressed? Thanks!
DOES THIS HAVE A WARRANTY?
Should there be one owner's manual in the box?
Does it have the switch for either polarity
Will this work on an older Yamaha electronic keyboard model PSR 300m?
Does this pedal work on a Williams Allegro electronic piano? How do I know it's a 1/4'' sustain jack?
Does this work with CTK-2080? Does it have the half-sustain function?
What kind of Microphone work with this Product? I have the Behringer C-1 Microphone which is not working. I just got it two days ago. Please help.
Can I hook up a wireless mic receiver with line in/out thru this mixer for the mic to work?
How do i hook up a wireless mic with line in/out on reciever for the mic to work thru this mixer?
analog outputs Ok ?
Blue Icicle? Does this work ok with Windows 7?
Does the microphone chord come with it?
How long Is The USB Cable?Will I Be Able To Comfortably Record Music With My Mic Stand Or Should I Buy an Male To Male XLR
Does this device hook straight into the XLR male connectors on the mic itself? Is an XLR cable really needed?
When connected to an AT2020, I noticed that only half of the "ICICLE" is lit up. Is the Icicle defective?
Provided I had the right cable, could I hook up my guitar to my computer with this device?
Does This Work for Mac?I Have CAD GXL2200 Condenser Microphone..I've Been Having Issues With My Mbox Mini 3 So I Want To Invest In This Product.Smart?
As a voice over artist I wear headphones to monitor as I record and cannot figure out how to avoid the sound delay since there is no headphone out...
Does anyone have an issue with plugging this into USB3.0 port? Its not detecting for my system.
Can I record my mic audio directly to a USB?
is the pocket big enough to hold a music book?
Does it have a neck strap inside to keep the headstock centered (avoid de-tuning)?
Would this fit a Squier SA 105 ?
What is the actual product dimension? Amazon list 44" but actual is less than that --- like 41" or 42". Can anyone confirm on your actual measurement
Will it fit Yamaha FG700S Acoustic Guitar?
would a yamaha c 40 full size guitar fit in this bag
Do you think A Rogue RA-090 Dreadnought Acoustic Guitar would fit in this bag?
Is it for full size guitar
Would it fit these measurements? Length=20" Width=15 3/4" Max Depth 5"
How suitable would this case be for carrying an acoustic guitar and transporting on a bike?
Does anyone know what the actual warranty is on these?
Reading the reviews, it seems that a lot of people use these as replacements for computer speakers, Naturally they are going to sound worlds apart from typical computer speakers. I'm interested in using them as stereo speakers (connected to a cd...
Is this a pair of speakers or one speaker like the TRUTH B1030A, and how does the sound quality compare to the TRUTH B1030A?
which is the frequency response in Hz-KHz (TRUTH B3031A)
Can this attach to a DSLR? If so, do you need to buy a separate attachment?
Will this mic work with PC?
is it good for overlaying harmonies and piano??
Can it work with iPad / iPhone devices?
If it's a condenser mic then where does it get 48v phantom power? I didn't see any extra cables or ports in the photos.
is it good for iphone5
Can I plug two of these into a Tascom DR-40 recorder to recorder a two person podcast, or does that require a splitter of sorts.
Does this work with a TASCAMiXZ input to an Ipad?
Is this porduct good for recording group discussions each person 3-5 feet away
Can I connect it to a Digital recorder? I mean is there a compatibility?
Will this fit Jackson Pro Series in Gloss Black?
Will this fit the Dean Schenker V's with the large style headstock?
BC Rich KKV (kerry king V) and Jr. V ? thanks
Will this fit a Hamer XT flying V? Thanks!
Would this case fit a V shaped guitar (esp dv8) which has a wider than average 18.5 inch V-span?
would this case fit a Dean guitars Michael amoot tyratt X splatter 47" X 18" ?
will it fit an epiphone LP ultra pro
Will this bag snuggly fit a Stratocaster?
Will it fit a dean ml?
Will this fit the Epiphone Elitist
Can anyone help me with the measures of this gigbag? Thanks!!
If I'm mainly keeping my Strat on a stand and moving it around myself (~2x a week, on my back not throwing it in cars and stuff) it this good enough?
Will this fit the Epiphone es 333?
dimensions?
Are There Strap Brackets on It?
Is This Banjo Open-Backed?
Do I need to put a battery in the guitar to make it play through the amp? I get no sound out of the amp. And how do you open the battery case?
the description shows two different amplifiers. Which one does this PR 4E Player Pak come with?
Does it include power cable to connect with the amp?
How is the action on this guitar? I'm looking for a guitar with extremely low action, and the last time I bought a cut away, the action was unplayable
How do you tie the strap if the bottom of the guitar does not have a screw which I did not see from the picture.
I'm not too sure about the weight of the package mentioned? What's the exact weight in kilos of the whole package?
My son searched for left handed acoustic guitars and this came up. I ordered it and it came and it is a right handed guitar. Do you have left hand in this package?
Is this a lefty guitar I did a lefty guitar search..it looks standard righty to me
Does this guitar have a built in tuner? Looking for a starter guitar and it seems like that would be a helpful feature.
Does the case have straps on the back like a backpack?
What are the internal dimensions? My Yamaha F 325 has an unusually wide lower bout ("hips") of 16 1/4" (16.25").
Would this fit an acoustic bass guitar?
I bought a Seagull S6 Original Acoustic Guitar, Product Dimensions 8 x 24 x 36 inches ; 8 pounds. I want to know does this bag fit with my guitar?
Will this case fit a Breedlove passport d200/smp??
Will a 38" cutaway style acoustic guitar fit in this case?
Does it come with a shoulder strap?
One pic shows a hygrometer, the other does not. Is it included?
Is there a zipper all around the lid, or is that one velcro clasp all that holds the lid shut?
Is there a zipper compartment on the top to hold music?
Does this case latch as well as zip?
Did the hinges break on your violin case after few months?
Does it fit your standard bows in the violin? Some people are saying that its a hard fit.
What are the interior measurements? I have a custom-made violin that is a little wider at the base, and I need an interior that is at least 8.5" wide.
What's the wt of the case itself?
I just received &amp; can not open it. Please tell me how to open the brass lock!!!! No instructions, no key...
mine is 1920ish slingerland banjo With a over all length of 30" and top of headstock to body of 18". will this case work for me?
Anyone notice a very strong odor when opening the case? I can't quite place the smell formaldehyde or something How long before it goes away?
Will a Jameson - 5 string with 24 brackets fit in this case?
Does this case accommodate a banjo that has guitar styled tuners?
Will it fit my banjo if I pack it with the resonator off? Don't want it to wobble around and injure my lil sweetie
Does anyone know whether this will fit a Washburn B9 banjo?
Will this accommodate specifically a gold tone?
My grandson has a Ibanez B200 Lenght 14, Width 14, Max Depth 4 5/6 will it fit in this case
I have a deering 2 left hand banjo will this fit
Will this case be a good fit for a 4 string gretch 1883
What is the diameter and length of the stem on these casters? I have a bass amp with caster sockets already installed.
are these pretty standard? I have a vertical 2 X 12 Laney cab-canI assume these would fit my cab?
Do they Swivel easily? My current casters seem to resist wanting to align &amp; move in the same direction.
It says these are rated for 80 lbs per caster, so theoretically these could support 320 lbs? I am thinking they would be good for a 100lb subwoofer?
Hi, I have An Acoustic B200 combo amp. It has caster insets built-in. Do you think these will work?
Anyway i can find those in 1 1/2 " diameter wheels? Tkssss
Can you transpose on this keyboard?
Is it portable? I'm looking for something to take with me to jams, will this work?
Does the ctk 4000 come with a users manual? Does anyone know if the ctk 4000 comes with the users manual?
Is this keyboard weighted, or is it just touch sensitive ?
is it a full playing adequate starter keyboard for a beginner
I just purchased a used WK-200. There is no music holder on the back. Is there one made for it ?
We have the WK-200, but we don't have a mic for our young son to use with it. Does anyone have a recommendation for microphones with this keyboard? I was considering this one for the price and reviews: http://www.amazon.com/Singing-Machine... But, I...
Does this piano have weighted keys?
Can it create the sound of thunder?
does it have an in/out midi?
Does this plug into a PA system or only plays thru the speakers? Our church plugs into a PA system. Thank you
I just bought the unit and the headphone jack is not working. I have tried different adapters and headphones. Anyone else having this problem?
Can the keyboard be used with car 12volt plug?
does it connect to amplifier
What is the model of Power supply included in this bundle?
What is the model of Power supply included in this bundle?
How is the sound of this thing? Every video I've seen records the sound with a microphone, rather than a direct connection. so I can't be sure.
Damper pedal for the Yamaha EZ-200 61 Full-Sized Touch Sensitive Lighted Keyboard Bundle: Includes Professional Headphones, Keyboard Stand, and Power Supply forum: Yamaha EZ-200 61 Full-Sized Touch Sensitive Lighted Keyboard Bundle: Includes...
Do the LCD display suppose to lightup?
Is it easy for this unit to record into a format that could be edited on music software? and also can a microphone be plugged in?
About the keyboards learning features: My main question is does anyone know if you can turn off the learning features such as the lighted keys and so forth?
Can I plug in a sustain pedal?
Do I need to buy a midi cord to plug into computer or is there a usb port and a record button on the unit to save easily to a flashdrive??
Can a USB headset work with this or do i need a headphone jack?
Does any of the EZ-220 keyboards come with USB port?
Are the keys weighted?
can anyone please give me the measurements/size of the speakers? And the Amp? I cant find the specs anywhere and would Love to know, Thank You!
Do you need a amp with this unit?
Can I lay songs from my computer through this system?
does this come with all cables
Would this be good for a talent show that is mostly music. I want to make sure the music sounds good, not just talking.
how many watts does each speaker have?
how far away can the speakers be to microphone? Or can one speaker and one microphone be near tuner but other set can be at what distance?
I would like to know if these speaker would work well with Numark Mixtrack Pro 2?
Do you have a case for storage that I can purchase separately?
what size are the speakers ? 10?12?
Can the pedaltrain 2 be used for a keyboard player, I have a boss low impedance volume pedal and 2 standard sustain pedals for my 3 keyboards
Why is pedaltrain so darn expensive? At the end of the day people are paying almost $200 for a large pedal board. Is there a cheaper brand?
does it come with the pedals?
about how many boss pedals can fit here?
Is it possible to attach the pedals with the velcro strips without taking the rubber feet off of the pedals?
One reviewer stated that there was a bracket for a pedal power supply.. TRUE? making sure i don't order the BRKT-1 with it if i don't need to.
How many pedals can it fit?
Will this case fit this ukulele?http://www.amazon.com/Woods-G...
What color is the interior? Is there a little cloth drape built inside to cover the instrument?
Can this case be worn with a shoulder strap or like a back pack?
Will this case fit my Cordoba 10cm/UP110?
for pinapple soprano? Is it possible for lanikai LU-21P?
Will this case fit a Kala KA-15S Mahogany Soprano Ukulele? I am considering buying this case, but I would like to avoid having to alter it at all.
I have an older Alesis midi keyboard controller, the QX49. Will this be ok for starters? and do you think it will work with Omnisphere?
Is this the latest version of omnisphere that is out now?
Is these compatible with Machine Studio? (NI)
is this compatible with Muse Receptor?
Does anyone know if this software can be used within the Akai MPC Ren Software as VSTs? And compared to Komplete 10 how does it stack up against?
If I buy it in amazon do I get Omnisphere 2 for free like it says in the website?
If my computer crashes, will i lose omnisphere and have to buy it again? is there a safety net?
Can I use GarageBand as the DAW for Omnisphere?
Can you create sounds from scratch or is this a ROMpler?
Do you need to have a DAW or can it work as a stand-alone? Thanks!
What are the advantages of getting this QI version (with hookup); why at some point in the future would I want a hookup?
does it have nylon strings or steel?
IS this a solid wood guitar?
what scale is this guitar 24.8 or 25.5 ???
product description says it will process guitar or keyboard. is this true? some reviews indicate this may not be the case for guitar. thanks,.
does it autotune?
TC discontinued making this unit - Pease recommend a newer TC Helicon product that would be good for a keyboard player wanting to add some harmonies? Midi harmony control would be preferred I guess or Scale?...
Will it harmonise the 3 mics in the band if I plug it into mixer
1. Will this product perform the various vocal effects withOUT any instrument input (guitar, mide, etc)? 2. How many microphone input does it have?
Does this work well with guitar?
What cables and accessories are needed for the TC-Helicon Voicetone Harmony-M processor
will this case fit my s 12?
I am considering buying a Seagull Coastline s12 qi. Does it fit?
How snugly does this bag fit an Entourage Mini Jumbo Rustic?
This is listed as Taupe but the photo shows Black. Which is correct?
Would this case fit for a Seagull Entourage Rustic CW QI guitar?
I have the Seagull Maritime SWS SG QI, anybody know if it will fit?
I have an s6 CW, will it fit?
Will this bag work with a Martin D41?
How thick is the padding?
Will this fit a Yamaha FG730s?
This pack includes the drumheads?
Hello! Does this shell pack come in one single box? Thank you very much.
Does it come with Tom mounts
Does the battery brings the stud to hit hat and ride?
Valencia bargain guitar outfit: Say, any of you out there have this?
does it make a good travel guitar for an adult
Is this just an acoustic guitar or a SPANISH acoustic guitar?
I am looking for a left handed guitar? Is this a left handed guitar?
Does it really have steel strings, or just nylon wrapped in metal?
Does it have the pins, or whatever they call them, to hold a strap?
Hi, the included case is a hard case? Can be used to transport the guitar in a flight?
Hi, where the guitar manufactured? USA? JPN?
is this 220v or 110v?
What are the pickups of this guitar?YJM seymour duncan or DiMarzio?Is that the new Yngwie's model guitar?Thanks
Can I save a song on the neo, then later, add more to it, and then save the new version as a DIFFERENT TITLE, (as a separate, different song) ?
Is it possible to import complete song Backup/Restore.001 files made with the 2488MKII into the 2488Neo? Are they compatible?
can you over dub?
Is there another book or manual that tells you how to use this device. The one that comes with it seems to be Greek to me.
Original owner ?, How long have you had, and used this ? basically the same as the Tascam 2488 with same drum patterns, but just added features right
i have a rega rp1 turntable will it fit this turntable
Will this stylus fit on my vintage Dual 1229Q Turntable? If so, how do I install it?
will this fit my dual cs 505-1 turntable?
Will this fit a technics SL-D3?
Will this work for my sony ps-lx435?
does needle come ?
Is this the correct replacement for an Ortofon N120 on a 1984 duel turntable? will this work? Other suggestions please.
With this cartridge mount to a Stanton T92? I am not using it for DJ purposes, just and everyday TT. Thanks!
Will this work on an Ion TTUSB? Plus is it Diamond or synthetic tip?
Is this a moving magnet cartridge?
Does it fit Rode Videomic Pro?
Do you mount this directly onto the NTG-2, or does it fit over the stock Rode foam windscreen like the Rode Deadcat does?
Does this fit the ME66?
Hello,Is this the Nanokontrol with nine faders you are offering? And is it the black one?
If the device isn't recognized as a midi device, how do you fix it?
Does it work with Presonus interfaces and the studio one/studio live software?
Can you control more than 9 tracks at the same time switching 1 to 9 , 10 to 19 etc?
Does it work for FL Studio?
Does this device work with Modul8?
modul8
Would you recommend this product for a fitness instructor? Small to medium size classes- outdoors.
What size is the PA system unit? How long does the rechargeable battery last?
If one were to lose the wireless microphones or they broke, is there anyplace that sells replacements? I can't find any online for sale by themselves
Would it satisfy a professional singer?
How far apart can the speaker be from the microphone. We do a school pick up and want to put the speaker in the front door of the school
Can this be used for a crowd of 200 people in a big hall? Do i need any special equipment to use this system?
Can you buy two of these, and use the two hand mikes, and connect the outputs from each to an input of the other, and have sound from two mikes be broadcast from both speakers?
What type of 9 volt rechargeable battery will last longest with these devices? Nimh, Lithium-Ion or NiCad?
Does this have a wireless headset mic and wireless lapel mic? Can they both be used at the same time for a play?
Stupid question, but want to make sure before ordering this item. Can you plug in ear buds/headphones and get good reception for the hearing impaired?
Have seen other mics claiming relatively low feedback when placed close to speakers, how do these perform at higher volumes?
How long does battery last on this microphone ?
How long does battery last on this microphone?
Where does it make?
Hey, does the guitar have any particular flaws or details? Also is it the same color as in the picture?
Is this guitar made in the USA?
The pickups look like P94 pickups, not humbuckers. what are they exactly? Also is the case brown with the pink interior?
Does this come with a hardshell case?
What year was it made?
Can I attach my tablet t it
can I use whit my Ipod and my cell phone?
Can it run a sub?
i used these for the 1sttime in a 2000 sq foot church space - sounded a bit hollow/ echoey. on some tracks the bass was too dominant. suggestions?
Do these all have to be plugged into a 120 volt receptacle. We will be flying a cluster of Four.
what type of adapter do i need to connect an ipod to the eon 315 speaker?
does it have bluetooth and when you buy it does it come with two or one
hello I'm sorry for my lack of knowledge...From my mixer I have a red and white cable but on the back of speakers I don't.. any ideas how to connect?
Will the EON 315 will be compatible with Pioneer DDJ-WeGo-w ?
How would you connect an iPod, to one of these subs and two Eon 515XT's, to get stereo sound from the 515's?
What is the correct polarity for large venues?
Do you have to purchase the speaker pole seperately?
Is the unit dual voltage?
can i use this equipment for my home theater at home?
Is it possible to plug my Samson 510i powered mixer in this powered subwoofer, or will that really mess it up?
Could I use this as a home subwoofer by hooking it up to my Denon receiver?
what is the best way to set the volume control on the back when using the HPF and powered mains? I have volume control on the mixer-amp.
what is the ideal way to set this up with 2 200watt main speakers for the best sound? use the mono output or use the xlr cables and the crossover?
How many amps does this draw?
Does this mixer have phantom power?
Does this mixer have a phase flip button on each channel?
How many monitor sends does this board have?
Does the phantom power work on all the XLR inputs?
does this item have guarentee in case if something wrong goes with it and i return it or change it
Does each channel have a LED light showing it is in use?
Are there pan knobs for each individual subgroup?
hello, does the power mains of this amp support 220-240v
say for example I wanted to use this for a larger venue with more than your standard 2 speakers, would I be able to go maybe to 10 speakers and 4 subs using a split jack?
I currently record all instruments by way of mics and want to expand mic inputs - will this work with computer software w/o a usb in/out?
I understand that ACID PRO is a recording music editor.Can I use this like a music equalizer so I can make adjustments to listen to music perfectly
How do I install the included plugins if I downloaded ACID and I don't have a DVD distribution?
Is the program 32 bit or 64 bit
Does this include software to clean/scrub audio from 4-channel records or tapes?
Will the pro version work with the Akai Professional MPK25 25-Key USB MIDI Keyboard Controller
can i use my axiom 25 with this program
how many computers can you install this on?
Can I use pre-recorded "karaoke" tracks then record my vocals over that? Using a Shure SM57 Mic. Do I need anything else or am I good to go?
Is this a new, official, boxed version of the software?
can it be used on windows 8
I understand that ACID PRO is a recording music editor.Can I use this like a music equalizer so I can make adjustments to listen to music perfectly
How do I install the included plugins if I downloaded ACID and I don't have a DVD distribution?
Is the program 32 bit or 64 bit
Does this include software to clean/scrub audio from 4-channel records or tapes?
Will the pro version work with the Akai Professional MPK25 25-Key USB MIDI Keyboard Controller
can i use my axiom 25 with this program
how many computers can you install this on?
Can I use pre-recorded "karaoke" tracks then record my vocals over that? Using a Shure SM57 Mic. Do I need anything else or am I good to go?
Is this a new, official, boxed version of the software?
can it be used on windows 8
What is meant by "Operating on TV Channels 42 to 45". I see other listings have different channels
If I am purchasing this to record audio to videos made using my iphone, do I need any other cables or is this device alone sufficient?
Does this work with commercial camcorders like Canon or solely with sony products?
Does this come with the cables to plug into a headphone jack on a DSLR? Would it have a hiss like other mics that are hooked into DSLRs?
Will this work with the Canon Legria HF G25, as it doesn't supply 'plug in power' i see nothing about charging/batteries on here
I don't want to purchase the wireless handheld mic from sony. Can you add on a handheld mic that is wired to the bodypac for transmission?
Can you use two Sony UWP microphones/transmitters with one receiver, or do you need one receiver per transmitter?
Can the drum fit on a taller stand?
We don't have directions. Where can we find them online?
my sk22 came all fine and dandy but the drum has a ringing noise is this on all of the drums or mine alone... an echo from when hit by a stick
are the sticks good? mine are getting shabby
are the sticks good? mine are getting shabby
is the stand a concert stand? we need concert stand instead of drumset stand.
Does this come with the snares. The little wires underneath that go on and off
is it real drum head or plastic
where is it located
does it come with the snare wires? I have not ordered it yet. :)
Hi! Is China or Korea? Thanks!
it said stamped used on the head stock what dose that mean? is it just ink or a sticker or is it a permanet impression into the wood.
Which knob controls the volume for the middle pickup? Thanks.
does it comes with gig bag or hard shell? amp? cords? strings? or something???
Is it with a USB attachement?
What is the weight of the microphone its self?
Can this be placed on the center of a small table and used by two or three speakers (for a podcast)?
How is the sibilance on this mic? I use the Blue Spark currently and the high end is quite harsh. I hear dynamic is much better at reducing this.
Should there be 3 pin's sticking out to plug you wire into back, the 1 we bought has 2 sticking out 1 barley seen, Mike not working.
can you use this to do interviews ..so a hand held mic.
additional equipment needed? What do you need to use this mic as a usb. ?
what are they physical dimensions of this tuner? the given ones do not seem right (10.2 x 8 x 5.2 inches)
Does it tell stuff in c# and such or does it go to Dmin?
Is the battery included?
can I use it for open tuning?
What battery does it take?
Can this device be used to tune a piano?
Does this adapter work with Chauvet Xpress for Mac OSX?
Will this interface work with daslight DVC3 software?
Will this work with Apple Ipad App such as Luminair?
windows
sorry this team brings some cable included ??
Chauvet Express: Can this device be used with other light-control software, such as American DJ, or Chauvet Express?
is this compatible with SHOW EXPRESS BY CHAUVET?
Does this product require drivers that can only be installed in a limited number of computers? I would need to be able to use it with multiple ones.
Do these guitars come with cases when it gets delivered or does it just get shipped in the box?
Can this guitar be played as a regular guitar without using the slide, or would it need to be modified?
does this instrument need an electric amp?
Hi, what company makes this? Is this an Epiphone?
Does this dobro play like a regular guitar or is it an acoustic steel guitar
COLOR BALL II HOW TO HANG
Did this set come with mounting hardware (clamps) ?
I am planning to take this to India, but I want to check whether it is 100 V to 240 V. Can you pls answer
Does it have DMX inputs?
Hello,Is this the Nanokontrol with nine faders you are offering? And is it the black one?
If the device isn't recognized as a midi device, how do you fix it?
Does it work with Presonus interfaces and the studio one/studio live software?
Can you control more than 9 tracks at the same time switching 1 to 9 , 10 to 19 etc?
Does it work for FL Studio?
Does this device work with Modul8?
modul8
Recommend Monster Pro 2500 or this for my Presonus digital 16.4.2AI mixer, MacBook, (3) Sennheiser IEM's (4) Shure wireless..
can I hook up to power amps to this
can I use this device to charge up my computer stuff just by plugging into the usb charger and then to electrical outlet?
Do you sell 220-240V products?
Can I hook a UPS to it?
Does it work on a 220-volt electricity
What is the Depth of this unit?
The voltage range on the front display does not match the actual house voltage - about 126-7 Vlts vs. 122.4 house Vlts. Can I calibrate this somehow?
How long is the power cable on this unit?
Does this have AC Noise Filtering Reduces Radio Frequency (Rfi) &amp; Electromagnetic Interference (Emi) like the Furman M-8Dx?
Can this play one or more tracks while I can listen as I record another track at the same time?
Can I RECORD 2 tracks (SIMULTANEOUSLY) at the same time using both input jacks or is it limited to recording one track at a time?
does it have v- tracks (virtual tracks)?
Can you use this with a mac?
SDHC support? Does this unit support SDHC memory ?
Do I need an adapter (the one recommended) in order to power on unit?
Do you know if the wav files for each track are individual on the SD card or just a mix?
Can it be plugged into the TV or a bluetooth player?
does it work on a memorex karoke machine
Does the mic have wireless capabilities?
I need an attachment to get the mic to go into a karaoke machine with a smaller sized hole for the jack. Can I get these for this machine?
does it work with memorex karaoke
Can I plug this into a Casio LK-280 keyboard which actually has a mic input?
Do you know if this mic will work for the Singing Machine karaoke for kids?
Will this work with a CD Graphics Karaoke player?
How long is the cord?
will this work with a smart tv
Do you guys think that a Hollow Body Guitar would fit? I have a Palmer PR68, it's a thin guitar, similar to the ES 335 electric guitar. Thanks!
Could the front pocket hold a full 2" ring binder?
Thanks a lot for your answers! But I still have a doubt, can anyone tell me if the measures of this gigbag are correct? Thanks a lot!!!
exactly how big is it?
is the back flat
How long is the chain?
I know that the saxophone is plated with 24K gold but what is the CHAIN made of and how thick is it?
are these with stainless steel posts?
are they for sensitive ears?
How long are the earrings?
Size?? How long is the cello?
does it come with a jewelry box or any packaging?
The cello pieces separated the first day my grand daughter wore it. Tried Loc-Tite superglue to no avail. Any suggestions?
Cello fell apart first day my grand daughter wore it. I tried loc-tite super glue to no avail. Any suggestions?
Can anyone tell me the exact measurements? How Long is what I really would like to know. Thanks
Does it record and playback.
it quit working
does this unit record voice and music and play back?
Lyric questions-Singing Machine ISM1010 Home Karaoke System: One, if you download karaoke songs from itunes onto your ipod and then plug it into this system, do the lyrics appear on the screen?
how much room for pencils or cork grease?
Will this case fit a Selmer Signet Clarinet?
Will this case fit in a average book bag?
What are the dimensions?
What kind of clarinet would this fit? (My 10-year-old daughter has one she is using for school).
USB port will bring all the tracks back to all the tracks of mixer board not one track on mixer board?
The price on this item i saw it last week at $399....why is it today $549????
When connected via USB, what is the digital out number of tracks? How many digital outbound tracks for multi-track recording using a DAW?
does this have a 5 yr warranty?
The description says this board is compatible with only certain computer operating systems....does that mean it will not work with Windows 7 or 8?
How can we compensate for the lack of compressors and AUX inputs? We have one but we are now considering the Yamaha MG166CXUSB or MG20XU. thanks.
i'm running 5 Sennheiser 900 series dynamic mics and 4 phantom powered condenser mics...will this mixer blow up my dynamic mics?
Is this Mixer Rack mountable or is it too big? I see a rackmount kit for the PV14, but not the PV20?
does it come with a case?
My mixer did not come with a USB cable, am I missing one? Or do I need to purchase one? Thanks!
My REMO head on my soloist is 9" diameter inside drum and adding the metal ring adds another .5" No sellers are offering 9.5"? thanks
Hello I have an Egyptian made Mohammed el Arabi Sombati Drum. It's 9 inch, does this head fit it?
Is this for a 9 inch inner diameter? The part of my drum head that is showing is 9 inches, but the outer diameter is larger. Thank you.
I am very musically challenged. Why would you buy a tenor over a soprano uke? Is it that one has deeper richer tones?
Does this ukulele come with Aquila strings? Thank you!
Is this laminate or solid wood?
is it electronic??
Is the Uke already strung?
Are the dimensions for outside or inside? I have measured my guitar (Schecter B-2) and just want to ensure my guitar will fit.
Does this fit a Dean Dave Mustaine Zero "In Deth We Trust" Electric Guitar?
How does Amazon pack the guitar case for shipment? Do they fold it? Thank you.
will dean cadillac fit ??
will this case protect my Michael schenker V? i i have the hardshell case but its so heavy to transport when i play
will case fit a dean zero aod2 electric guitar?
Would this case fit a Dean Vendetta electric guitar?
Can I use it for a stage play and set it so that the lights do not change with the sound? I need white light with other colors as well that I can fade
Can you manually control how the lights dim separate from sound response?
ordered these yesterday, was wondering should i have ordered different bulbs? larger wattage? we usually perform in dimly lit bars
what would you use to allow the lights to dim for stage lighting?
Does it only have 4 single colored lights like in the pic, or does each light shine more than one color throughout the patterns?
What settings can I put these in? Is there slow? Fast? No-change? Flashing? And what is the "go with the music" setting? Thank you so much!
How many feet can the light shine?
How high can the tripod set the lights? Over 9 feet?
Does it come with everything I need to plug into a 120v wall outlet? Does it include bulbs?
Do the lights have a steady setting? No pulsing, just on?
I bought my son's guitar used, it has reverse headstock (opposite of standard Dinky). Is there room for this in the case, or is that section molded ?
Are there locks on the case?
Will this fit a jackson 8 string soloist (the green one)?
i have a jackson js22 dinky 7 string that i adore and i thought i should buy it a proper case, would it fit in this case?
Do you think this would work for the Scott Ian custom shop soloist? It's 1/4" larger all around the body, otherwise identical. thx!
Does this case fit 7 strings? Baritone scale length?
wil this work with the Jackson adrian smith model?
Will this case fit the SLSMG or SLS3 models? They guitar has the 3x3 pointed headstock.
What are the dimensions of this item?
Would it fit a cutout jumbo? Like the Epiphone AJ-100CE?
What is the depth of this bag?
will it fit a epiphone ej 200ce?
Will a Peavey Foundation 5-string bass fit in this case?
how long is this case
PLEASE what are the dimensions of this case?
Can this amp used for violin? Does it has speakers?
Would this be good for Karaoke (I have a Karaoke Mixer) or for connecting to a Projector to boost the sound?
What kind of power supply does this use? Can I plug into the wall or does it take batteries? I'm not very familiar with amplifiers, thanks :)
Will it work with an electric cello?
What are the dimensions of this amp?
will this amp work with a yamaha pac112j guitar?
Can a distortion pedal be used for this?
im in the philippines and the power here is 220-240 do you have amps for that or do i need a transformer
would this work with an acoustic electric ukulele? trying to put all the components I would need together before I purchase. Thanks :)
I received this amp as a package with the Squier by Fender electric guitar but amp does not work. Did all correct plug ins but NADA, no sound!
Does Amazon ship this only with the product box or do they put it in an additional box with padding?
How big is the package?
Does this come with headphones so I won't disturb my family?
Is this a standard full sized guitar?
Is this a standard full sized guitar?
Does it work with Rocksmith(ps3) ?
Is the item manufactured in China or US.?
Is there a lefty version of this?
I got a different Amp then it displays. What should I do? I don't have gain on the Amp either.
What are the specs for the aux cable for this set? I need a replacement and am not sure if it is the 1/4" on both sides. Thanks!
It's been working with my Kawai keyboard. But the pitch-bending joystick doesn't work. Any success with pitch-bends and the cable?
will it work with the Ipad via its USB camera connection kit.
I have an electric Alesis drumset, does anybody know if this cable will work with the drumset? The set comes with the option of plugging a MIDI cable
I tried connecting my Roland RD-150 digital piano to my MacBook Pro computer but it didn't work. Any help would be greatly appreciated.
My RB3 guitar and keytar only have one MIDI port (OUT, I assume). . does the MIDI OUT plug need to be connected to work?
will it work with windows 7?
Does this work with a Yamaha DGX650 and Windows 8.1 OS?
Android compatible?
Does it work with ensoniq eps 16 plus? Please help I am not getting any sound at all
will it work with FL studio?
I'm wondering when the battery drains. If I leave it plugged into an amp with the amp turned off is it draining the battery. All info appreciated!
can you ship to puerto rico if i have amazon prime?
The first photo shows a guitar with no cutaway...is that not the 114ce?
would like a hard case can I get one
Hello , may i know how do you package it before shipping. i am worried that it will damage during deliver . and how Weight after packing thanks!
Hard Case included?
Is it made in china? I want pure American product.
what kind of reed does it come with
Is this the semi pro or for students ? Thanks
So, it only comes with 1 reed? And does it not come with the swab or the cork grease?
Does it sound nice?
Is it wood? If not, then is it good quality?
Is this clarinet made of ebonite?
Is the strength of the reed 2 or 2 1/2?
is clairnet wood or plastic
Can i please get the width of the string spacing at the bridge, from E TO E
"Codorba" has many different models, I would like to know which is the large full size guitar? Thanks in advance
Would this guitar sound anything simular to Willie Nelson's "Trigger" guitar?
does this guitar arrive with a low action?
Which C&Atilde;&sup3;rdoba C7 has the better sound? The Spruce top or Cedar top? Thank you.
Is C7 made in China?
Is this guitar a full size classical?
Anyone have any experience with this guitar and any Schecter shapes? Namely the Blackjack ATX, or Hellraiser, or similarly shaped axes?
What this case accommodate a Fender short scale bass?
Does this case fit a bc rich pro x mockingbird electric ? THANKS
Does this case fit a bc rich mockingbird ? Thanks
Does this case fit a bc rich mockingbird ? Thanks
Will this case fit a hollowbody? Specifically I have an Ibanez ag95.
Does it fit a Schecter Omen 6 Extreme?
Is this a suitable case for Jackson RR guitar...thanks
Bc Rich KKV and Jr V ? thanks
will this fit the dean dave mustaine vmntx
Does anyone know if this would fit the esp ltd lv307? I can't find a case anywhere specifically stated to be for this guitar and could really use one.
will this case fit a schecter jeff loomis v 7 guitar?
Will this case fit an ESP LTD V401 guitar?
What is the rated weight limit?
Does this product come with a warning that it contains cancer causing chemicals?
What is the recommended maximum weight?
What is the tallest height setting in inches?
What's the tallest height setting go to? I'm 5'6", can anyone relate and confirm this bench will work for someone my height?
This item is only 21" long. At least this is what Amazon shipped me... can others confirm? I had to return it for this reason.
Is the bench 36" long? I am wondering if it can fit 2 people for a duet. Thanks
Do these eons have a "speaker out:", allowing for another speaker to be driven off amlifier?
I need a speaker that works well outdoors for &lt;200 people in a campground setting. I just want to talk, play video/music. Would this work for that?
hello friend I want to know if these jbla eon subwoofer horns bring two or just one with your amp are 2 boxes or just a box thanks
This speaker, JBL EON 510 uses 220V ? Or just 110V only? or both 110V ~ 220V compatible electricity?
This speaker, JBL EON 510 uses 220V ? Or just 110V only? or both 110V ~ 220V compatible electricity?
poundage with box
Do these speakers have phantom power for a beta87A microphone
What are the dimensions of this item?
Does this speaker tilt and sit on the floor like a wedge, like the first generations did?
few pounds weight with box
Is it quality
is it good quality
I'm just beginning on the ukelele. Should I buy a soprano or concert size?
This item is advertised as a soprano size however the dimension lists it as 23" a concert size. Which is it soprano or concert size?
Is this laminate mahogany?
How is Kala Soprano for 3 year old as 1st instrument?
Why does this ukulele have the exact same reviews/reviewers as this Kala KAA-15C Limited Edition Satin Mahogany Concert Ukulele? Scam????
Is the image of the product correct? The borders of the sound hole looks different from the Kala website
I am a beginner. Which one should I buy-Kala KA-15S Mahogany or Kala MK-SD CAR Makala Dolphin Soprano? Both have great reviews n not much price diff.
i was wondering if everyone who purchased their 15S's from the sellers here received a ukulele in a coffin-like, cardboard box--nothing else inside?
I have a Semi-hollow flat top....will this work/fix properly?
Will this work with an Epiphone Les Paul Custom Pro?
Is this Chrome or polished Aluminum?
Will I be able to install this without drilling new holes in the top of my Les Paul copy?
will it fit my eppiphone dot
Is this flute with Gemeinhardt warranty? How many year?
Does this flute include a case and cleaning rod?
Does this flute come with the curved headjoint, as pictured in the images. There is no meniton on it in the description.
what is the difference between 1sp and 2sp?
Is the flute new? Is it a black thick case? It only says black plastic, and I am bit lost. Can you display a photo of the case?
where is it made?
Is this OK for a P-35? I'm planning to take it to South America by plane. Does it come disarmed? how big is the box?
Is this a good fit for the P-105, as well?
What are the assembled dimensions of the stand alone (height, width, depth)? How high is the keyboard (to the top of the keys) when on this stand?
Is this a high gloss black or matte? I am asking so that I can find a bench that won't clash.
Does it have a music holder attached
Does this Keyboard Stand fit Yamaha P105b?
I got the black one but one of the pieces came in a different color, the one that goes across the leg. Is it suppose to be different?
What is the height of this by itself after assembled?
Would this stand fit a Yamaha P45b?
Is the height of this really only 8 inches?
does it work with the ps3?
Does this work for windows 8?
are any drivers needed
Does it work on Linux? (Ubuntu 10.4 here) Thanks!
Is the mic input stereo or mono?
Will this work to replace a broken headphone jack?
My stereo has a USB port but no line out jack . Will this serve as a line out for headphones and if so will it cut off the main speakers like a jack?
Will this work if my current laptop sound card no longer works? In other words, does it rely on the current audio card, or is it independent?
Will it work on Windows 7.1 Pro?
my husbands mic jack on his laptop quit working will this allow him to plug in a headset with a mic and it work
Before I purchase. what do I need to know what hard ware and soft ware will put my system in use?
Does it connect to earphones so you can play without others hearing?
Can I use recorder fingerings for this instrument??
Can I set the fingering controls to oboe?
Can you use the alternate fingering modes (e.g. Flute) with Ableton Live? How can you set the default mode?
Is it possible to play glissando and portamento? If yes how it can be done? Simply using the mouth, or there is some sort of "key" to vary the pitch?
I do not play any wind instrument. I'm just a want to be musician. Is this instrument something that's fairly easy to learn to play?
Is there an adapter of any sort where the instrument can be used wirelessly, so that the artist has more freedom to move about the stage?
Do you think it is possible to run this through an iPad?
How much easier or harder is this instrument to play than a tenor saxophone with respect of amount and force of air needed?
does this require a power supply to work or will it work on line power
Will this ringer work with the V-tech telephone?
Can you disable the light? It looks as though it's run by batteries or AC
Will this work with a digital phone and/or an analog phone?
Will this work with multiline phone system? Only need to amplify one phone in the warehouse but can only find single line units.
will this work on cell cell phone base?
will this work with a 2 line phone system?
I need a phone line relav that i can use with a auga horn , Moter driven , &amp; light arangement that I have ?
Will this work with VOIP setup?
Does this work with a verizon cell phone?
Is this worth the extra $100 dollars over the PreSonus 24/96 or should I stick to my budget and use the extra money elsewhere?
Is this for pc and mac? can you add reverb/ effects to the headphones only while laying down a dry track? i use a 212, but need more amp output as wel
I have a Saffire Pro 40. Can I use it with my turntable, Marantz TT-15S1? If so, are the pre amps Ideal for this use?
Can you use the Saffire Pro 40's Pre Amps to feed another interface, using the ADAT outs?
Focusrite pro 40 owners does anyone know what the 0 dBFS reference levels are for this unit ?
It states 20-in/20-out; will it be able to record each channel to it's own track? Up to 20 channels/tracks? (Chan 1 - Track 1, Chan 2 - Tacck 2?)
Has anyone use this item with thunderbolt adaptor ? If you have are there any stand out difference from firewire ?
Can you daisy chain 2 of these devices, and if so, can you monitor all inputs through the hardware?
Can you bypass the internal pre's on this interface to use an external one?
Does this come with the Ableton Live Lite Software?
Can this mixer be used for both live mixing and recording of 16 discrete channels simultaneously?
We are really really interested in this mixer .. can you tell me why it is still available after over a year?
Can I save in a file for recover or load later specific configurations for inputs or other else?
Is this board compatible with avid protools?
is this mixer powered
Hello, I have installed in my pc win-7 64bit pci card and a possible 1394B_3 and work properly on my computer with this configuration. ?
Is the power supply compatible with countries other than US?
hello, my pc is not able to connect input firewire ... this console with usb port? work protools hd 10 ... / /
Seriously considering, why are you getting rid of it?
What are the size of the slots? Will it hold a standard mic cable?
What is the spacing between the mounting holes? Are they 16" on center to match typical wall framing? What is the overall width of the item?
Hi, I am trying to order this product to ship to Australia, but Amazon is telling me that there is a problem shipping there. Can you please advise.
How many Ethernet/CAT/RJ45 cables will a single slot hold? Thanks in advance!
Also, I am just wondering if you ship to Australia?
Hi, I need to know the dimensions of this product - specifically how does far it stick out from the wall? I plan to install it behind a door.
What are the dimensions of the seat?
Is the seat cover leather?
Does this product come with a warning that it contains cancer causing chemicals?
What is the lowest height this bench can go? Is it comfortable enough for someone 5'3" at that lowest point?
the pin that holds the bench open is missing from my bench- lost in a move. Where can I get a replacement?
what are the weight limits for this bench?
How easy is it to adjust the height? From the picture, I can see a few switches near the right side. Are these used for adjusting?
Does this bell have a clapper?
How loud is this? Will it travel across a couple yards if I'm using it to call my kids home from being outside playing?
Will a magnet stick to the bell? If it does it is not manufactured of copper thank you
is it solid copper?
I would like to give this to someone to use to grab my attention in a small apartment after recovering from surgery. Will it be loud enough?
I want to use it for plinking with a pellet riffle, is it built strong enough to withstand target practice?
Is it safe to give to my Amazon Grey Parrot?
How long would this last if it placed outdoors, fully exposed to rain and sunlight? Thanks
Hi, does this work for a Martin Backpacker? Thanks
will this case fit an oscar schmidt by washburn 3/4 size guitar?
will it fit a gibson 25-12, 12 string acoustic
I have a 3/4 size Oscar Schmidt guitar. Will this guitar fit in this hard case?
Will my Guild F20 fit?
What are the inside measurements for depth, total length, width of lower and upper bouts. I need it to fit a Yamaha CGS103AII 3/4 Size Classical?
Does this case have padding on the inside?
will this case fit a fender grand concert GC140 Acosutic guitar ?
Will a Yamaha APXT2 3/4 electric/acoustic fit in this case?
will this fit the Peavy composer AC?
Does it come with a case for the Mic?
How short/tall is the included stand? How long is the boom arm?
I am just starting out recording myself in home for fun cheap self teach soft ware compatible w/ this suggestion?
can it be used with audacity and garage band, and on a the older macbook?
is this microphone will work to plug in the TV or Reciever?
I have Windows 8. Will this microphone work with that system?
Can I plug it on mylaptop ?
can i hook this mic to my macbook pro
Does it come with accessories and plugs that will go with a macbook pro? (converters)
Does this come with a desktop stand as well?
Does this plug into a standard 110 V outlet? Can it operate in an enclosed area?
is this one dimmable?
is this light brighter and have more option with the degrees den the Chauvet LED Pinspot 2 LED Pinspot.i actually need to light up a wedding cake...
I need to change the beam color to fuchsia or hot pink, can I put on a color screen for this light?
Title says metal housing, yet description says plastic housing. Which is it?
Do these use the "standard" pin spot plastic lenses to change color?
I am going to use this to light a painting on the far wall which is about 15 feet away. Does the 6 degree lens keep the beam to 4 foot diameter?
The manual seems to say the bulb can't be changed w/o sending it back to the factory. This can't be true, can it?
Power question: Can I remove the transformer and power this light with a 12 volt source? I'm trying to wire this on a vehicle. Thanks!
The Amazon Warehouse Deals does not say if the hanger brackets are included with the ADJ led pinspot? Would like to know?
Does it come with any kind of desktop stand? What are most of you using for that? I don't want a huge retracted floor stand on my desktop.
how long is the usb cable and can you use an extention cable with it?
Is this better then that Blue Yeti Microphone?
does this work on windows 8.1?
does this work on windows 8.1?
does this mic need phantom power?
Compare this mic to the MXL USB 009 24BIT/96KHZ USB Condenser Mic which costs nearly four times as much. Anyone think it's worth that much more?
I assume this will work great with Mac OS X and GarageBand?
Does this mic reduce unwanted sound.
Why does this mic not include any information of production and instruction ? I bought it but little confused
will this package come with iLok ?
iLok lost-new computer: Is there anyway to obtain license info to install on my new computer?
Computer unable to locate m-audio hardware: Does anyone Know how to remedy this problem so that I can start using pro tools.
Does this bass come with a gigbag?
what does FSR stand for?
Where is this bass made?
Hello. Ill buy this bass, i need to buy a case, what are the dimension of this bass?
Is this multivoltage? ie. 110-220?
Does somebody could comment on comparison of light brightness of this LED machine and old type lamp based Vertigo, which was using 2x 300 watt lamp?
Would this work outdoors and will the unit get hot where I have to unplug it and plug it back in every 10 min
Are there DMX connectors on this to link several like units?
Can i get a replaceable mount for the top?
when i plug it in, it stays on for about 10 seconds then turns off, does music HAVE to be playing for it to work? I havent tested it with music yet
Would this work outdoors? I noticed its bass activated
Does this guitar have nylon or steel strings? Thanks!
The Bristol BD 16 is 46 inches in length and 20 inches in width. All the hard cases I have looked at are too small. Anyone know of a manufacturer ?
Are all the Bristol's branded Saga as well? If not, is there any difference between Saga and Blueridge?
Recently bought this item and I was wondering, since it did not come with a guitar case, what would be the best guitar case that would fit this? Can a Gearlux Hardshell Dreadnought Acoustic Guitar Case work?
Do you think this would be a good choice for beginner player, adult female with small hands, fingers?
Can this unit control more thann one device at a time?
Will this work with the H20 Led Water Effect light? Or is there a wireless that someone can suggest?
will this work for gobo adj x color led plus
How will this UC3 control work with the Revo Burst? Can I program it to stay on one color? Is it possible to make the Revo Burst strobe? What else?
Does this device work with chauvet products that have the plug for the remote
How do you hook it up?
will it be okay for a 20" sizzler cymbal?
This might be a stupid question, but does this claw mount to the rim of a tom ? is looks like a bass drum in the pictures.
is this claw able to support a 12" Splash cymbal?
Is the claw able to open 1.2 inch? i need this product for a timbale and i'm not sure if it fits.
Does this trumpet come with a case?
is this trumpet made of plastic?
does this instrument come with a mouth piece?
How many inches is the bell on the trumpet?
How do you play C on this Bb trumpet?
does this instrument come with a hard case
Why is the valve getting stuck?
Dose it come with a cleaner
how is the warranty for the trumpet?
Where can I purchase replacement parts? While cleaning the trumpet, we lost 2 of the plastic slides for the valve springs.
Forgive me if this has already been mentioned, but does this unit have EQ? and if so what kind and how customizable is it?
Are there no drum tracks on this model? The specs for the lower end models say drum patterns are included but I don't see it on this model.
Is this a brand new guitar pedal and is this still in a sealed box?
Unline the RP500, I don't see any mention of an MP3 input to jam along with your iPod or computer? Is there any on this product?
Do you have to have an effects loop to properly use the amp bypass? Trying to see if we truly can use this only for effects without altering amp tone
Does each of the presets have a Amp a/b switch like the rp355/And how do you switch preset to stomp(rp355 needs two buttons pressed perfectly or else
Which piece for the high-hat? I am trying everything here and nothing seems to dampen the sound much. And these sound off blocks...?
What if my bass drum is only 19 inches? Is it easy to cut these pads down?
Does the snair drum work with same rebound with sticks ?
how durable is this material and how to stick in the surf of the drum
How much sound do these mute in your estimation? Do cymbal mutes fit all sizes? What's the best way to attach bass drum mute to avoid damage?
Do these have leather ends? I'm vegetarian...
What is the shortest length that the strap adjusts to? I want to make sure it will fit my 6 year old. Thanks!
Would it work for youth guitar, assume it's adjustable?
Would it work for youth guitar, assume it's adjustable?
Does this strap have two ends to it with holes that can attach to a regular guitar with buttons at the neck and at the bottom of the guitar?
How wide is it ?
Can these be used for BASS guitars as well??
are these necessary to use boss-dd7 ?
How are these measured in terms of length?
can i use these with multiple pedals with one power supply ?
Hi there and happy new year. These patches makes a little buzz? Makes some noise?
Are these good for plugging a pedal directly into an amp? Ex. Are they long enough
good for bass?
How does it function in a conference room setting with skype or go to meeting. We need a wireless mic in the conference room.
Can you use 2 ECMHW2 microphones with the interface that connects to the accessory shoe slot? I want to record 2 separate people at once.
Can this be used with my sony HDR CX-7
is it compatible with Sony HDR-CX260? Will it do a good job filming an artist teaching class?
How is the audio synced with the camera so it doesn't pick up someone else's and the sound clear like the ppl on youtube do with pranks and others?
is this compatible with the sony HDR TD20
Is it compatible with the a6000?
Is this microphone compatible with Sony NEX 5n? Or perhaps 5R/5T or Nex 6?
is this mic compatible with the panasonic v720?
Does it not connect into your camera somewhere? I only see earbuds, I thought you need to connect it directly to your sony camera as well
does it come with the carrying bag?
does this item come with a carrying bag?
Does this come with a carrying case?
What is the Cone Diameter on this guitar? I might order a replacement from National, and upgrade the sound right away.
This is a roundneck, right? Meaning I play it as I would a "normal" acoustic (albeit in a different tuning perhaps).
whats the difference between a regular acoustic from a resonator?
How do you lower the strings?
Do you also sell this with a hardshell case? If so how much more?..Jeff
What is the name of the manufacturer?
your make shipments to Venezuela? or Colombia whats is the price of shipping
Where is this guitar manufactured?
What is the string sequence? How does one tune this guitar?
will a chord buddy fit this guitar?
Hope to sing karaoke style (can hear voice) w/this+Shure SM58 mic, current setup -&gt;laptop with audio connected to Logitech Z523 speakers-will it work?
Can this adapter let me plug a USB mic into an XLR mixing board?
Does the monitor out jack have sufficient power to drive earbuds (16 ohm) at normal levels? My X2U monitor out is very faint, maybe it's defective?
Can you use the Shure SM7B with this to the PC without a separate gain boost or other equipment needed?
Hi, Could you please confirm, I want to use this device to connect my wireless hand mic and use it through laptop
Will this work with gotham 4/1 quad cables?
Does this usb adapter work for any vocal microphone? I have sennheiser mk4
Most mixers have numbers on the gain controls. Can users easily reproduce desired control settings with this device?
Will I be able to use the headphone jack with Skype? Meaning, can I monitor a Skype conversation using my headphones?
Can i connect an instrument to this with a male 1/4 to male XLR cable?
Ok last question on these before I make the order. Do these speakers come with any wiring? I own a MicroKorg with 1/4 inputs.
Does two come or do you have to buy another one?
Do I have to control the speaker volume exclusively through the volume knob on the back, or can I use an external device, for example DAC, for that?
Could I use these for a turntable?
can i conect this speaker to an electric violin?and a pc at the same time ??
Can these speakers connect to headphones? And is it 1 speaker or a pair for $149.? Thanks.
Is this the price for a single speaker?
I noticed it says monitor and all other monitors say "speakers" except this one, does buying this at $199 get me 2 speakers?
current is only 110 or 220 also is for?
How many pedals can fit in this case? Could a volume pedal fit too? How do the pedals get their power?
How much does this case weigh by itself?
Does this case have a retractable handle or just a strap to carry by?
What are the interior dimentions of the usable space for placing pedals?
Can anyone tell me the total interior hight when lid is closed? I have a double teared pedal board. Curious if it will fit.
Is the compartment at the side removable? And if not, what's the length of the interior minus the compartment?
Does the case top remove completely or just hinge open?
How slanted, or elevated, is the interior board? I'd like it to be angled somewhat, so I'm just wondering how high the angle of the board is.
Say you want to use these for a 23 ft by 13 ft basement...would they light up the room?
I just received my order but only 1 strobe light came in the box. Did I read wrong or doesn't it say that their 2 strobe lights in this deal????
What are the measurements for the strobe lights (width and length).
What is the flash frequency?
will this light stand-up against moisture/rain...etc...from being outdoors for several days?
will this light stand-up against moisture/rain...etc...from being outdoors for several days?
if it can be utilized outdoors?
Can this strobe light be utilzed outdoors
Would these Peavey PR 15's be good for a karaoke system ?
are they sold as a pair?
are they powered
Would these Peavey PR 15's be good for a karaoke system ?
sound quality
What speaker cable is needed for this?
is a single speaker or torque?
I want to buy 2 of these with a matching Peavey Amp, will they have enough bass by themselves? I just want to use them at home to listen to music.
Would two of these speakers have a sound huge enough to handle a room full of 300 people ?
Is the cabinet exterior carpet or plastic?
can i put this in a regular stand
Cabinet made of MDF or plywood?
how many watts are those speakers
Are these in a pair?
What size magnet?
Is there an input and an output on this speaker?
Would these speakers be gook for Karaoke
Are these powered speakers?
Anyone used these outdoors, how did they perform? I'm looking to get a pair of compact mains to DJ small/medium venues.
does it come in pair?
is this really 800 watts speaker?
Does this mic come with the mounting flange provided already in the box ?
ok I plugged this into our system and turned on the phantom power but it does not work I have tried changing chanels and still no go. have 10.3 vdc ?
Can you recommend a wireless transmitter for this microphone?
How long is the microphone does PM18S mean 18"? Can this mic be mounted on a microphone stand?
How long is the factory warranty on the microphone?
Does this Microphone need an electrical power source too? I plugged it into my house sound and it doesn't work.....
Does this Microphone need an electrical power source too? I plugged it into my house sound and it doesn't work.....
I don't see it specified in the product description - is it a Cardioid pickup pattern or something else?
What type of connection does this mic have? Appears that it's probably xlr 3 pin based on the fact that Amazon is grouping that kind of cable with it.
does this mic require phantom power
For a 3/4 size laminate guitar with a neutral or even dead sound to it, will 80/20 strings brighten it up?
I am very sensitive to high pitches and tones. I'm looking for warm low mellow strings. Which set of strings (type and gauge) do you recommend?
what gauge arethey
I have Martin backpacker 1995 ,the strings on it now make it sound tinny would the extra light 80/20 strings make it not sound like a banjo
Can it be played without the resonator and is the resonator easily removed?
I am a newbie. Is this banjo worth it? I really want to learn to play and I have heard great things about Deering banjos.
Does this banjo come with a case?
What is the weight of the Goodtime 2?
Does it come set up and ready to play? (Aside from tuning)
Postage to Australia
Case? Does this banjo come with a case?
Does it come with the full Deering warranty?
Aside form tuning, is this banjo set up and ready to play?
I'm deployed overseas. Will you ship to an APO? Does this beautiful banjo come with a case? Thank you!
Is this an open back banjo?
Is this a good banjo for a beginner like me? I don't want a cheap one that sounds lousy.
is there a way to attach an armrest to this banjo?
Does the Godin A6 Ultra come with a gig bag case?
How deep is the body?
can someone provide the box dimensions it is shipped in please?
what is the weight of all, guitar inside the bag?
Does the acoustic side sound well using an electric amp?
How is this box for good, sweet jazz tones? How is the play-ability? I like a low action with Thomastik blues strings with the rope cores.
this product includes the bag????
Professional or factory set up? Thanks!
I am a little concerned about how much post-purchase setup would be required to lower the action. Is this likely to be needed?
I am interested in this guitar but need more information about the model number and also the finish. Is the finish natural, gloss or semi gloss?
comes with godin case and cabel for 13 pin conector?
How long does it take to get to Miami?
What's included? Regards, includes the gig bag?
will Koa 1917 Washburn Model 1915, Style #1524 Parlor guitar fit? 9.25" Upr bout Wdth, 3.25" upr bout deep;(2) 13" Lwr bout Wdth, 3.5" deep? 37.5"L
Will this fit a Martin 00-15M? It's about the same size as a classical or folk guitar.
Would a lapatrie collection classical guitar fit comfortably in this case
What's the body length on this case (minus the neck)?
1899 Washburn Parlor Guitar *36 5/8" from tip of headstock to end block *12 5/8" across lower bout *8 3/4" across upper bout *3 1/2" deep at upper bou
guitar case: will this case fit a fender squier?
what are the inner dimensions of this case? I have an old guild m20 that I need a small hardshell for and I'm hoping this will work
Is it possible to record all 4 channels and end up with 4 separate files?
will this be good for recoridng audio at wedding's consideirng that wedding are a noisy envirement to record speech or for private couple interviews
Is there any difference between the 2009 and 2015 model?
Is it good for recording piano?
End of battery - save file or lose file? Anyone know, with this recording once the batteries run dry does this save the file or do you lose the file when it powers down?
Would this work to capture audio from interviews using lavaliere mics (audio-technica ATR3350) that will be then synced to video?
For 2-3 person interviews (indoors; enclosed), are lapel mics recommended for use with this?
Where are these manufactured?
Is this Zoom too much money if all I want to record is real-life conversations (me and others)? How would this be better than, say, a Sony ICD-PX312 (currently No.1 digital voice recorder on Amazon) or Olympus VN-702PC (No. 2, 3 or 4)
Does this kit happen to come with the wind screen and case?
DOES IT NEED PHANTOM POWER ?
Will this mic record in stereo on windows 7 laptop?
What is the frequency response for the ehringer C-1U?
My cable has XLR on one end and 1/4" on the other. Will this work for this mike? I have a phantom power on the way if it is necessary?
Does this mic work well with Ubuntu?
How long is the USB cable it comes with?
Does the mic work with Windows Vista? Does the mic work with Windows Vista?
Does The Mic Work With Windows 8?
Does this mic work with a mac?
Does Tjis mic come with USB cables: Does this come with usb cables to hook up to the computer or do I have to buy them
does it come with the lever
Where is it made?
is this a lever harp/ how many strings, and what is the height
22 strings, so it has sharping levers for all strings?
Can this be plugged into another receiver so the speakers throughout the building can be used?
frequency selection -- how many channels available?
How do I buy an extended warranty on this dual w/l mic?
will these work with audio2000604bhlsystem
Can I connect them to my Samsung TV for sound? Or do I have to buy speakers? thanks
I can't get a charge on both microphones. I have tried placing the mics in the charging dock while the receiver is off and no luck. Any ideas?
how close to the mouth should be the microphone to work fine?
can I buy a separate charger as I want rack mount this and if I do the mics wont fit
What voltage is required 110 or 220 v ?
Have AWX6023M lavaliere mics, will this b compatible (same frequencies / same base can b used or will it interfere or must use both bases (4 Church)?
What does "Fingerstyle Neck" mean?
I heard ef-500rcce was stop manufacturing. is this guitar produced by indonesian factory? or qingdao, china?
Does it come with hardshell case?
Does this have the preamp that is in the soundhole?
Is this guitar PLEKed?
Do the Boss ME-70 Guitar Multi-Effects Pedal include the power adapter?
is it programmable?
is the boss me-70 buffered? do i need a separate buffer pedal?
could you send it to mexico??
Which bag do you recommend to buy it together with it?
What are the differences between the me70 and the me50?? what extra effects does it have??
never played one but have heard its got a great history...can it cover AC/DC and 80s Metal as well as some British Blues?
I see there is a BOOST feature..all foot switches i see..only show Channel/effect.and Reverb how do u turn on Boost?
What is the VAC rating? 110 or 240? Thanks
I noticed the gain side doesn't have a volume. Does the volume on clean side control volume for both channels?
does anyone have any idea what year this model actually is some say 2008...others say 2011.? thanks
Does it come with the pedal selector switch? Thanks!
where is it manufactured? Not China I hope.
What are the dimensions of this monitor?
Does this come with a jack cable, or will I have to buy one seperatly?
Is this 110v or 230v
Can I run my drum and a keyboard on this amp at the same time? I'm only seeing one channel
Does this amp deliver good cymbal highs also??
Just wanted to confirm... The sound is not distorted when playing at high volume or with a lot of bass, right?
What cable do I need to connect this to a alesis dm7x?
Is it possible to connect a iPod or iPad so I can drum along with the music?
Can I somehow connect an I pod so I can drum along with the music?
Can this plug right into a PA channel or do you need some sort of controller?
i have a yamaha dd-55 and the icky little drum pedal gave out after a short while. does this unit need anything else, or does it come plug n play?
Will it keep moving if I don't screw it on the floor? I want my drum pad and bass to be movable and can be stowed away if I need extra space
Will this kick pad work with DTX 400 kit?
What drum pedal could be used for this drum pad?
Will this kick pad work with Roland TD-9 kit?
works with a alesis ??
I have an Ion rock drum, will this work with that drum kit?
Will this work with any electric drum kit? I have a ddrum beta and it does have a extra 1/4 jack on it for a bass pad.
I noticed two jacks on the back of this kick drum. Can you daisy chain a second kick drum module off the first one and add the accessory symbol?
Does it have a truss rod in the neck?
Does it work with Amps? (Plug in)
WHERE IS IT MADE
Would the 3 color sunburst fit a 12 year old girl
Does the sunburst one have two pegs for a strap?
Is this guitar a full sized guitar that an adult would play? What kind of a small Amp can I use on it?
manufactured by China or USA ?
when played thru an amplifier does it sound like acoustic or electric guitar?
What size are the bridge pins?
can you plug it to an amp?
Does this Martin LX1E have a pickup? (Fishman Electronic?) Thanks
Does it include a soft carry bag and how much does the guitar weigh
Compare with Taylor baby guitar $299 ?
What pickup do you guys suggest me to add to this guitar? Thanks!
Nylon or steel strings?
how many inches is the gutair
how many inches is the gutair
what are the measurement of this guitar? and what are the strings are made of?
Does it come with a case?
Could this work as a gaming microphone?
I want to record my vocals and other instruments with this mic, specifically acoustic guitar and piano. Will it record with clear quality?
Could anyone recommend this for voiceover work? I create training videos &amp; need something much more portable than Blue Yeti I now have.
can you use a pop filter with this?
I lost the usb cord to connect the mic to my laptop. Where can I get one??
I get strong static almost sound like clicking every few minutes. And the clicking noise come in group of 7-10 clicks then stop and a few minute later would start again. The clicking noise does come thru the recording too. Anyone has experiences with...
Can I use this mic with an android device? (HTC device that has a mini-usb port and a 3.5 mm jack) - If so, what app could I use?
Was this suppose to come with the Cakewalk recording software? For some reason, it wasn't included with my box. Did anyone else have this issue too?
dragon
How do you attach it to the On Stage Stands MS7701?
It is suitable for voice talent? Give a clear voice?
does it work with Windows 7 ?
A common problem with usb mic mics i have seen is the audio to you computer is turned off, does this share the same problem. does it work with win8?
does it work on hp laptops
Would this Mic work for a group meeting?
does this product Samson Q2U USB/XLR come with software for download?.
does it contain the software to download?
Does this include the software
Does the software come with this price
can I just buy the soft ware, I have the headphones and Mic
Will this shock mount work with a blue snow ball USB mic ?
Well this fit a Samson C01U? Also how good is the pop filter, is it as good as some where you can't blow a fire out if it's behind it easily?
is the shock mount made of plastic? or steel or what?
Does this Shockmount fit the MXL 550?
Does this work with an AKG Perception 220?
Will it fit a Shure PG27 Condenser Mic?
Will this work with an atr 2500 microphone?
will this fit the audio technica at2050?
will this work witha yeta
Will this fit a Blue Bluebird?
Ipurchased this product and did all of my down loads and up dates, my problem is, I am not getting an output from my computer, can anyone help me with
This Product " NI Maschine Groove price at $399.00 is this new or used, and dose it come with software?
I have windows xp, will the software work? and Do I need to pay more money to activate the software?
the price includes the maschine , software and cords right?
does it come with all the cords ?
what differences have with the mk2 groove studio (color pads only and more?)
is the same as that brings color pads ?
come wiht serial number and software?
Could I make new music on here ?
Does the maschine thats priced at 249.95 come with the software
I'm traveling out of the country and need a hardshell case for my Lanakai ck-c. Will this fit?
Will this fit a tenor uke?
different interior: when i ordered this case originally, it had grey fur interior, now it has brown felt, and it says a delivery frame of march1 - aprl29..... what the heck!?
Will this fit a ibanez uew10qm concert uke?
will this case fit my OU5
Does this come with a shoulder strap?
Will this fit the Oscar Schmidt by Washburn OU5 Deluxe Concert Ukulele? Thanks!
Does anyone use this for a Lanikai LU-21C Concert Ukulele? Is it a good fit?
Will this case fit the Oscar Schmidt by Washburn UO3 Concert Ukulele, even though it's made for the OC3?
Will this case fil my Kala-SMC Ukulele? I
does it come with a speaker?
does it come with a speaker?
Does the Amplifier raise the Volume in the headsei
can you connect your phone to it, to listen to music?
Will this unit allow you to use the aux. input and mic at the same time or does it switch back and forth? example: background music with singer
My grandmother has a very soft low voice due to Parkinson. Would the microphone be able to pickup on lower then normal speech sound? Almost a whisper
Where can I find the AC cable for recharging?
Would I be able to use Mr. DJ Mic 1000 with this waist band amplifier instead of the one which comes with it?
If I am teaching a class, do I have to WEAR the speaker or can I place it on the desk next to me?
Does it amplify your voice answering the phone
I just purchased a Canon Vixia G20. Would this work without having to buy any adapters? I'm not a tech geek, so looking for the most straightforward
what kind of jack does the receiver have for plugging into the amp system?
receiver battery life?
Can you send 3 packs all with different frequencies? I have 6 performers on stage needing them.
Are speakers required with this equipment?
If I were going to mic up a bride and a groom for a wedding video I am shooting, would this be a good option. I am shooting on a canon dslr.
can you use it outside and does it still sound good. for weddings
What kind of a connection is needed for the body pack if I want to purchase a different headset?
Does anybody know if Audio2000 makes a wireless handheld mic that could be used with this system? If we used the handheld it would be on its own.
Is the quality good enough to use in a band setting? We normally use a SHure wired mic.
Is there a long pocket for the bow? I can't tell from the photo. Thanks.
Greetings all, a quick question (info nowhere online): my 3/4 bass is 20 1/2" upper bout, 26" lower, 72" tall. Will it fit in the Bellafina? Thanks.
what is the warranty?
Have the zippers held up? The zippers on the bag I bought from a different manufacturer failed pretty quick.
What kind of case holds the reeds for a Bass Clarinet?
Does the bodeva humidipaks fit perfectly in the slot for the Rico control pack?
does this handle tenor reeds?
Does this case have numbered slots for the reeds?
How does this compare to the Selmer reed cases?
Fit bari sax reeds??
How big is the actual reed case?
Will this fit baritone sax reeds?
Hello. How long does each Humidipak? another question, how many humidipaks packages come with the purchase?
I bought this reed case, and I opened the humidity pack because it told me to. Was I supposed to do this?
Will this work to play music from my laptop out through my mixer?
Will this work with a digital piano? A Casio Privia PX 150 to be exact?
does this connect to the alesis dm6 drum kit?
Will this work with an electrical guitar?
Is there any way to connect the TS cables to my monitor speakers and the USB to my laptop so I can listen to SoundCloud? I just got my product today..
Does this mixer have the hiss issue if you use it as an output audio interface (computer &gt; mixer &gt; DI) for live situations?
Is there a better option under 100$
Can this be used with batteries?
I do broadcasts with a companion, we both use AT BPHS1 headsets, can I somehow output to both headsets using this mixer? I see only one phone out.
Can I use this to multi-track? For example, can my buddies and I all play at the same time and have our instruments record onto different tracks?
Does this product ship with power supply or are you supposed to power via USB? Thanks.
I want to mix audio output from a PC with two wireless microphones, and send that output into an amp and speaker setup. Can this mixer do that?
Can I plug a USB microphone into this device?
Will this work as recording source for Windows 8.1?
Does this allow for Mix Minus technique?
How do I hook this up?
Not planning on doing live shows or anything. Is this a good enough controller for a beginner?
Could I write and mAke songs if so can I do pop? Can this be connected with other machines?
Could I connect this to my keyboard and laptop ? And could I make new music on hear if so could I do pop?
do you need a soundcard with this?
i have a midi and I'm wondering whether to buy this r an analog synthesizer as I'm not sure if this can do what an analog synthesizer does pls help
can this be used as an analog synthesizer ? please respond
Can this be used as a drum machine? What's the difference between a drum machine? Mapping? and a Controller? I'm a bit confused
does it work with the software virtual dj?
Does this work with WIndows 7?
What mic would work better for a room filled with people? I want to mic for skype or hangout for a workshop of 10-30 people.
One reviewer claimed that he could not use this product with a USB hub. If this is true, can it be used with a simple USB male-female extension cable?
We use GoToMeeting, would we be able to use this along with audio from the call being over the the PC HDMI signal to the tv?
macbook
I'm quadriplegic looking to use this microphone with my voice recognition software (Dragon) it will be in a quiet room but there will be some household noises from the rest of the house. Will the extreme sensitivity be a problem for me? Also , will it...
Do I need to hook up external speakers to be able to hear other callers questions/comments? Or can I hear them through this device?
Does this have a mute button?
Looking for USB mic for Dragon NS; it must be: sensitive (picking voice comfortably within 5 feet); small (not intrusive). Is this ok? Any advice?
If i use monitor speakers (or any close speakers really), is there any feedback if the mic is close?
Has anyone attempted to use this microphone while placing it on the floor? Or a wall?
And it came with the gig bag?
I was thinking to buy this for a birthday gift to someone. Would you recommend this product
Is this a good brand? I was thinking of getting this.
Is this product the dark wood, as pictured?
Does it come with a case
Is this product the dark wood, as pictured?
Is the guitar covered by Gibson factory warranty?
Please give the details on this guitar.
When this stand is completely folded and packed by itself (not included the box or any packing materials),,,, How big it is&iquest;&iquest;&iquest; ( L x W x H). Thanks
Will this hold a 32 inch tv
I want to use this for a treadmill desk as well as adjust it for a sit down desk. How easy is it to adjust height and will it hold up to daily adj?
I need a low display...what's the shortest height this stand can be? Thanks in advance!
Could this holsters be unmounted of the tripod?
There are 4 mounting holes on the back of my LCD flat panel TV in a square pattern 4 inches apart. Will the mounting bracket for this TV stand work?
does this include 2 mic holsters?
how many degrees is the vertical tilt?
Will this work with a 11 - 19" TV? Does it need additional monitor stand or can the TV go on it securely as is?
Will this work with an HDTV or only with an LCD?
Can this be assembled without the Mic holders?
I need a shelf on this to hold a Dymo printer. Do I need to purchase an additional shelf? If so, what?
I would like to use this stand for our children's check in at our church, using a 21' flat monitor. Will it work for this?
I want to use this for karaoke. Right now I use a computer monitor. Do I need to purchase anything else to connect my monitor to this stand?
Is the height adjustment easy enough and sturdy enough to handle daily changes between a treadmill desk and a sit down desk?
Does the display tilt once mounted to the stand?
Does the display tilt once mounted to the stand?
does it have a very wide neck?
Does this guitar have a steel reinforced neck?
Is this easier on your fingers---is there a marked differences in the callouses and pain compared to steel strings
guitar for left handed person
What size are the tuner holes? 8mm or 10mm?
Would a reverse of the strings be all that is necessary to make it playable for a lefty?
Does it come with a bag?
Does this guitar comes in a box?
Is it a set neck (glued dovetail) or bolt on neck?
Is this a full size classical guitar?
I was thinking of buying this to mount a Numark CDN77 dual CD player for use in my home studio. Would it be suitable?
would a 2u case under 16inches deep fit
can you mount a 2u server on it
The Manufacturer write: Package Contents: Open Frame 2 Post Rack 20 x M5 Screws Cage Nuts so why i am hearing some people said they find only 10 !
Does it come with cage nuts and screws? If so, how many?
What size are the rack screws, washers, and cage nuts included and quantity?
I know it is 19 inches wide, but how deep is it? Does the angle increase the space needed much?
Is there any way to connect this to iPhone or IPad?
Does the Shure PG42 USB require any additional power aside from what's provided by a PC USB port?
when i shop for a stand , How can i know if the stand will fit into this shock mount or not ?
Regarding the headphone output: It doesn't transmit the instrumental track from Garage Band loud enough. Solutions?
Anyone had issues getting electromagnetic hum or hissing on this mic? (Using this on a laptop, blue yeti gave me the hiss/hum as well)
Could I attach the included shock mount to this a DS7200B Adjustable Desk Microphone Stand? Would I need anything to connect it? Thanks!
Would this work well with an MS7701B Tripod Boom Microphone Stand and a Nady MPF-6 6-Inch Clamp On Microphone Pop Filter? What else would I need?
How long is the USB cable?
Does this mic need a separate desk stand? Can it be handheld? Does it need a pop filter and if so which ones would be an appropriate choce
Does this lot come with the cord that connects the mic to USB port?
What's this Schecter part number?
Will this fit my Omen Extreme-FR?
Is it good for travelling by plane?
Will it fit a left handed C-1 FR?
this cas is perfecto to Schecter Damien Platinum 6 Floyd Rose Satin Black Guitar
this cas is perfecto to Schecter Damien Platinum 6 Floyd Rose Satin Black Guitar
Can this case fit a Schecter Hellraiser C-1 FR-S?
Will my Diamond Series XXX Model fit?
Will this fit a C-1 E\A semi hollow ?
Will this fit a C-1 e\a ?
I want this for my 9.1 HTsystem to give extea power to my klipsch rf-7ii's. The av is an onk 929 with pre-amp output. Is this overkill?
does this amp have a switch that can make me change from 110 to 240volts?
WILL THIS WORK IN AMERICA?
Which has more actual power: the xls 1500 or the europower ep4000? (you need both amps to compare since the given specifications are misleading)
would this be enough amp to run 4 Community PA speakers, the recommended power for these is 625 WRMS at 8ohms?
can i run a pair of baby tremors @8ohms each &amp; daisy chained in bridge mode?
Will this Thing power ONE JBL PRX418s rated at 800 continuous / 1600 program / 3200 peak? what is it's watts specs
is this a good match for behringer b1220 pro speakers?
Hello, does the power mains of this amp support 220-240v
The Behringer A500 required that the amp start at zero sound and then turn up, is this AMP like this or can it hold a certain level while powered?
will these work for audio technica ath-m59?
I this a hard/rigid case, or soft?
will my audio technica ath-m40 studio headphones fit in this case?
Would this fit logitech h600?
what are the distentions of the case, diameter and depth? thanks
do you guys ever worry about how much they bend the ath m50s headband and how much they press the earmuffs together?
would these fit the Technics RP DH 1250s?
Will the Shure SRH940 fit without bending the headband?
Would these fit the Shure SRH940?
This case looks great......is there any room to put a fiio e11 amp in with it?
Will this bag work for my Mackie thump 15s?
will this fit a mackie thump 12
Will this fit my Mackie SRM 450's ?
Will this fit a QSC K-12 ?
Anybody know if these will fit the EV ELX115 speakers? Thanks in advance!!
Will this fit the Harbinger APS15's?
do these fit cerwin vega se380?
will these fit the RCA ART315 speaker?
Fit RCF Art 312A ? Are side handles accessible ?
Is this just for one bag or is it for a pair?
I have a couple Crown 4002 XTi amps I want to mount in a case. they are 14 inches from to back mounting brackets . how well do they fit this case?
What is the rear rack rail?
Can you carry this on to airplane or is it too large?
Does this include the rear rack rail?
Can a Peavey IPR2 3000 power amp, DBS 215 dual channel 15 band equalizer, a PV23XO 2 way crossover and a furman pl-8 C power conditioner fit in this unit.
does this work on jensen JTA-460?
does this needle replaces the Jensen JTA-230 needle
WILL IT REPLACE PHILCO #24?
Replacing needle on old Pioneer turntable. Present needle is a model ADC 250 XE. Will this fit?
Does it work on Anders Nicholson System?
will this work for a Magnavox Micromatic model 150927-2?
will this fit a Lafayette t.4000 turntable ?
The picture shows a black case but the color is described as "natural". Please let me know if the case is black.
Does this fit the contour of a pineapple soprano? I have a 48 year-old Kamaki.
My soprano is 21" plus I need room for the strap button at the bottom. Will this fit 22"?
Is the outside covering of the case nylon or cloth? Is it weather resistant?
does it fit pineapple ukes?
will this fit for a pineapple ukuele?
What are the dimensions of this case?
Will the OS OU7TE uke fit in this bag?
Does this also fit a pineapple concert ukulele?
does it have shoulder straps
Will it fit an Epiphone Les Paul Uke?
Will this case fit the Damien Elite Solo 6?
would the schecter deluxe 006 fit this case?
Schecter Damien special tune o matic enter here ?
the damien 8 strings fit in this?
Could this case fit my Schecter Omen FT Active (6 String)? It's this guitar http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007...
does it have cap for 24 frets ?
My son has a Schecter Avenger BJ SLS s fr. Is this the right case for his guitar?
would it fit an C-1 E/A Diamond Series
Will this work for left handed schecter avenger?
Will this fit ANY bass guitar?
How Many computer authorize does this crossgrade has?
How is this version compared to EZ Drummer (which I own)? Does it allow the drums to be more shaped/EQ'd?
Can someone please explain what's the difference between the Crossgrade version and the regular version? I'm having a hard time following...
The description says this is a crossgrade from EZDrummer 1, but will it upgrade from EZDrummer 2 as well?
I've got EZDrummer 2, when buying this and loading, do I have two separate drum programs or does this overlay the EZdrummer program?
is their any cable that comes with it ? and does it go with female xlr to usb ?
Has anyone tried this with a harmonic and if so how did it work?
Does the microphone accept the female or male end of the cable? I have a mixer with female jacks, so I want to be sure I'm getting the correct cord.
does this Mic require phantom power or battery
can it use for church?
Has anyone used this mic on a bass amp.I want to use a mic on my bass amp it's a Peavey TNT115 600w
WHAT HAPPENED all of the sudden after I order one to try and now its under REVIEW should i be worried? it should be in today sometime.....
Does anyone use this to mic a banjo or guitar? If so, how is the sound quality of it?
Is a windscreen included, or is it strictly the microphone?
Can I use an XLR to 3.5mm adapter to plug this into a computer microphone jack? Thanks!
can you hook up an mp3 or ipod ? I can't tell if I can hook up an mp3 or ipod to this ?
What CD-Gs are compatible with the Singing Machine SML-383: Does anyone have any specific references or brands of karaoke CDs that they've used successfully?
does it play regular cds?
Will it amplify just your voice without playing a CD?
What kind of C batteries should I use?
Can it be hooked up to the Tv?
What are the exact measurements of this singing machine ??
is it good for a 6 yr. old? do cds come with it? do you need to plug into tv
does this record your own voice and background music to cd ?
what CD's are compatible with it?
How can you hook up more than one fogger to this remote? Does this remote only come with one receiver for one fogger or can you get more?
Is this the 5 pin circular connector or the larger 3 pin connector?
can I use this with the Chauvet B-250 Bubble Machine?
I have a Chauvet Hurricane 700 Fog Machine, this remote control works with this fog machine?
Will this work with the eliminator 700?
The Pins for the connectors are 5 PIN DIN. ALL CHAUVET FOGGERS HAVE A FEMALE DIN INPUT. THE CONNECTOR FOR THIS RECIEVER PRODUCT IS A 5 PIN DIN MALE
what kind of connector is? served with any chauvet fogger? could put more pictures?
I have a Chauvet Geyser RGB. The remote makes the machine react, but not as intended. Do you know how the dipswitch on the receiver need to be set?
Is this compatible with h700?
Any way to put this on a timer so it turns on every few minutes?
I just got this fog machine today. It works great but every few min it makes a loud clicking sound Is it suppose to do that? thanks!
Bought last year, used one and put it away following cleaning steps in manual. Tried out today and everything lights up, buttons do nothing?
is this machine battery operated?
Would this machine do well for the stadium entrance of a high school football?
is it a nice product
Does this unit come with fog juice or no?
how much fog juice would i need for a 5 hour event? (1100 fog machine) does it come with the timer?
how long will it make smoke before it stops?
I plan to use this machine inside, will it leave a residue on furniture or other things?
Would this work with the Chauvet Geyser RGB?
Would this work with the 1ByOne 1200 Watt Fog Machine?
Will this timer/remote work with Chauvet Hurricane Haze 2D?
How long is the cord on this remote?
How long is the cord on this remote?
Can I use this with the Chauvet Hurricane 700?
does this remote work with chauvet hurricane haze 2d?
How do you get this to work? I've recieved 2 units and not even pressing manual on it works.
What is the fastest time (in minutes) that this timer will activate the machine? My machine says it can go off every 2 minutes. Will this do that?
Writeup says it works with Chauvet 900. Does it work with the Chauvet 901?
what to look for in a clip tuner?
Is this good for a 12 string guitar
I have a once a month gig where I play outdoors in bright sunlight (from behind) with no shade in sight. Can you see this tuner in bright sunlight?
does it do "drop-d" and other tuning styles?
I have 2JBL's JRX125 dual 15" 2-way speaker sounds perfect but I am getting old so I like something lighter but quality has to be close
Can this be used as a portable pa system? does a mic come with it?
Is it ok to daisy chain a passive 15" speaker to a 12"speaker (8 ohms) for mains, I realize the split in ohms when doing this but is it kosher??
Would these work for an outside event of about 300 people?
Can I pair it with my iphone 6 plus?
Has anybody used the B212XLs with the EP4000 and how many speakers have you used without having any power issues? I'm planning for 4 speakers. Thanks!
can you use the b212A speaker with the 212XL speaker? (one of each)
What type of wire should I use with this?
can you use powered speakers with a powered mixer?
Is the Behringer eurolive 212xl a powered speaker
should i get this or the mv500?
Do the fine tuners on the MV 650 take loop-end or ball-end violin strings?
I'm having trouble with the removable pegs slipping. Do you have any advice on how to prevent this from happening?
Where is this violin manufactured
Is this a good quality made violin that sounds good and is made of real wood and not plastic?
How do I tighten the strings?
Is this violin's maple back with "flamed" wood grain?
Where is the Mendini 4/4 MV400 made?
Does this violin come with a sound post installed?
is there multiple bows?
My violin came with only one bridge and it wasn't assembled, is it supposed to be this way?
Is this good for a 10 year old who wants to play the violin, but never has played an instrument?
What would be a good size to but for a 5 or 6 year old who is about 4 feet tall? The "children's" violins on amazon are horribly rated.
did you have any trouble with the bow, chin rest, or case? or any other problems?
I find it hard to believe that a $100 violin has real ebony fittings. Are the fingerboard and tuners really ebony or another wood dyed or painted?
what bridge does this come with
One Item - Bow - The hair of the bow completely got separated from the stick, Could you replace it ?
General question, I have a 6 yr old daughter who is interested in a violin, what size should I be looking at? 1/4 or 1/2?
Does the actual violin that will ship look anything like this?
If I wanted to purchase another set of strings, will I need to get a loop-end E or a ball-end?
Is the violin in pieces that I need to use directions to put them together, or is it all in one piece already?
Is the case ok for air travel?
I heard this is some what cheap ,is it?
should i get this or the mv650?
You sell a mv300, mv400, mv500 and mv650. What is the difference?
Is this violin good for beginners? does it sound good ?
Is this a Stentor II?
Does this come with the case?
IS THIS A STENTOR II ELECTRIC VIOLIN?
does this comes with a rosin? if yes, what brand?
are the pega made from ebony, and is the viol&iacute;n made of solid wood
Does this come set up?
My friend wants to start playing violin. How good is this out of a scale of 10? Does it break easily? How is the sound? Thanks so much :)
How does it compare to the Stentor 2?
Is it a full size violin for an adult?
Can this violin/fiddle be set up for a left handed person? Thanks
Do you have to put the violin together yourself or does it come already put together? Thanks :)
Does the "natural" color have a gloss finish or is it a matte/satin finish as well? Thanks!
Is this a quality instermunt
For the price, is this violin on par with a toy or real violin? I hear that it's a cheap import, a low-end brand, poorly built with cheap materials.
How long is the wood aged?
is this instrament going to last long?
Is this a quality instrament worth keeping
what was the best quality in the kit?
Are the pegs hard to turn?
What size is for children?
Can this be shipped to another country, in argentina?
Can this be shipped to another country, in Phillipines/Asia ?
Does the violin come assembled or do you have to put it together once it comes?
Does this come with rosin?
I bought this last year for our daughter. It would never stay in tune and after 6 months of light use it completely broke. What is the warrenty?
Is this violin good enough for an adult beginner?
Is this violin good for 16 year olds? Is a full size good for a 5/10?
Can this be shipped to another country, in Colombia?
Can I purchase this violin that says is ideal for beginners in the description because I am intermediate going to advanced
What is the difference in sizes between 1/4 1/2 and 4/4 Am thinking of getting one, just not sure about the size.
My sons are 10 and 7 and both want to learn violin. What size do I need to get them?
do u have loaded sound of the violin to youtube?
How do i find out the serial no. of the violin that was sold to me ?
what size is appropriate for a 8year old child?
can i add mi digi 003 rack + to it and add 8 channel
I read it has 28 inputs but only counted 8 XLR &amp; 8 1/4 inch inputs. Am I missing something? And can you use XLR and 1/4 inch at the same time?
Does It Support FL Studio 11?
Does purchasing Live 8 Suite here also allow the free update to Live 9 Suite when it is released?
Does this include the free upgrade to Ableton Suite 9 when it is released?
I want to know why Amazon is selling Ableton Live Suite 8 for $75 more than Ableton is selling it for on their website ($524)?
Where is the headphone jack located? Does the headphone chord get in the way while playing?
I notice u say it has piano 1 and piano 2 sounds. Does is have upright, baby grand or grand piano sound?
Does it have weighted keys?
how high is this piano
Is the piano black or brown?
How long is the power chord that the piano comes with?
which the electrical current work with it 120 or 220 ?or auto control ?
What is the distance from floor to bottom of keybed? How much 'leg room" under the piano? I was told 24 inches which seems very short.
Can you use headphones with this piano?
Does this piano have MIDI in and out ports?
How much does the case cost?
Does it come in a fretless model?
Does the guitar come with a manufacturer's case ?
Can I connect 5 of these to get 10 independent audio output channels generated by the computer via usb?
How do you connect this to VirtualDJ?
Do I need to buy a separate cable to use this product? I'm not really sure how the I/O system works. Can someone explain? Thanks!
Can you connect to a USB power supply and use the analog to S/PDIF output?
Does this device also include DAC (digital-to-analog), versus "just" ADC?
speakers
How long is the USB cord?
How would you connect this to the Akai XR20 drum machine and would it even work?
If using with the Behringer Xenyx 802, how does it connect to the mixer?
can I use this with Garage Band?
What would I order to hang them from a ceiling, and do you have the hardware? I can order through Amazon? or?
Are these rated 8 ohms per cabinet?
is this self powe speakershow many years of warranty
how to connect BEHRINGER EUROLIVE B215XL to pioneer receiver?
What kind of power chords do I need for this product? Also how do I connect it to an auxiliary cable?
B215XL work well with EP4200?
this coming in pair i mean. 2 speakers?
how many speakers coming on this order
la corneta es amplificada???
What type of stand do these speaker use?
I will mount these into concrete. What diameter and length of concrete masonry screws do I need to use? Do I also need to use plastic "anchors"? I've tried to use plastic "anchors" other times that I've drilled holes in concrete, but have never been...
Will QSC K10 fit snuggly or loosely on these brackets?
Is this for a pair or just one bracket?
I don't understand what I am looking at how do you mount your speaker to that little pole?
are the brackets adjustable for size of speaker? and how many pounds can it handle
Is this a pair or one only?
Is this one bracket or a pair of brackets?
Can the stand portion that holds the laptop lie flat? Or does it always need to be at an angle like in the images?
I need a stand to hold a 13" MBP on a gig. I can't see how the 4 pegs will hold a laptop securely in place. Can someone describe for me how it works?
I think I have parts missing. I got no instructions. All I got was a base and the part where the laptop sits but they don't seem to fit together?
can adjustable brackets squeeze a 14" LCD screen tight enough to be tilted 90 degrees without slipping out?
Would using an iPad 3 at an angle being used with a finger drumming based app be sturdy on this?
Can I fit a 17" Alienware laptop fit on this desk?
what would you say is its weight limits? can it hold...say a 20lbs printer?
What is the minimum height? Can you use this stand seated at say 26"?
How much does it weigh, and does fold up small enough to fit into a backpack?
Will that stand be able to hold a all in one computer Dimensions (H x W x D) 20.0" x 16.2" x 4.0" and Weight (16.4 lb)?
Haven't played trumpet in 30 years. Is this a good beginner to intermediate instrument? If not, which brand is good?
Is this a good trumpet for playing in a beginning orchestra?
What is the difference between a "B" and a "C" type trumpet?
Does it matter what brand 5c mouth piece I buy it go with this trumpet? What should the mouth piece be made out of?
What does the MTT-L, or the other letters after the name represent, and what is the bore on the trumpet?
What part of this trumpet contains the lead
Is this a good trumpet for high school band players
Is it possible to receive a 5C mouthpiece with my purchase instead of 7C or just not receive the mouthpiece with the trumpet?
Would you please tell me the origin of this trumpet?
does this unit have tremolo effect?
What kind of input/output jacks are on this pedal? 3.5mm (headphones) or instrument cable size jacks?
What are the major differences between the RP55 and RP50? (I currently have the RP50. Worth "upgrading"?)
Does it have an auxiliary input which I can put music to play with?
Can I get that Duane Eddy effect
Does it include AC power adapter?
Why does it make everything really quiet? Before everything was so loud I could hardly turn it up past 2, now I can hardly hear at 10
So there is no power source for this pedal included?
does this unit have a distortion built in to the unit or do i need a separate unit ?
does this come with a power cord?
This may be a stupid question but I am not a guitarist but am looking for an affordable vocal looper. Will I be able to plug a mic in and loop?
So how do add the artist tones to it? And are they decent?
Would this work for harmonica players?
Is it possible to store and switch between different loops with this? For instance, going from a verse loop to the chorus and back
Does this work with acoustic guitars that have the amp plug in feature?
can i use this loop machine to loop live drum or effects?
it says that i has a 20 second looper but mine only records about 8 seconds. Does the 20 second refer to something other than recording time?
Does this work well with an acoustic-electric guitar?
Does this come with a power supply.
does this product come with a power source or do i have to order it separately?
Does it allow you to keep separate loops so that you can switch? for example if the song has a chorus you might want to change the loop on the fly
I am looking for an effect pedal for my harmonica. I am looking at the digitech and the Zoom G3X. Any ideas as to which is best for harmonica?
Does it would use a standard DC power adapter
Is there a way to assign a preset to a foot switch? That way I could easily switch between 3 presets quickly during a song?
Is the pedal supposed to have a spring in it? Mine doesn't, and you can just push it down and it stays there.
Does it come with phaser or flanger effects?
what wattage amp is needed for the digitech rp355
Does this come with the type B USB cable for connecting it to a computer or do I need to add one to my cart when I buy this?
does this have a swell built in??
Would I be a fool to swap out my 2 Mackie SRM450 mains for these smaller sized QSC K8's?
Any ideas for cheaper monitors for bass player &amp; keyboardist that still hit low end nicely, smallish, less wattage and cheaper? I love QSC K but $$'s
Is the price for two( pair) or 1??
Can I use this K8 speaker with my Mackie 1402-VZ3 mixer?
I hear that the K-8 and K-10 speakers "buzz" when turned up past 12 o'clock, is this true ?
Is this a brand new K8 or a refurbished one? Does it come with the original 3-year warranty?
Would this be a good setup for pop piano and voice? Not asking too much out of them? I'm not playing anything heavy or crazy
is the price per speaker or set
I'm looking to replace my hodge podge of floor wedges - However, are these QSC K8's overkill for monitors? Replacing Behringer B208D Active 200-Watt
Can I use this PA speaker with Yamaha MG82cx Mixer?
Will this stand work with a banjo?
What are the dimensions of this item?
Are the metal tubes hollow or solid?
Would this hold a cello?
Does this stand fold?
Is it good for electric guitar also? Can it destroy its finish?
How many guitars does it hold?
Ok here's a good question. WHY does this guitar stand come with a warning on it that says it can damage my guitar ? I'm so mad
Concerning the warning about possible damage, has anyone actually had any damage to their finish?
How does this collapse? do the feet fold down toward the center and make it easy to store in a violin case?
do you carry any shoulder rest that would be usable for both a full viola and a full violin?...thank you
would this also fit a full size viola...or do you carry one that would work for both?....thanks
does it fit on 1/8 size violin?
Are the rubber protectors on feet available for purchase separately? I only need to replace these.
Can it fit 3/4 violins too?
Is it made in Canada or China?
I wonder now comes with the case?
Where is it made?
Do I buy ball end or loop end strings?
Is this violin for a beginner or an intermediate student?
hello, I wonder if the product comes with a cover? thank you
what items do i get with this violin
I do not know much about violin. I would like to buy this one for my 7 years old son, is it difficult to assemble the bridge ?
does this violin come with a shoulder rest?
Are the pegs wooden?
Does this come with a case? I cannot tell from the description.
are the pegs ebony
What the strings, bow, etc. like?/Will I need to buy anything extra like better strings or the like?
What is the height between the fingerboard and the strings?
What all comes with this violin? I see a case and bow in one of the pictures. Please list all items if you could.
Is this violin available in a left-handed version?
When you say "full size" you mean 4/4 or 3/4?
Hello... I need Qty: 150... Do you have this Qty?
Does it work with a classical guitar?
Will this work for ovation acoustic guitar and for mandolin?
How long is the pad? My guitar has a large neck so I want to make sure it will fit.
where is this being sent from
Will this work for ukes too?
Does this work for electric guitars? I am a beginner and have a Washburn WR-150.
you send to Brazil?
How long does the capo last
How long does the shipping last?
Can I play music thru the player by connecting my laptop to RCA inputs or some other way ?
Can I play Super CD+G's in this player?
can I hook this up to a tv with only rca video and audio inputs
will this system read Russian DVD disc?
does it have sing scoring?
Hello Is it possible to connect it to laptop to use youtube for lyrics and sound? Thank you
can it play VCD?
Does it come with microphones?
Can you use the usb port to pley music from your iphone or ipod?
SO, I bought this and I'm still not clear... do I need to buy beeswax for it? Or is it playable as is? IT just came today.
Does the didgeridoo come with the beeswax mouth piece?
How long is the warranty on this Didj? It cracked a couple months after I got it and I barely played it.
how to play?
Is this a decent didgeridoo for learning circular breathing?
What size &amp; Synthetic?
what's head size &amp; hight?
How tall is it?
What is the diameter of the actual playing surface?
does this come with a cover/case to keep it in?
Where is this Djembe made?
Hi, do the plastic extensions fit on these stands?
When set up to use, how much clearance from bottom of inner shaft to the floor? Thanks y'all!
How does the platform attach to the pole?
To what extent does this stand come apart and fold up? (HoW transportable is it?)
I have a very large (and heavy) music book. If I have it on pg. 1, the weight is all toward one side. Would this tip easily?
Is it possible to lock the bookplate into a specific title angle such as parallel to the floor? Would like to be to use it as a portable desk top.
Is the 45" height measured at the bottom of the book plate?
Would this music stand, disassembled, fit into a suitcase for transport overseas?
How tall is the stand from the floor to the top?
Would it hold an iPad without sliding it?
it cant work with out the battery
is this item have electical card to plung in
Anyone know if this has built-in reverb or would I need a separate reverb unit to work with this? I need some rerverb for guitar/vocals. Thanks!
Why R the first 2channels louder than the other channels, i know they are for mono but still they are way louder than the other channels ive noticed
I bought this mixer for a 3 person podcast. i only see one headphone input. Where do i plug the other two headphones in?
This mixer can hold up to 4 mics, correct? I'm looking for something to use in group discussions.
Is this a powered mixer? I mean if i have a powered speakers do I need an amp or the speakers can do the job
What voltage does this mixer use? can i use it in mauritius where we use 230v.
for channels 9/10 it says something like "2 track" what is the deal with that? basically what im saying is can i use it like a normal channel?
About the adaptor, is it globally used or only can be used in US?
Does this work with an electric violin?
Does this have a battery outlet where you can change the battery
Does this amp work with a basic microphone?
Does this amp work with Bass Guitar? Thanks!
Does this amp have a headphone 3.5mm (1/8in) port?
How well does this work with acoustic-electric guitars? do I need to buy anything apart from a cord if i wanteed to plug in my acousic electric?
I use a Roland AC-90 with guitar/mic and occasionally I need a monitor. Will a typical PA monitor-out line drive this properly?
Does anyone know if a microphone with a 4.57m XLR to XLR cable will work with this amp
Is this dynamic enough to be used with a bass wihtout doing damage to the speaker?
How many watts is this ?
Guitar---Amp--- 1/4in Cable----This Product-----1/4inch cable----- Recording Interface. Will this work or do i need a special cord for the output?
Could I use my balanced 1/4 to XLR cable to replace DI box?
I want to record digital piano and play live at church. Should I get BEHRINGER ULTRA-DI DI400P for $20 or is this sufficient?
In the 1/4 imputs can u connect 2 guitars into it or is one and in and other out ?
Can I connect a 100 watt tube amp head to the DI box without hooking up the speaker cabinet? Will that damage the Amp??
will this unit work to transmit music from a IPhone through speakers in a gymnasium sound system?
Can I connect my laptop to this using a 1/4 inch adapter? I can only connect to the mixer with XLR's, otherwise I'd use a mini plug to RCA.
can i plug my guitar cord into this then right into the mixer ?
bass guitar --1/4 cable---&gt; this product ---xlr to usb cable----&gt; computer, does this work?
Can I connect my laptop to this using a 1/4 inch adapter? I can only connect to the mixer with XLR's, otherwise I'd use a mini plug to RCA.
Will this case be a good fit for a Gibson 339? Does anyone know or have one they have put in this case?
Will this case fit an Epiphone Nighthawk
will this fit Fender Blacktop Strat?
Will it fit a 1968 Gibson EB-3 short scale bass (total length 41.5 inches)?
Will this case fit a 2005 Ibanez SZ520?
will it fit a parker pdf series guitar
Would this fit an Epiphone SG?
Flying to Germany. Want to pack my Les Paul! Will it Fit and will it be protected?
Do you recommend this case for a Les Paul LPJ?
Does this guitar have knobs/pegs where you can put a strap?
Would this guitar fit into a hardcase designed for a Taylor GS Mini?
What is the difference between CGS103A &amp; CGS103All
Does this have nylon strings?
What is the distance in inches from the nut to the saddle? (that's the scale length)
Scale length?
How does a strap affix to this guitar?
Does it have a solid spruce top or laminate?
what bag fits?
is this too small for a teenager? Can this be used for a teenager just beginning to play?
does this fit with any kind of takamine g series guitar?
is this the case that will officially fit my takamine gd30ce
Does this case fit on Takamine GN93CE-NAT?
Does anyone know if this will fit a Tak GN93C NEX body?
Will fit the Takamine EF341SC in this case ?
I play a Takamine GD20-NS (16" wide and 5" deep). Amazon product details say case is 19.2" wide and 7" deep (way, way too big for my GD20). Is that right?
I ordered this for my G340SC. The lid wouldn't close. Should I order a replacement? I'm hoping that will work. Please. : (
Hello, I asked if the G340SC would fit in this case. The lid won't close. (Unless I push really, really hard.) Should I order a replacement?
What are the interior dimensions?
would it fit my takamine GN93CE NAT G series NEX?
does the surge protector have a port for cable tv?
I want to connect 3 Audio Amplifiers to the unit's switched outlets, can I connect 2 to the high current receptacles and one to a digital outlet?
Is the power cable a flat plug?
CAN IT FILTER out back-up GENERATOR A/C Line NOISE-commonly known as dirty power.
What does it do when it meets your setting for max/min voltage,turn off power to your devices?Is the breaker on the front related to the surge defense
Want to replace IsobarUltra because they do not shut off power once MOV's have failed. Will this do that or tell me surge protection has failed?
Hel&ocirc;. This case is for takamine EG523sc-stp? Thanks
Will this fit a Takamine EG345C 12 string dreadnought?
Will this fit a takamine cut out acoustic guitar?
Hi, do you have the dimensions of the case? I am looking for a hardcase for a Maestro Medium Jumbo Guitar.
I have a 50th anniversary G series electric / acoustic. Will this case fit the guitar? It does have a cutaway.
Will this fit a Takamine N-20 Jumbo ??
what color is this guitar case
My Takamine GD20-NS is 16" wide and 5" deep. I suspect it will swim in this case, and that I should keep shopping. Yes or no?
What are the inside dimensions of the case? I want to make sure my Takamine EG430S-VV will fit snug, since I will be traveling overseas with it.
will this fit my GN51-CE???
how many decibels can the L1 put out?
I have an acoustic guitar (w/ pickup) and an SM58 (for vocals). I'm a noob when it comes to live equipment. Buying this, is this all I need for live?
Is a 16 input mixer compatible with the bose system. (QSC Touchsmart mixer)
can you play bass guitar
Is it one tower or two
I need to use this in a basketball gym for dances at a school. Will one unit be enough?
how do you add reverb?
How can you mount a T1 Audio Engine to the unit? Is there special hardware available for this?
I'm a bassist (contra bass w/low F# string), which Bose model system and sub,would you recommend with an 8pcs band?
Does it includes a pair of bags to carry it anywhere?
Does it include a dust cover?
does it have tonearm lift?
If i have Ez Vinyl Converter already installed can that be used or do i need to use what comes with this?
Hi, Does this product has any warranty?
Is the catridge MM or MC
i have the stanton t90 usb and a new set of speakers. can i run directly thru the speakers or will i need a pre amp or anything else to run it thru?
Some reviews say sound quality is much better using the phono outputs, but I want to convert vinyl to digital CDs. Can you still do this this way?
Does it include clamshell? to protect it from dust
Does this work with windows home edition?
do you ship to australia
Hi, is this compatible with my Entertech ET 19k wireless Magin Sing Machine?
I WANT SEE THE SONG IN THIS
Hi is this compatible with the ET25K? Thanks
How is this Chip install to ur Magic Sing?
Hello, Just doble checking- does this chip work with the EnterTech MagicSing ET-23KH HD Wireless Microphone Karaoke System - English Edition ? TKS
How is this Chip install to ur Magic Sing?
Is it compatible with the model KHM-150 (MicroKY)? Thanks
Hi, is this compatible with my Entertech ET 13k wireless Magin Sing Machine?
Works whith the et9k&Acirc;&iquest;
Is this compatible with my magic sing ET25KN
What are the dimensions? Side-to-side? Height? and front-to-back?
Does this thing have the power warts that drain electricity?
I noticed in the picture it shows the unit with rubber feet....does the unit actually come with those attached, and if so, does it fit well in a rack?
Needles, Sound Quality? Any information on those parts of the ION turntable?
playing 33lp's: Can I just plug this into the wall like a radio and play the records?
Can the output recording be burned onto a cd or is it strictly for MP3's?
During recording, can you "pause" to skip to a different track on an L.P.?
will theION turntable &amp; recorder transcribe record content to a PC
my macbook doesn't have a cd drive is the software downloadable?
ION Profile LP - what am I doing wrong, its recording from the mic: The recording is coming from the mic on my mac rather than direct from the USB cable - what am I doing wrong?
Nice Turntable but how do I resolve the problem of the music skipping while recording. Have tried everything Ion has suggested. Someone please help.
Can someone please tell me what the maximum width and depth is? I want to put this in my vintage stereo cabinet.
mac compatible?
does it have a built in crossover?
Hi. My name is gabriel. I just bought the VP 1800.Passive subwoofer. Can you suggest me what kind of crossover do I need? Thanks.
What ohmn is the behringer eurolive vp 1800
Can the Behinger Eurolive VP 1800S be connected to a Europort EPA900 Ultra-Compact 900-Watt-8-Channel Portable PA System?
Is this sub powered or passive?
Can I power 4 of these with a europower2500 bridged. 2ea on 1ch and 2ea on the other. And use the internel crossover in the amp.
Is the Eurolive VP1800S a self powered speaker
How do i connect this passive subwoofer to my numark n4 mixer using a Behringer amp A500? I already have two EV pa speakers. Help please,
I have a SHS SPMU 1060 600 watt powered mixer (300) a side, if I already have two speakers on it, will it still be enough to push the sub?
HOW MANY CORDS DOES IT TO CONNECT 1 OR 2
does it come with a bench, stand and pedal?
lenght
Can headphones and speakers (built-in, or otherwise) be used simultaneously?
Can this piano be played without MIDI connections to a computer and without headphones?
the piano has sheet music holder?
How cumbersome is it to carry this piano around in a gig bag?
Have anybody had any experience with how good (or bad) Yamaha is at honoring its 3 year warranty?
can this be plugged into.
Power supply adapter only 117v or international(110-240v)?
What are the voices?
Hi, I just bought this stand but I would like to know.....Is there an extension piece I can buy to set the snare drum higher to play standing up?
How low will the snare stand go?
Will this stand accommodate a 15" snare?
Does anyone know diameter of tubes? I wanna know the diameter thinner one that goes in the thinker tube.
will this hold a 12" drum pad?
Is it a concert height snare stand ? Or drum set height snare stand?
Suppose this stand would be able to be used to hold a rack tom?
Will this hold Yamaha DD65?
Will this hold a Latin Percussion Compact Quinto, 11-inch?
How tall does this stand extend heighth wise?
Will a DMX controller work with these? Giving you more 'scenes' etc.
Do each of the lights have 56 or 108 LEDs; the picture has 108? Is the tripod included?
My band uses 4 of these sets, but a cpl of the clusters have LED's that are now dead. Does anyone know if they sell the individual clusters or do we have to buy the entire 4 bar again? I've looked everywhere and can't seem to find the individual...
Is this the Chauvet 4Bar Tri or 4Bar Flex?
Dose this come with a carrying case or bag for the lights ?
Would this provide lighting for a small stage area if hung from the ceiling? I wanted to purchase two of them. We will be using this for the church.
Can you set "scenes" and then recall them with the foot controller? e.g. pedal "A" for soft blue lighting / pedal "B" for a bright. preset.
how high does the tripod extend
Can you assign a different color for each light without a DMX controller? The manual implies one uniform color for all four lights using the ftswitch.
does it come with the stand?
Does the wire have memory, ie, is it hard to straighten?
Does this wire holds its shape? I need 1mm wire to make pushrods for my rc plane.
What is the product weight? Amazon lists 1.6oz, but I compute 4oz by density.
Does this wire holds its shape? I need 1mm or .037in wire to make pushrods for my rc plane
Lets say i got this wire and hung 500 pounds off of it would it hold?
how thick is it? Is it as thick as a Quarter or thicker?
Will this wire rust?
is this actual string for pianos?
Is this wire the same as used for forming fish hooks?
How bendable is this wire when comparing it to, lets say, a clothes hanger?
Does the wire have memory, ie, is it hard to straighten?
Does this wire holds its shape? I need 1mm wire to make pushrods for my rc plane.
What is the product weight? Amazon lists 1.6oz, but I compute 4oz by density.
Does this wire holds its shape? I need 1mm or .037in wire to make pushrods for my rc plane
Lets say i got this wire and hung 500 pounds off of it would it hold?
how thick is it? Is it as thick as a Quarter or thicker?
Will this wire rust?
is this actual string for pianos?
Is this wire the same as used for forming fish hooks?
How bendable is this wire when comparing it to, lets say, a clothes hanger?
Does the wire have memory, ie, is it hard to straighten?
Does this wire holds its shape? I need 1mm wire to make pushrods for my rc plane.
What is the product weight? Amazon lists 1.6oz, but I compute 4oz by density.
Does this wire holds its shape? I need 1mm or .037in wire to make pushrods for my rc plane
Lets say i got this wire and hung 500 pounds off of it would it hold?
how thick is it? Is it as thick as a Quarter or thicker?
Will this wire rust?
is this actual string for pianos?
Is this wire the same as used for forming fish hooks?
How bendable is this wire when comparing it to, lets say, a clothes hanger?
Does the wire have memory, ie, is it hard to straighten?
Does this wire holds its shape? I need 1mm wire to make pushrods for my rc plane.
What is the product weight? Amazon lists 1.6oz, but I compute 4oz by density.
Does this wire holds its shape? I need 1mm or .037in wire to make pushrods for my rc plane
Lets say i got this wire and hung 500 pounds off of it would it hold?
how thick is it? Is it as thick as a Quarter or thicker?
Will this wire rust?
is this actual string for pianos?
Is this wire the same as used for forming fish hooks?
How bendable is this wire when comparing it to, lets say, a clothes hanger?
is it one for $169?
How can I plug in my ipod to these speakers?
what is bridge mean ?
How come in July these were 169.00 and now 179.00?
Are these powerd speakers? Could I just hook them up to my mixer board?
how many watts output and is it for both speakers?
Are these $169 each or for both?
is it come with cable ?
good for dj parties?
How do these speakers handle good quality non vibrating BASS?
can you use the usb to listen to the record from the computer speakers. I have a HP.
where can i purchase a replacement stylus-needle?
I purchased this turntable quite a while back and have managed to lose the counterweight off of the back. Anywhere I can buy just that?
Does it come with a stylus?
Does this turntable stop turning automatically after the record is over?
Does it have 6 steel strings?
Does amazon ship this with a gig bag?
What is the length of the guitar from bottom of body to top of the headstock, and is the size comparable to a guitalele?
How wide is the fret board just below the nut? I would like a small acoustic guitar because my full size feels so big and cumbersome now.
Is there a way to attach a strap to this guitar? Thanks.
Is this made by Washburn?
Is this for left handed children?
Can you attach a guitar strap to this guitar?
Does the guitar have steel or nylon strings?
Does this mandolin sound loud and good without being plugged in or does it have to be plugged in to sound good?
do i need to plug it in to a speaker to practice at home or use it in places like nursing homes where limited access to a plug, i am a beginner
This Mandolin come with a hard case? or at least with any case? If not, which hard case would you recommend to buy for this instrument?
Is the color of the fish and logo a dark grey like in the photo? Or is the logo gold like in other photos I've seen?
does it need to be set up or is that already done?
why a battery? Does it have to be electric????
Does this have the MiSi as advertized ?
Is this by Washburn? It looks like it but I can't tell.
Are the dimensions listed correctly for a tenor uke; shouldn't it be like 26 to 27 inches long. &amp; wider? also is the 0u2P suppose to be ou2 T. Thanks
Do you receive the uke in the picture (guitar shape) or the pineapple-shaped one? On OS website, OU2P is the "pineapple" model, which I don't want!
What type of strings come with this tenor uke?
Does it come with a gig bag?
If it's a Tenor Uke, the length is supposed to be 26', but in the "Product Dimensions" it says 23 inch which is the size of Concert.Can you explain?
Should I get this OU2T tenor or the Cordoba 15CM concert?
Does the neck have a truss rod?
Is this a "round-neck" resonator?
Case do you come?
does this come with a case ?
In addition to my earlier question, are there any additional items like a carrying bag, tuner etc that come with this guitar?
Can a strap be attached?
Are all the strings plastic or do they have steel strings?
What are the dimensions?
does this item come with a carrying strap
I have an old autoharp with 24 strings. Does it fit in this case?
specific size?
could somebody shout out the exact inside dimensions of this tenor case. I have fender tenor uke at 27.5 length, 9 at the bottom and 3.5 deep ?
anyone know the inside measurements or will a yamaha guitalele fit it?
I have a Cordoba Tenor Uke. Does anyone know if it will fit in this case? Amazon doesn't have a hard case by Cordoba so I'm looking for a replacement
ou4: does this case fit the oscar schmidt ou4 tenor uke?
OU28T 8-string. I think it will fit in this case but my concern is the length of the headstock. If you search it on here you'll see. Help please!
I have a 8 string tenor ukulele will it fit in this case?
How long is it (in inches)
Does it come with steel strings?
can anyone tell me how this guitar perform against a Jasmine or Fender? Is it compareable?
Do you think it will work for my 12.75 year old daughter?
Does this come with a case? If not which case fits it properly?
Can a strap be added to this guitar?
Where are they made
what is a bajo quinto?
Where can I get micas for this?
What strings do you all recommend for corridos genre music?
replacing endpost bajo quinto guitar strings with endloop strings. cannot figure this out; in the sense where does the loop go re bridge
are the strings steel or nylon and how are they tuned
At its lowest adjustment, how high is the top of the stand?
Is the book plate made of ferrous metal ? In other words can I use magnets to hold sheets still on it ?
Will it hold a 5 lb song book?
Can you use "slide-outs" aka "stand-outs" (Holder extenders for 4-5 pgs of music) on this stand? (I know they fit Manhasset)
The pouches and wheels look different in this picture than they do on the Kaces web page. Are the two pouch compartments the same size or different?
Can a Korg 88 key keyboard SP250 fit into the slim bag?
does it have a shoulder strap?
Will this fit the Yamaha P-255 Contemporary Digital Piano well?
The dimensions at the top of the page say 54 X 14.5 X 5.25, but under Product Details it says 11.2 x 18.5 x 32 inches. Which one is it?
Will a Yamaha P-105 fit? The store is recommending this but when I look at the dimention, I am not sure it will fit. THANKS!!!
Is this sturdy enough for flying? I will be spending sometime in another state, and I want to take my keyboard with me. I don't do gigs. Thanks!!
Is this strap lock and the Schaller interchangeable? If I have Schaller locks on my strap will they work with the Fender button and visa versa? Thanks
How do I install on a Guitar that has not previously had strap buttons? It didn't come w/directions.
Will these work on an acoustic?
Will these fit an early 90's American Tele without the need to change the strap buttons that came on the guitar?
how many receivers and transmiters does the system come with? do you have it in stock?
Does this have a base you can plug into a sound board? Or is it just from the single transmitter to the 6 receivers?
Can I buy several extra receiver and storage back when I buy this item? And is it recharged?
hello, is the rechargebale case include in the offer? what is the addistional cost?
Product Description here says the Anchor Audio Tour-60 system includes "4 AL-WB belt pack receivers". Anchor's website and B&amp;H say 6. Which is it?
I have a mixed octet gospel singers, I see coments about instuments, but what about vocals.
I travel to countries with 220-240 volt power. Can you please tell me the voltage that the Bose L1 compact runs off? 110 only, or switchable to 240?
Can the tone match 1 be used with the L1 compact
can you ship to HOngKong? if so, how much will it be the shiping cost?
can I hook up my karaoke system?
What is the voltage for this unit? 220 or 110 v
Does it have inputs for two acoustic guitars and two vocal mics?
What Is The Max Output Wattage
hast send to colombia??
Does this come with the microphone or do I have to buy that separately?
Does its setup library contains the QSC K10 speakers? If not, how to include them?
Can I hook up this DBX driverack to Anchor Beacon line array speaker?
does this work with powered boxes
Were it is located this item? It is in USA?
Have high resolution neutral home system. Just need to split 2.0 full range signal to crossovered 2.1 speaker/amp set up. Is this the right tool?
Is this a Driverack PA2 or a Driverack PA+? The description shows a PA2 and the picture is a PA+
i use a bbe sonic maximizer, if i purchase a driverack would i still need the maximizer or does the driverack do the same thing?
Is this powered by 110VAC or 220VAC.....I am located in the middle east where we are using 220VAC..thanks
Is this the DriveRack PA+ or the new DriveRack PA2?
Can the delay and chorus/vibrato be used independently; only delay or only chorus/vibrato?
Does the AC adapter come with this or do you need to buy that separately? Will it take a standard 9V like for a Boss pedal or a 1-spot?
So 550ms is the longest the delay can get?
Can each effect be used separately?
Can this work on both balanced and unbalanced signals? I want to know if I could use it on balanced mic signals.
does it have built in speakers?
Can the SL mkII be used without Automap at all? I use Digital Performer and was wondering if I could assign controllers without using Automap.
I am new to midi controller. I want to use it in place of an electronic keyboard. Could somebody show me a site that shows how? I need to know this information before buying the midi controller.
Will the software let me go old-school and put notes on a music staff for the keyboard to play? Can I print sheet music that I create?
Hi, I'm looking to buy a 61key but I need to bring it back from the US to another country on a plane. What hard case do you recommend me to buy? Thank
This this keyboard has polyphonic aftertouch? Where each individual key is sensitive to aftertouch? Or is it channel aftertouch?
need midi controler recommendation: what do u recommend?
Is there a better replacement headset or a compatible unidirectional mic that does not pick up all the surrounding instrumentation?
What is the difference between all the frequencies? N1 to N4? I just need to use as a fitness instructor. Also, Does this system hook up to speakers?
I have a two channel system... where can I buy another transmitter (N2) and a cable replacement for the SE10T Earset Headset??
What size battery does it take on the body pack?
Can I use multiple headsets/transmitters simultaneously with this system?
Is there a better replacement headset or a compatible unidirectional mic that does not pick up all the surrounding instrumentation?
What is the difference between all the frequencies? N1 to N4? I just need to use as a fitness instructor. Also, Does this system hook up to speakers?
I have a two channel system... where can I buy another transmitter (N2) and a cable replacement for the SE10T Earset Headset??
What size battery does it take on the body pack?
Can I use multiple headsets/transmitters simultaneously with this system?
Is there a better replacement headset or a compatible unidirectional mic that does not pick up all the surrounding instrumentation?
What is the difference between all the frequencies? N1 to N4? I just need to use as a fitness instructor. Also, Does this system hook up to speakers?
I have a two channel system... where can I buy another transmitter (N2) and a cable replacement for the SE10T Earset Headset??
What size battery does it take on the body pack?
Can I use multiple headsets/transmitters simultaneously with this system?
What happens if u plug direct to speakers
What kind of speakers do I use?
Would this be compatible with an ION karaoke machine that requires a "quarter inch output adapter" (accd to the manufacturer).
I a fitness instructor. I am just wondering if the transmitter being mounted in the headset be in the way when you lay on the floor for abs work?
What is the diffrence between Channel N3 and Channel N4
What else do i need to make this work? i teach fitness classes outdoors - i play my music on a sony personal audio system. will this work with that?
I am operating my wireless system through SONOS which frequency do I need... N1, N2, N3, or N4?
can you get two headsets and one reciver? how much $$?
I use a wireless sound system SONOS in my fitness studio. Can I add this mic system using a LINE IN to a completely different speaker? what speaker?
Can I add a hand microphone to this unit?
is the headset adjustable to fit different sizes of heads?
I'm planning to use this with a wireless speaker (Laptop's music connected via bluetooth). Will there be interferance with bluetooth and the headset?
how do I know which frequency I need? I teach dance and my students need to hear me when the music's on (separate system)
Is the voice headset really different than the fitness headset? The fitness one costs $50 more
Does this take AAA Batteries or AA Batteries?
What does the Channel number mean??
How did you know what channel to purchase?
What is the warranty on the Sampson Airline 77 Headset?
This product is listed with N1, N2, N3 and N4 at the end of the description. What does that signify? Thanks
Can I connect it to both my guitar and my stereo and play along with recorded music hearing me and the record thru headphones?
Is this better than the line6 pod or similar-ish?
Are any of the effects stereo? I had a V-Amp 1. Korg Pandora PX4D reverb, delay, chorus are stereo. Nice for headphone practice.
Dear Friends of Amazon When I received the V-Amp I hear a noise inside the device,a technician found a Lithium battery&iquest;What is the use of that battery in the v amp?
Can this be used with iPads? Do you need a PC? Or can you use it direct with just headphones.?
How can I stop the echo effect? It is on all banks and every preset. I would really love to have it gone.
How can I stop the echo effect? It is on all banks and every preset. I would really love to have it gone.
Can I connect to 220 V? for europe or what I need for use it in Europe to 220 V?
Anyone have experience using this with any XENYX board models, as it is recommended in the XENYX Q1202 USB Manual for running guitars?
Play guitar through laptop? Is there a good product on Amazon to play guitar through a laptop?
Does the Europort EPA900 come with two stands for the speakers.
I want to use this for a 2-3 man band, anyone have experience with that? (2 vocals, 2 guitars and maybe bass) help??
What is its weight? Not shipping weight but carry to the gig weight?
has anyone figured an easy way to hook up monitors for this system
Does the fog created smell bad or overwhelming?
Mine broke after a year. Fuses all good, fluid good, just won't do anything . Any ideas before I have to buy a new unit?
How long does one tank last if it were run intermittently say once every 10 minutes for a minute each time? I'm thinking of putting it on a billboard
My 1300 stopped working after 2 years. Fuse is good and power light is on but I get nothing (no sound). It won't work with manual switch w/o remote
I'm trying to figure out if my Paul C Buff Vagabond power supply would power this. Does anyone know how many amps are required to run this?
Does it produce low lying fog like you would get with a chiller box?
If i were to use this unit in a large university lecture hall, would it set off the smoke alarms?
Is this machine portable, say i wanted to take it to the woods or do I need a power source ?
will this fogger fill a large football tunnel
Can you mixregular fog fluid with low density fog fluid?
does this drum set come with a drum throne and sticks? Also can I plug in my mp3 player to play along with it?
Do I need to have an amp in order to hear the drums? or does it have a built in speaker? Im not sure if I should purchase an amp, I have headphones. Also if I plug in my headphones can I run my mp3 through the system at the same time, so I can hear the...
How many cymbals does it have? How much does it exactly weights? I want to know if I could fix this package into my travel bag!
Can Addtional pads and pedals be added to the base setup? I would like to add a pedal (for double bass) and potentially additional tom/s.
This is a stupid question, but why is it "Five-Piece" when I see at least 8 pieces in the picture?
will theses PLay ON PS3?
How do I buy a replacement snare drum pad?
Can you add an extra crash pad in order to have, hi hats, 2 crashes and a ride?
would you recommend this kit or the Simmons SD5X for a 12 year old beginner I went to Guitar Center and they said Simmons is better info appreciated
Would you recommend this for adults or is it too small?
can you directly plug in an ipod to it with the right aux cord
too much hiss,how can i eliminate the hiss
Can you get a wireless mic to work with this speaker?
is it a necessity to purchase a pair or does one get the job done
what are powered speakers?
How can I connect these to my av receiver
What cables/cords are needed to hook this speaker to a sound board/ mixer that has red and white Y audio inputs? Please only answer if you know!
Unit stop playing Recplace 6.3A fuse only sound heard is that like a heart beat what could be the issue
i bought a pair,the problem is that this speakers make too much noise, im using a cd mixer numark to play this speakers, can someone tell me how to fi
I am really worried, would two of B212D speaker work well with Mackie Pro fx12 mixer?
is this a good choice for a small rehearsal studio?i plan to use 3 of them as floor monitors instead of pa system.
could i hook these speaker to my laptop?
What is the dB from 1 meter of this speaker?
Can I plug this speaker to my TV directly?
Can this be daisy-chained to the Behringer eurolive B205D?
what's the speaker inch on this speaker
Do I need an amp with these speakers or does it have a built in amp?
I'm splitting a 3.5 audio cable from a HDMI adapter. Can I connect directly to these speakers?
I am wanting to use these speakers when we set up our outdoor movie screen. What cord(s) do I need to run sound from the speakers to a DVD player?
How do I connect my Numark IDJ3 to these Speakers?
stick to a satin finish?
Would it work on a nylon stringed guitar?
Does this make noise when off the guitar? I just purchased and it is not making any noise when attached to my guitar or when I tap the transducer part
Does this work with Rocksmith?
Would this work for a violin?
How does it stick to the instrument? I have a South Indian Instrument and it does not have a hole. Does thi pack come with a 'Adhesive'?
Is it tuneable? Can you adjust the pitch?
Is the xylophone attached to the case ?
Are the keys wooden?
Are the keys marked? You can't tell from the pictures.
does the wand come with it?
Is there a song book? If not does this company make one that would work that can be purchased separately?
Are the keys removable?
can this mic get the sound when it is not close to your mounth
I have a SHURE 93 lav mic with a female mini XLR 3 pin (4 if you count the one in the center). Is there an adapter so I can use my SHURE lav on this?
What frequency range does this system run on? (mHz)?
I want to use three transmitters with a receiver to record the wedding offical and the bride &amp; groom. Can I do so with this product?
does it need a receiver
I live in Michigan and I have no idea which one of these to buy. A, B or G band?
Does the receiver come with a hot shoe mount for mounting on a DSLR camera?
when monitoring through the receiver is it supposed to be in mono or stereo? mine are coming through in mono. Can anyone help?
What's the battery life?
Need to use 6 of these units at the same time in a 1200 square foot space. Will there be interference?
I want to wear one of these around my 3-bedroom house with receiver in a room on one side of house. Will reception be good enough to penetrate walls?
Is the microphone included?
Im also considering recording in two devices on a zoom recorder and wirelessly using this system connected to my dslr. will that work?
can I connect rhode mic to this system?
Has anyone ever plugged this into a TASCAM to record the sound there?
This compared to the 112 model: should I save a couple hundred bucks or buy this one?
I live in Canada, BC, Richmond. I want to know which frequency band width will work best with me. Please help and thanks!
How would this hook up to my Sony HXR-NX5U Digital Camcorder? Thank you!
does this have two wireless mics? and can I connect it to my zoom h4n at the same time as a boom mic?
what is the SKP 100 G3 plug-on transmitter used for?
What's the difference between this and the 112 here? why is this ew100 set more expensive? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b00b...
is this a receiver also
What is the actual difference between G3-A, G3-B, and G3-G?
do any of these devices plug into a mixer and I assume one or both of the body packs can use a lavaliere?
Does this kit come with a shoe mount adapter (CA2 Shoe Mount Adapter)?
I accidentally ended up with 2 "B" sets. Should I return one, or will they work ok on different frequencies?
What all comes in the box?
I'm trying to save $ - So can anyone help me with how the "Canon Wireless Microphone WM-V1" would compare, to this Sennheiser? HUGE PRICE DIFFERENCE!!
It says it's not required to get a license by the FCC, but is it still recommended to get one nonetheless?
Does this come with the Lavalier ME-2 microphone?
Are these ready to use XLR (and are XLR cables part of the package) , and if I buy two of these will I be able to mic two actors ?
Are two transmitters included ?
What type of battery does it use?
can this mic works with "C2G / Cables to Go Audio Unlimited Premium 900MHz Wireless Indoor/Outdoor 2 Speaker System "
Can you plug this into a computer mic input?
If I have three units running in close range of one another will they interfere with one another? (Three cameras and Three microphones and receivers.)
What do I need to buy in addition to use this with an iphone 5?
Compatible with iPhone 4S? Does anyone have experience using this product for capturing audio on an iPhone 4S?
Will this work with a Sony HDR-CX430V HD Camcorder?
I have a JVC everio GZ-HM650BU camcorder. Will this mic work with it?
how can this work with GOPRO? Can the reciever be plugged into the GOPRO?
canon 60d compatible?
What are the actual dimensions of this item? I see it's 5 lights, but what is the thickness, depth, and length?
How many of these can you run off of one wire coming from the battery.
Will I be able to run hot/ground to this, to have it come on when a button is released? (I need a glovebox light)
Is there an adapter for a wall outlet? If not, how can I make it comparable?
When you order is does it come with one or two?
is it waterproof
would you use this product on a car
does it come with anything like adhesive tape or velcro?
How do I connect this to a power supply in a computer?
do you need a controller to be able to use them?
How many analog inputs this have? I dont understand how it says 16 ch in. i see in the picture less. Thanks in advance.
With this device, I can record BUT I can't hear hear myself on my headphones while recording... Is this something you have experienced?
The specs don't say anything about having phantom power but it looks like there is a switch on the front for it. Ca nanyone confirm this?
is the Saffire Pro 24 powered by firewire from laptop or does it need to have the power adapter as well?
is this new version or model from Yamaha SPX2000 24 Bit 96kHz Digital Multi Effects Processor ? and what is the diffrence also can i use effect
When you plug in headphones does it mute the monitor output automatically?
1) Does this have balanced out-puts? 2) Is there any speaker hum / glitchy noise / ground feedback / hard drive or mouse noise with this device?
I want to use these in a bar that is about 25ft X 25ft. for karaoke and DJ dance music. Is it enough speaker to fill that space?
I know I shouldn't ask this, but does it come with the cable to interconnect the two speakers?
What' the best speaker cable to use with VocoPro Powered Vocal Speakers, when connecting to a mixer.
What are the dimensions of these speakers? Do they include an adapter to mount on a tripod stand pole?
Do you know the size and type of screws for the speaker mount that is included? I lost mine :(
How many 1 os 2?
I live in CA. Shall I get G3-A or B or G? I am using it in my media room for Karaoke singing
is this a condenser mic? i am using it for karaoke singing, do I need to buy the ew165?
What is the difference between the G3-B and G3-A models
Are manufactured in China? Are manufactured in Germany?
I just purchased the Sennheiser Ew135 G3 B-US wireless mic system from amazon, I will like to know does this device use 120v or 220-240v power supply
is this a good mic for rock singing?
Where is this made? And is there a cordless version of the e835 or 945 that is made in Germany?
Can this product be used with a 220v voltage? If not, is there a voltage converter available?
How many mics can I handle with this receiver?
Do you have to buy an external antennae? I do not see any antennae in the pictures?
what's the difference between colors?
Is the transmitter all metal
Can I purchase a warrantly with the ew135
I need 4 of these on stage together. Should I buy different freq bands (A,B,G,etc) or is it ok to have all A band mics on stage at same time?
I have a Snarling Dogs wah wah pedal, it's 10 &frac12; ", is there enough length to fit that on this board?
Many boards use velcro to hold pedals firmly in place, is there a way to get a real snug fit, so the pedals won't budge? Is the foam cut out enough?
does this come with the pedals shown in the photo?
I have a few pedals that are not 2.5 x 4.5 inches. One is smaller and one is larger. Would I have to cut out into the padding and is that difficult?
Does this power board come with the 5 patch cords?
Can this be used in Europe and Norway? We have 220/240 Volts over here.
Does the pedal board have built in interference filter? or would i have to get a multi plug with a filter?
Anyone know how to stop loud buzzing? I have to run the cord directly to/from the amp/guitar rather than the board when using dist. pedal due to buzz
Does it come with cables to connect the pedals to each other? If not, do any right angle 0.5 cables fit? (considering Planet Waves 3pack)
Can I use this to power a Digitech DL-8 (power output on adapter says 9.6 V/300 mA) and ALSO power 2 Dunlop MXR pedals (power output says 9V, 0.67 A)?
How long does one cushion last and does it leave a film or stickiness on the mouthpiece when removed?
Are these for tenor sax?
Will this fit a Beechler Diamond mouthpiece?
Toothguards were recommended for my daughter's clarinet. Now which ones to get? Are the thick black ones too thick and these are better??
What is the material is the cushion made of? And the adhesive?
can i fit an S4 Traktor and a 17 inches mac ?
Will this fit the Machine Studio and a Macbook Pro
Will this fit the Rane 64 mixer?
Does this bag holds the Vestax VCI-380?
What are the dimensions of this item?
Will this mic work with a Nady bodypack transmitter? Which mics will work with a Nady transmitter?
Does this work with an Android device like tablets and smartphones. I will be using it with the Dragon software.
Does this work with Apple? I can't see the answer here.
is this good for a rock band? I'm a guitar player who sings so is this good for me?
I am planning on using this mic with a Sennheiser transmitter as a wireless mic. I assume that the screw-in plug will fit Sennheiser equipment.
How long is the cord?
mic for voice recognition/dictation: That might be fine for some uses, but is there a different option for my needs that would still produce reliable quality?
does the headset have noise canceling? e.g. for on an airplane? how does the noise canceling function compare to other headsets without a mike?
What are the dimensions of the stand when completely folded up, specifically its length? What are the bag's dimensions?
I have arthritis and can't do screws very well. What are these? If levers, are they easier than screws for arthritic hands?
What does it weigh?
I just want to check, the color of this stand is black as shown on the picture, right?
How deep is the edge on which the music book sits? I have a three-inch 3-ring binder that must sit on the stand.
is height measured to the bottom of the stand or to the top of the stand?
Does the UFO202 have RIAA compensation in the pre amps circuitry for the turntable?
Can I record direct from a magnetic cartridge to my computer?
Can I use this to adapt my old Pioneer PL530 that uses RCA cables to my new RCA home theatre system that uses USB conections?
Can this be used without a computer if I plug it into a USB charger? I'd like to use it as a phono preamp with my stereo as sometimes.
I tried to use this as a pre-amp by plugging the USB into a 1.0A 5.0V usb wall charger, which does not work. Is there a way to do this properly?
Can UFO202 be used to record FM stereo?
UFO202 is fine. Does anyone have extensive knowledge about Audacity?
How long is the USB cable and it appears attached to the device, right?
I know this is old fashioned, but can I hook up a boombox to the Behringer Audio Interface somehow - without the cables pictured? Thanks.
Will this work with Windows 8?
what elsa would go good with this?
I'm looking for an amp that will help me to learn to play the blues. Would this be a good option to get BB King type tones please?
Can i stream music from smartphone or PC via cable to this unit?
This 5 watt version costs more than the 15 watt version - is that because it's purely tube driven?
Will this amp play clean at a fairly high volume? Tried a Blackstar HT-1. Would not play loud clean!
Is this purely tube driven, compared to the Bugera BC15?
Does anyone know how to replace a burned out light bulb for the power light (pilot light)?
Which speaker does this amp come with? Bugera or Turbosound?
Are the newer ones with the orange light the infinium series? it would say in the back upper left corner of the amp like in picture 2.
which color power light is getting shipped with the amps most recently, I got blue on 10/22/11 and want to buy another, photos show orange/gold too
can this be run into my mixer for recording? if so does it cut the speaker sound, cause I want it to do that for home recording purposes.
Thinking about this amp for STUDIO use only. I'm torn between this OR the Orange Crush CR60C . I realize that the Orange is solid state. Opinions?
I own one of these ,any one used it to 4 and or played jazz with theirs and what is (Y H O) on it 4 jazz and like?
I used mine 4 jazz has anyone else(and what do think any opinions?)?
is this the amber light or the older blue light model?
Is the footswitch included with this amp? Would you buy this amp over say a Fender Blues Junior or Blues Deluxe.
to me the amp and sound is worth the price of a mesa or price like of mesa (does any one agree ?) I say all day I could be pushing it or b wrong
Is this the V22 infinium, the V22 infinium is the same price but out of stock
wich tubes would you recommend me to have as backup? i m planning to buy lots so i dont have to worry in a future
The pictures of the speaker shows two different types of speakers, what is Turbosound and is this the speaker that currently comes with the amp?
Can it hook into an iPad and iPhone?
Can I use this to record videos on an Ipad?
How would you guys rate this Mic for use on video-short films &amp; documentaries? And is it a balanced Mic?
What about the supply adaptor? Does it come with the US 110 V or the standard European 230 V AC plug?
off switch
I have a Macbook Air 2011 with Thunderbolt port, does this come with Firewire cable or I need to buy one ( plus the Thunderbolt to Firewire ) ?
good evening. I'm in Jersey City. If I order todaydo u believe that it is possible to get the product until Friday? I'm going back to Brazil on Sunday
Will this work using the spdif i/o alone (not connected through firewire)? I mean, if all I cared about was getting a stereo signal in or out.
Is this Pro Tools 11 AND Mac 10.9+ compatible on a 2.5GHz Core i5 iMac?
do I need to buy the firewire cable with this ? also do it has a 12 v 220 v adapter comes with I do not use 110v
Does it come with Pro Tools?
How can this interface have 16 inputs when there are only 4 physical inputs on the interface? I saw something about digital inputs. Explain? (Noob)
whats the difference between of dsp and regular? dsp seems to be cheaper
can these lights be used without the sound activation or color chasing programs? I'm looking for a light to just shine constant color. Is this the one????
what is a chain ?
could these light be use for a fashion show runway?
Does This Work With The Obey 3 Light controller
Do these lights have the "Edison" style output plug, or do they come with the short European adapter cord? I need the standard U.S. plug.
Can you choose a set color, or combination of colors and operate them with a controller from a seat a few feet - or ten feet away? -- I;m doing a smal
How is the clean tone?
Can this amp run on both 110V and 240V? I shuttle between 2 countries. thanks!
Is it possible with the Line 6 Spider IV 15 15-watt (or higher model) to get a clean jazzy sound using a strat or tele type guitar?
How many electric guitars can you plug into this amp?
Is this good for intermidiate players, or is it more for beginers? Also, does it have a better sound than a squier champ 15 amp
Does this model have artists pre-sets or do you have to buy the more expensive version to get those?
How does this amplifier sounds? Good? I saw bad comments about it. Like it sound really cheap and etc
Does this amp works with any electric guitar or not?
Should I buy a $10 2 year warranty for this?
How long will it take to ship?
Will it work great with the line 6 spider jam amp
Can i combine this with an epression pedal? For example, having wah wah in the floorboard and volume control in the expression pedal?
will i have to buy a usb cable to connect it to my computer or is one supplied with the floor board?
Can I use this with other pedals?
Will this also work with a Peavey amp or only Line 6? My daughter has several amps and needs something to work with all of them. Thanks for your help!
can I connect my 16 foot pedals to this and toggle thru all 16 effects pedals? including tape echo?
according to the compatability chart it says this is not good for the line 6 spider IV... is that true or not
The compatibility chart on the Line 6 site says that this pedal works with the Spider III series. I have a Spider III 30, will it work?
I am primarily interested in getting this to control the looper in my SpiderJam amp. Can anyone comment on its ease of use/effectivness?
does it have a jack for a microphone?
I want the features, but not the wattage. How does this amp sound at low volume?
Does the power supply input support 50-60 Hz and 100-240V, or is it limited to 60Hz at 120V? i.e. Can I use it in Europe?
I was looking at a friends Spider IV combo. The LCD display would go dark shortly after choosing a patch. Normal, not normal?
seems that my Headphone Out jack is only in MONO, so Im only getting left channel from my Headphones !? anyone getting Stereo out ?!
Can this am be quiet enough for bedroom level volume with just the master volume control?
does it have a microphone jack please a simple yes or no
Line 6 Spider IV 75 VS Orange Crush CR60C for rehearsal and gigging (METAL) what do you think?
Can't decide which one to get for metal band practice this or Orange Pix CR35LDX? And what is the voltage of this amp? I need 220 V
Is it good for band? Can it be as loud as drums?
does this foot controller work fine with the line 6 spider iii amp?
Will this work with the Line 6 Spider IV HD150 MKII Guitar Amplifier Head.? Or do I need the bigger short board.
I hooked up some ethernet cable I had around the house and it didn't work...is the RJ-45 some other ethernet cable I am not using?
I'm looking to get this for my SpiderJam. I really want it for the "hands-free" looper option. Has anyone used it for this purpose? Ease of use?
I am new to foot controllers - can I use this as a stand alone to switch between distortion / wah / reverb / etc?
Does it work as a volume pedal also?
is this item equipped with all necessary gear ?box,manual,rj-45 cable,power supply,etc.
will this work with spider jam
Can I use the tuner and still get the sound coming from my guitar or does the tuner silence it?
Does it work with the Line 6 Amplifi 75?
I'm wondering about a warranty longer than 30 days? Is there a 1 year that may come standard with the instrument?
What is Springdale Music`s warranty on the LB210? Also, do you setup and adjust the clarinet before shipping?
Does this model listed have silver keys or the black nickel keys? Many of the reviews talk about black nickel keys.
Are these wooden clarinet? Thank you.
What is the difference is this B210 and the current production new ones?
Will this let you know when the batteries are running low? Does it have a way to mount to tripods or stands? And does it work for the Rode NTG3?
can this connect directly into a computer?
Does this have a stereo 3.5mm output so that I can connect it to my video camera mic port?
How long does it power a mic for off a full charge?
Does this work with other condenser mikes such as MXL 993?
What are xlr outputs
Can a tape deck be connected through RCA type jacks so you can record your voice on tape
Does this phantom power have 2 XLR outputs?
hi, does the PSU work only for US voltage?
Can it phantom power two stereo microphones? Or is it designed for the input of two mono mics?
Does this unit have dual power source (110/220 Volts? Thanks. NANA
Will this be able to use a cordless microphone?
does it ship to New Zealand? if it does, how much would that be for? thanks :D
i have two speakers 500 watts each,can i use gemini model cdmp6000 cd/mp3/usb player with it/ and please how much amp watts do ineed for this speaker
Is this item sold with speakers?
Will this improve the sound of the bass in anyway or is it just a cosmetic enhance?
Would this fit my Squire Affinity Jazz Bass?
Will this work on a Fender Jazz bass (fretless) - thanks?
Anyone know if this one or the 001-0116-170 covers fit the Squier Vintage SS Modified Jaguar Bass?
This product is also for 5 string jazz bass?
can any of you preview your next songs because i can't and the company tells you to do this and buy this nothing
shipping: hello, is it possible to ship it to Tbilisi Georgia?
Is it that big
pcdj red mobile: will this controller work with pcdj red mobile ?
Can this plug into the microphone outlet of a camera, specifically a t3i?
can i use the mic on a voice recorder?
Does the microphone come with both the smaller and larger input devices?
Is this a good mic recording for recording music? I write my own music and I need it to be good quality to record.
I don't know much about computers or audio equipment. Is this microphone something that I can plug into a standard PC and use with Rosetta Stone?
Does the microphone work on a dvd home theater sound system? If yes, how do you make it work?
Will this work with an iPhone 6?
will it plug into audio on tv for karasongs through my laptop?
Can I plug it into an audio jack on a transmitter that is wireless to the speakers.
Does this mic work with Canon Vixia R52 camcorder?
Can I use another cable like a 3.55 mm or usb for this microphone to use on the computer ?
What splitter to use with this, so one can feed to my recorder and the other can output to the DJ speakers ?
is this good for just talking
I have pretty noisy air condition in my room. Will this mic pick only my voice, so nobody will hear this terrible noise?
May I connect the microphone using a 3.5 mm adapter to my Canon Camcorder, or do I need an amplifier?. does it have a good volumen when recording?
Can i plug this microphone into a audio interface? I'm going to get one and it has two input holes, do i need to buy a cable?
To be able to use it on a laptop with a 3.5 mm jack, will it work? Or would I need to purchase anything for it?
Do i have to plug it into something? Can i just use it (with sound) just by turning it on and off? or does it have to plug into something?
Will this work in the microphone jack of a Sony handycam, as well as for doing interviews?
can this work wireless? need one I can walk around with.
Using GA-1 to tune 3/4 scale guitar - help! How exactly do I use this tuner in order to properly tune his guitar?
Cam this be used to tune an acoustic 12 string guitar?
does this tuner tune 1/2 a step down?
Will this tune a junior (half-size) acoustic guitar?
Can this tune an acoustic bass as well as an electric?
What's the difference btw GA-1 and GA-40? Will be used 85% on electric with bypass, 15% acoustic with mic. Is one better or are they the same?
Is this device compatible with Adobe Audition? Thanks.
Does R16 supply phantom power to all 8 channels?
I have seen several references to the quality of the preamps. Assuming a good mic, will the quality be noticeable worse than a dedicated preamp?
Is the reverb effect on this little guy good? Also is there multiple reverb settings(for example: "Hall, small room, Cave")?
Will the R16 work as a DAW with Mac OS X Mavericks? Web research of some posts say that it doesn't. Even more concern with OS X Yosemite coming up.
This records 8 tracks simultaneously, fine. But does it permit recording to a single track at a time?
Re-discovered analog synthesizers. Want to start recording, but sons wonder why I want to bother with any source outside of computer software. So why?
How is the signal to noise ratio of the unit itself (if the input is super clean...is there any added hiss from the electronics from this unit)?
can you plug an mp3 player instrumental and record a vocal at the same time on two different tracks and then combine them?
What is the best way to record with 8 separate condenser mics? Do I need to buy an 8-mic preamp? Or is there another device?
Can the violin be played without being plugged into anything?
What kind of bow comes with this violin? How is the quality of the bow?
Is the back of the violin one piece?
Is the back of the violin one piece?
Is this violin good for a first violin? im just looking for something to mess around with and sound good. im not trying to practice for any crazy hard recitals, just a few gigs here and there with my friends.
What country was this violin made in?
I want an acoustic violin. Does this one sound like a pure acoustic violin? How do I play it as acoustic? I'm new to this.
can you use head phones with this violen so no one else will be able to hear me play it?
What is the violin made of? Is it plywood like another review suggested?
I am very sensitive to high pitches and tones. I'm looking for warm low mellow strings. Which set of strings (type and gauge) do you recommend?
what gauge are these strings?
Would a light medium gauge FX string be the best FX string for a Martin OO model?
I'm trying to figure out whether this is an analog pedal or a digital pedal?
How does this compare to an actual '63 reverb outboard unit?
I did not see to add a note to the cargo. i informed the hotel reception. can you add a note to shipping company?
i want to ask something.if you send to my hotel address, can i take it from hotel reception? maybe i will not be there during the day
The power supply connection is not marked with + and - Which is plus+ and which is minus- ?
If I order this to ship to Portugal / Azores, does it come with a 220v transformer?
If I order this to ship to Portugal / Azores, does it come with a 220v power supply?
Can the FX level like reverb, be adjusted for individual channels, or only the recording out channel?
Is there ans USB port to connect to the notebook and record the sessions?
The description says "Bass players will be amazed how good they sound direct".Does it mean that I can connect a bass guitar without an amp in between?
Does the Jamhub have a hole in the bottom for a mount (like on a tripod)?
warranty
DOES THIS UNIT COME WITH DUAL MIC. CONTROLS
I have this unit and I do not have a power cord. I have many cords collected over the years and want to see if one will work. I know it is 12V, but what are the Amp requirements for this units cord?
I plan to buy this machine to send to relatives living abroad, and their voltage is 220 volts. Does it have a universal volt input or is it only 120 v
Can I use this software without any other logic software on my computer?
What versions does this exactly upgrade from? I got a new Macbook Pro and wanted to know if I can just buy this upgrade?
Can I use this upgrade for Logic Pro 8?
Can I upgrade from logic express 9 -the retail version?
Is this the Academic version and will I be able to do updates through Apple? I currently have a NFR version I can't update.
is this logic pro 9, im confused ?
voice
Can I uninstall this software for my iMac to install on my macPro?
Is this the full version not just the upgrade or academic? An if so, are the serial numbers clean?
2 questions I need answered before I buy. 1). will it work with OS 10.6.4? 2). It DOES come with serial no. Yes? Buy as soon as answered.
Does this version work on Mac OS 10.9.1 (Mavericks)? I know Logic Pro 9.1.8 works with Mavericks--is this Studio that version?
does this require internet to install? im deployed with only the slowest internet to use. im asking about the internet for a lot of softwares you are required to register it. I dont want to buy it and find out i have to wait to use it til i can...
How many licenses does this product come with?
Will this work on MacBook Pro with "RETINA DISPLAY"
hey guys! help me out!~~ is it logic pro 9 ??
Casio PX-130 or Yamaha YPG-535? So would either of these be a good choice for me?
If I don't buy the keyboard stand, where do we put the digital piano? If you don't buy a stand, where do you put the keyboard/piano?
Casio px-130 or Yamaha p85: who can give me some information as to the two digital piano?
Would you recommend this to an adult who has no musical training whatsoever but is motivated to learn?
can headphones be used with this
Can someone point me in the right direction? If I wanted to hook this up to my computer to record, what cables will I need?
is this fully weighted keyboard?
Does it have its own pre-programmed music that can play itself?
MIDI: Does this keyboard HAVE to be played through the computer?
Is it true that the touch is too light? Can anyone confirm whether this is the case?
why does my px 330 pick up radio signals
Is it compatible with the M-audio sp2 pedal?
How does this compare to the privia px-150?
Is this keyboard a true 120 polyphonic? I understand that some stereo units are actually 64 each channel.
Does this device work with WIndows 8.1?
Does this device work with Yosemite (Apple)?
I want to connect this to my Numark TT 1600 turntable so that I can convert my vinyl to digital directly into my destop iMac. But I don't see any USB connections? Or does it come with some sort of RCA to USB cable? thanks and I very much appreciate...
Can I use this to DJ with my laptop and hear what I'm going to play next (second deck)?
can this device work with numark mixtrack on windows 7
is it usb?
can it export midi files?
does it have all codes
If I buy used, will I face issues with previous product registrations?
is this case foldable? can it fit in a suitcase?
what are the inner and outer dimensios of this bag?
The text says it fits a standard bass. I don't know what that really is. What are the dimensions? Esp. the maximum neck width and overall length
Hey guys... Can I put inside the pocket one laptop 13' ?
Do these cases have the D rings for attaching a Tick?
can this be Wall Mounted ?
can this be Wall Mounted ?
Do they Come in pair or is it on l'y one
just bought this does anyone know if one can use CD-R cds for this machine??
Where can I buy another remote? We have lost the original one.
I see this has an auxillary input. I assume one can stream karaoke tracks from the internet using one's laptop?
can this machine play VCDs
what inputs?
doed this hook up to a tv for song lyrics?
How can i connect this machine to a Computer monitor? which cable should i use? thanks!
does this include mic?
WHERE CAN I GET AN OWNERS MANUAL FOR EMERSON GQ100 ?
I see this has an auxillary input. I assume one can stream karaoke tracks from the internet using one's laptop?
Was this guitar made in the USA?
It comes with only steel strings or it comes with other kind of strings?
Can I get it in trans black or grey?
What is the weight of the guitar but the amp?
The picture shows the cable for the amp, but the list doesn't mention it. Does the pack come with the cable or not?
I can't get the electric part to work--put in battery and when I turn on the 'Tuner' button it blinks green. But no sound through amp. Ideas?
Is this a good size for a 10 year old boy to start with?
manufactured in China or USA ?
how does the battery go in this guitar Fender FA-130 Acoustic-Electric but can... cannot get sound through amp
does it have a adustable rod in the neck
When will the item be available and shipped if I order today?
it says here its available and we're ready to ship out. Why hasnt it shipped yet?!
When will the item be available?
The version you are selling is the new one with the larger dividers in the main pocket?
Does it work on a 12-string guitar?
Is it accurate? (Has anyone actually tested it against another trusted tuner?)
Does this work well on a violin? Where does it attach to the instrument?
Where do I get replacement batteries?
How do I get the A-Ref button to bring the reading back down -- not keep going up?
Mine broke- how do i renew the warranty?
Does it work well on acoustic upright bass?
Does it work with ukeleles?
This has two XLR inputs. But when you record on a computer, will you get both inputs on separate tracks? I want to put two mics on one acoustic guitar
Can phantom power be switched off so I can use a dynamic mic?
I can't tell from pictures- though implied in description- can I plug my guitar amp into this as a standard 1/4" line? Or only XLR inputs?
Has anyone used the interface under linux (Debian, AVLinux, or Ubunto). Thinking of using as DSLR pre, but need an interface as well. What say you?
Can I use this for my guitar? I have an Ovation Celebrity acoustic/electric guitar.
A link on creating podcasts on my iPad sent me to this product.... Could someone tell me how this plugs into a 2013 lightning connection ipad? Thanks!
I use my iPad Air for filming (using multiple mics) and editing video. Can this replace my Zoom H4n?
Can this be used as a stand-alone mic preamp without usb to plug into line inputs on a live mixer?
Can I combine the 2 outputs using a 1/4" TS to 1/8" TRS Y adapter and feed the USB + input mix back to the PC line or mic in to record it?
Can I combine the 2 balanced outputs using a 1/4" TS to 1/8" TRS Y adapter to feed the USB + input mix back to the PC to record it?
How does it record and where can you view the recording?
User replaceable rechargeable battery for receiver ? Does the receiver have a user replaceable battery?
No service on screen
My uniden lulaboo 4.3 baby monitor won't stay charged..Has anyone else had this problem? If so can someone tell me the problem?
My uniden baby monitor won't stay charged..Has anyone else had this problem? If so can someone tell me the problem?
Why isn't a weatherproof 'Trail Video Camera', similar to this, made for hunting? Strap it to a tree, sit in a tree down the path and wait with the video monitor.
What is up with the low volume??? any fix to this?
volume
so can the viewer and monitor stay plugged in at all times if we dont need to move them around?
Is the camera wireless? I would like to place it in an area without an outlet.
Yamaha YPT-220 or Casio CTK-2100? Yamaha YPT-220 or Casio CTK-2100?
Is it compatible with Finale Songwriter 2012, FL Studio 10, and Reason 5?
What does "Touch Response: 2 types, Off " mean? What does "Touch Response: 2 types, Off " mean?
How do I make the headphone work? Can anyone tell me what I need to do to make it work?
Weighted keys: Are the keys weighted, semi-weighted or not weighted at all?
Does anyone know what stand works for WK-220. My teacher really thinks that the x stands are useless and i need a heavy stand like this cs-67. Thanks.
Will this stand work with the Privia PX320?
Can anyone tell me if this stand will fit a Roland E-09 keyboard. I am looking for a sturdy stand and have heard that the "x" stands are not very sturdy.
Will this stand work for the Casio WK-245?
I have a Casio CDP-100 88 key electric piano for my son. Will this stand fit?
How many inches is it from the floor to the bottom of the cross brace in the back?
Is the stand made of wood or metal? Thank you!
What are the dimensions of the stand? Can the stand fit into a smaller box? Anything over 62 inches (l+w+h) is $175 extra on overseas baggage. Thanks.
What kind of bench will be needed? My 5 year old need to use this and I am wondering if the height and reach to the pedals will work out OK?
Will this stand hold the WK-6500 keyboard?
what would be a good inexpensive windows XP application to use this mic with?
What is the diameter of the small end of the mic?
well this mic work with BSR EQ14/14XR? WHAT IS ITS IMPEDANCE?
How does this connect to a laptop? Do you need an SPL meter in order to calibrate this mic? Is there an android version of REW? I don't have a laptop
If I need a dedicated SPL measurement device for calibrating this mic, what's the point of it then? I just need to measure the sound lvl vs silence.
Is the calibration the same as offered by Cross Spectrum Acoustics?
It works for smaller percussion? What else do I need to use this product? Thank you.
Can I use this mic with a XLR to USB Cable?
I am sort of new at this, what else is needed for SPL measurement?
Does the receiver have two xlr outputs, one for each mic? Can it then be connected to a mixer using two short mic cables, one for each mic?
can the mics operate simultaneously
hello i purchased the item but travelling to Europe will i need to get a converter before using in 220v region?
Do I need speaker system in addition to this product? Can this sytem be used on it's own, or do I need a cable to plug it into our stereo system as well?
Do these have to have power from a mixer or can they plug into an amplier?
What powers the Microphone receiver?
i bought this one but what else do i need to get sound out?
I saw the other one with the two lapel mics and it had two XLR male plugs on it's back. Does this one?
Does it need two female XLR by 1/4" mono TRS plugs for each mic channel to plug into a Pa amp or should the 1/4" TRS male plugs be stereo?
I have a Peavey M100 sound system and I am looking for a wireless microphone. Will this unit connect to my sound system?
How is the base station powered? The Lavalier remote mics? It says 2 9-volt batteries for "test only."
Is the output on the receiver a mini jack? can it be plugged into a TASCAM recorder.
Eu posso usar esse sistema em uma filmadora? Estou comprando para usar em uma filmadora HD que utilizo para gravar palestras na lapela do palestrante.
Can this unit be connected to a Sony Handycam?
What type of an on/off switch does the transmitter have that clips to your belt? Is it a lever type or a flat button?
Is there a handheld microphone I can buy that will work with this system? Sometimes I need a handheld rather then the headset/lapel microphones.
What uhf frequencies are availabe for this system? We are in Evansville, IN 47715, but need to use system in 47546 &amp; 42303 zip codes too/
How are the sounds from these microphones recorded for use with a digital recording? Is there an input jack to connect to a Mac?
Will this work as a microphone on my camera with XLR connections? Will I need two cables or can I run both signals to the camera with one XLR cable?
What speakers do you need for this system? It will be used in a small Church.
I have an older hot rod deville, would this work?
Does it work with my Fender Champion 20 amp
Is it works with a fender rumble v3 100 amp?
Stupid question... can I control the volume with a knob on this footswitch?
Will it work with a super champ XD?
pedal is for sound effects?
Buying for my wife's group fitness studio. Is it best to use the XLR ouput or the 1/4" output? It would just be an instructor talking over music
battery
Can both mics be used at the same time successfully?
How long do rechargeable batteries hold up? What type of rechargeable are you using? Do you know your batteries mAh rating?
How is this headset with separating the speaker's voice from background noise?
I know the transmitters are powered by battery. But is the receiver powered by a 9v battery or is there a power adapter? Is the adapeter included?
Will these headsets work for singers?
Hi all, could this be used for a stage drama by two casts at the same time?
What batteries in headset? in transceiver? in preamp?
When plugging this into a sound board does it use one channel for both mics, or, does it need two channels in the sound system?
what's inside the box? Does it include the shock mount ?
does it use phantom power
How do these compare to the MXL 990/991 combo? Similar in sound? I would not want to spend the money if they are going to sound virtually the same.
Is the XLR connector on the MX 550 microphone male or female? It also appears to be threaded?
what are the cable specs for this mic?
Can i plug more than one mic into this for recording?
I'm looking for a studio mic with a crystal clear sound, and absolutely no background hissing. How does this mic sound quality-wise?
how much is the postage cost to Chile?Also is it possible to get a full refund if the product is faulty?
how much would the product cost including all delivery costs to the UK
Can you connect this to your computer? And does the chords come with it? If not what's a good usb mic? Not too pricy though.
Would I be able to just use a XLR to USB adapter to connect this mic to my laptop?
what extra stuff would I have to get to set this on a table and hook it into my computer?
How does this mic sound with wind instruments like a flute?
Would this be a good microphone for a trumpet?
How would I use this. I know usb mics can be directly connected to a pc, but what kind of cable does this have?
What is the difference between this and the V67G?
Can microphone this be used with a preamp with phantom power?
Does it come with a USB cord for my laptop so i can be able to record of my laptop?. Please answer!
What is a "ribbon" mic? I just bought a BR-800. Acoustic guitar, single female vocal. What is your best mic around $100 or less?
this microphone is it low on feed back only one review need more
Does this microphone need to be connected to an external source to be heard, or does it contain a speaker?
How does this work with block rocker
can i use it with my labtop
Is this compatible with fl studio, are you able to record your drums easily in fl. Thanks
can you hook this item up to a d.j.mixer?
When i buy my mpd does it come with the cords?
can i use this to record samples into, to use when i DJ or record, tia
Can I run this right into an amplifier or do I need a source for the unit to trigger? Can I create my own samples and run through guitar boxes?
Will your computer recognize this device if u don't use the cd because my Mac book pro doesn't have a cd port?
do you NEED to put the cd that comes with this into your computer for it to be recognized because I have the new mac book air and there is no cd drive
Does this have built in speakers? And can I plug headphones in so noise doesn't come out of the speakers?
Can you record your music on here and then upload it to your computer? Also do you need any computer software to use this? Thanks in advance:D
Will this work with an iPad?
does this work with garageband? for mac
Are all the knobs on the same MIDI channel?
Can I make it so it can control program sounds?
can this be programed for sound effects and other recorded audio sample for podcast?
I ordered my product in december around the holidays so it's barely 8 months old and it stopped working!!! Is there any warranty on it??
Can it do note repeat?
I use Ableton Live 9 with Push. Can I set it so the LPD8's knobs automatically control the 8 macro knobs on the selected track and switch accordingly?
can i use it play effects and/or sample audio
Can i use it as a dj wave sampler?
Hi, will this work with FL Studio 10?
What software can I use to just simply play sounds on the PC using this MIDI Controller? What software (FREE preferably) can I use to just simply play sounds through the PC using this as a basic MIDI Controller/Keyboard?
Finale Compatible: It this product Finale compatible?
this works on windows 7 64 bit? I saw a review that said it doesn't but also read many articles on google that said it does. Does it?
Is Akai LPK25 USB Keyboard compatible with Windows 8 ?
MIDI interface needed? Does this mean you need to buy a MIDI interface chord seperately?
plugged the USB into PC with Windows 7 and no sound? Do we need some software?
Is this suitable for a college music student? Hello - would this be helpful for a college music student going for a BM in instrument performance?
Garageband compatible? So does it work with garage band?
Does it work on windows XP?
you can plug a headphone?
I want to use this as a stereo cabinet, with my Vox Tonelab LE and a a Carvin Power Amp DCM 1000, how is the sound of this cabinet in stereo????
How about using it with the v 22, will it work fine?
What is the wood material of this cabinet? MDF, Plywood, or solid wood like pine.
will this cab match up ( size wise ) with the 333 xl combo amp--top and bottom line up?
Can i use this cab with the other 100w+ bugera amps like the 333xl or the 1960?
Does this work well with a MAC? And anyone know if it works with Dubturbo? Or wat other cheap/or free beat software programs? Thanks
can i use this to program drums using EZ drummer 2?
would you recommend this product over akai mpd26
does this unit have a manufactures warranty?
Does it include a usb cable?
Does this unit have mounting holes on the back? If so, what configuration?
Does it come with inbuilt sounds and can be played on its own?
Does any software come with the LIKE NEW $99.99 PC verison of Korg padKONTROL MIDI Studio Controller - Black advertised on Amazon.com
Would this work with the Korg Kronos music workstation?
What case works well with the tele head?
what type of strings does it come with?
how many frets?
is it a soprano ukelele?
Opened and set up guitar last night (adjusted truss rod and tuned) but I can't get rid of a fret buzz around 13th fret, any opinions?
Is there a major difference between the Hellcat and the Deluxe version?
may i use nylong strings instead of the steel ones?
waht are the measuments of this guitar?
does it come with a strap? and is it satin or gloss?
Does it come with a case? Does it come with a case, if so what is the case like?
Is this compatible with Serato DJ software? Or is Traktor necessary?
I'm trying to use this with my iPad and Traktor. Is it supposed to work plug-and-play? I don't get any lights or sound. Am I missing something?
Hello, what cable do I need to connect Audio 2 to a mixer?
Hello, what cable do I need to connect Audio 2 to a mixer?
Does this support Driver type ASIO? I need this driver type so this can work in Ableton Live for recording. Thank you.
Does the traktor 2 or traktor LE software (either one) come with used versions of these?
does it comes with software
I just want to monitor my audio while playing music, should I get this or the Traktor DJ cable?
can you use this sound card using cdjs without software
How firm is the board portion of this bag? I'm curious how much "give" there is in the bag/board itself when you go to press on the pedals.
Do this bag fits the POD HD500X? Thanks!
Zipper durability issues?
Is there room for the jacks to plug in to the left- and right-most pedals without awkward cable bends or losing valuable space for boxes?
WHAT ARE THE INSIDE DIMENSIONS OF THIS ITEM
Is the pedalboard removable from the gig bag? Thanks!!
what are the inside dimensions of this case? regads
What is the maximum thickness of board and pedals which can be stored in the case?
is the case pretty hard i have another roadrunner case and its like a hard case inside and a soft case outside
I'm only getting one channel of audio out of this system using a Nikon D600. Is my setup incorrect in some way?
I'm using the supplied 1/8" Male to XLR Male Cable but only getting audio on one channel. Do I need another type for dual?
Can I attach a different mic to this, and then plug the system directly into my camera?
What is the average distance these will still work well away from one another?
does this come with the power supply
Has anyone used this with a bass guitar? Does it provide adequate results when used with a bass?
I mainly need something for amp simulation, distortion, compression and a noise gate. Could anyone please offer attributes on just these features?
Will it work on an electric violin? Does it have the loop effect?
How are the delay options? I have the Zoom 505 still and the delay isn't that great on it.
can it go an octave down? (octave generation)
Does this Pedal require a certain kind of amp to use?
has anyone used it as part of a pedal setup, just for chorus, delay, reverb and maybe other effects? does it make any sound loss?
Does this book have a decent, self expanatory manual
so if this doesnt have a pedal, you have to constantly fiddle with it by hand? I have electric violin, I am new to all of this.
Can these plug into my computer microphone jack (I have Audacity already) or a handheld recording device? Do I need anything more to make these work?
I just tried these in a Zoom H2's external microphone jack and I don't get any signal. Are they defective or am I?
I am running these through a 1/8" female-female coupler then into a 1/8" male to dual male XLR into a Focusrite USB interface- all I hear is hissing.
do these require phantom power?
These arrived today and I haven't had a chance to try them out, but I am wondering about the above quote:"Black cable models with standard sensitivity have straight plugs, all others use right-angle plugs. There are two available microphone...
Can this item be used for enhancing sound in stereo, like equalizing and amplifying? Can it be made portable?
Could I use this to record directly to my iPhone?
I have the Tascam DR-40 which has 48v phantom power and 1/4inch line inputs; what battery module is necessary to bring these mics up to line level?
Will these work with a Zoom h4n? The Zoom has phantom power, but no mic. power. If power is needed to operate the mics, what module do I need to get?
Does this device come bundled with Cubase Ai software?
Where was it manufactured?
can the SW be installed on multiple machines (say a desktop and a laptop) ?
Is this good to use with Fl studio?
Is this Pro Tools 11 AND Mac 10.9+ compatible on a 2.5GHz Core i5 iMac?
have you tried using this product outside? if so, did you have any problem with it?
Where can I get extra silk flames?
This product could be used in France (voltage)? Thanks for your answer.
can the flame sack be cut in such a way as to get more flowing realistic flames?
Is there a product like this that is like a campfire? Or can this product be modified to produce the same effect as a campfire?
does this operate on batteries? how load is it?
i want to use this in a pot belly stove that is being installed in a historic restoration. Are the legs removeable? What is the outside diameter of the of the pan?
how tall is the "flame" from base?
I am looking for a faux campfie for an upcoming party...does this require electric?
are these rated for outdoors?
anyone own the Wavedrum? can anyone tell me anything about this drum?
Does this product comes with any connection cable, power cable or do i need purchase it? I didn't find this information at the product description.
Can the audio output be plugged into powered speakers or does it need to be plugged into an amplifier?
Does this have warranty in the US?
Does this come with the four colored wires? My blue wire's plastic cap split and doesn't connect with the wire couple anymore. So I need the wires as well to replace. I have a Sony PS-LX2 btw.
Will this cart work with a Pyle PLTTB3U TT? How do I know what carts will work with it? (TT novice)
im knew at this so, I have a gemini xl 500 II if i buy this with an american dj headshell im ready to go? or do i need to buy the stylus separetly?
i just wasted 30 dollars buying the wrong stylus so i want to make sure i can buy this cartridge and it will be compatable with the Stanton t62?
To change the cartridge I pinch / pull down the current one. Pulling harder I'm concerned the connection wires will disconnect. Help?
Do you think this will work on an old school Optonica RP-7705, and does the cartridge come with the screws? Thx
Will this work on a pioneer pl12d?
Will the stylus on this cartridge work on an AT-91/Rega Carbon cartridge? I can't find a .7 mil conical replacement stylus anywhere. Thank you.
I am buying a new headshell and cartridge. Will one or the other come with small bolts for the cartridge to attach to the headshell?
Will this fit a Realistic (Radioshack) Lab-1500?
Hi, will this fit Technics SL-BD20D?
Will this work on a JVC AL-F3BKX
Will this work on a Technics SL-Q200?
Hi, will this fit with a Technics SL-Q300? Thanks!
Will this fit a Technics SL-B200?
Will this work on an SL BD26?
i have pioneer PL-S40. The stylus says" N-48". it's red on bottom, white on top. Will this work, if not, what will. Thanks.
I installed the cartridge, but now there is a low level "humming" background noise. I cleaned all the connections between the turntable and amp.
will this work with a Technics SLQ-30 turntable?
Will this fit a Technics SL-D30? if not, wich one will?
Does this have the option to blend the left and right mixes? My mixer only has one monitor input and I was just wondering
Hello, What kind of batteries does it use? Thanks a lot.
Anyone used these IEMs? http://www.amazon.com/MEElectronics-U...
Is there an advantage or disadvantage to choosing the A, B or G range? I live in Northern CA in the US.
Are these in the A band frequency range?
Why are there so many sennheiser 300g3 Iem systems factory repacks for sale everywhere ? are they that unreliable?
How many headsets can this support? Could we get additional remote packs and send the mix to all 5 people in our band?
Is there a charger to go with it? It looks like you could drop it right into one? The batteries go dead quickly..
it can be used for this (Beige Headset Head-mounted Headworn Microphone JK MIC-J 082S for Shure Sennheiser AKG Wireless System)? I can connect a mic?
Is the mic clip detachable?
Can you attach a shockmount to this stand? Will it support the weight?
can i use it for a wired mic
Will this stand work with a Blue Snowball microphone?
Does the stand fit for any mic (size)?
Will this connect on the top to a standard tripod mount ? What is the threading on the top side of the stand? I am looking for 5/8"-27
What diameter of microphone will the holder accommodate? I'm not familiar if there is a standard mic diameter.
does this base just sit freely or is it attachable to a podium ?
What is the length of the gooseneck? Does the gooseneck detach from the base?
Will a Shure SM 58 fit in the stand?
i have a rode video mic pro, will i be able to attach this mic to this boom pole and stand? I'm guessing i'll need some kind of adapter
Will i be able to unscrew to holder on the top? To attach the shockmount for my condenser mic?
Where does the mic plug into the stand? Is there a USB port on the mic stand?
Can I use outdoors with shotgun mic for field recording?
how tall is it
Can it used with Shure SM58s microphone?
can the horizontal arm be pointed down for children to use?
Hey can this stand use for Audio-Technica AT2035 ?
would this work with a senhiser e835
Can I screw the boom arm off? and if so could I fit the blue yeti on the threading of it? Cause I would like to have my mic being pointed vertical.
Description says "Removable Stroboscope Light (Not included)"; a review mentions strobe "way off"... does it come with a strobe? If so, a good one?
I just purchased this TT, what settings are optimum for the counterweight and anti skate? Thanks everyone.
Has anyone experienced any inconsistent fluctuation in the rotations speeds? I'd hate to be listening to my vinyls in a higher / lower pitch.
Windows doesn't recognize the turntable's usb. I get a message saying that the usb device isn't recognized and to reconnect. It also says that if that doesn't work the device is malfunctioning. I tried it with a unit running windows 8 and also one...
Is this unit Mac compatible?
Does this have a ground wire?
Isn't the tone are supposed to return to the rest position when the record finishes?
Does the Pyle PLTTB3U Belt Drive USB Turntable work on laptops?
does it have an AUX INPUT.
Does this work with Windows 7 home edition os?
Is the headphone jack for a 1/4 inch (large) or a 1/8 inch (small) headphone plug?
Would this one work for a 6 string bass?
Does this device absorb most of sound from acoustic-electric guitar? I get back to apartment at late night and I don't want to create noise issues
does it work with piezo?
Would anyone know if this device would work with a Bose Soundlink Mini Bluetooth Speaker with an AUX function and a Takamine acoustic electric guitar?
Can you plug external mini speakers into the headphone jack and get a decent sound?
Can you used this with an acoustic electric guitar?
I have one that works ok, except that there is a loud buzzing sound in my headphones when I use it. Is that normal? How do I prevent it?
how about using this with an electric violin?
Where is this manufactured? Thanks.
taylor swift baby taylor - visable screws through fretboard: Is this normal?
I picked one of these up in a guitar store once and strummed it a bit, it seemed smaller than a regular baby taylor. Is it smaller at all?
Do you have a bag for this
Does it come with a Guitar Strap?
Does it come with a guitar bag
Does the guitar come with a carrying case?
TS-BT for left-handed girl? Where can I order one for my left-handed daughter?
Why is this picture different from the one on Taylor Guitars.com?
How small is the Taylor Swift Guitar? I have a 13-yr-old who is adult-size - is this guitar too small?
Is there a difference between the TSBT and the TSBT2 ?
I'm looking for a tuner for my sons' violin. It is acustic, not electric. Will this item work for my needs? Don't want to spend alot of money.
Does this tuner work on oboes
Does a clip-on microphone come with this tuner or do I need to buy it separately?
How long will the Korg last?
How do you put the batteries in? Where is the stand? No instructions included? I never had so much trouble trying to figure out how to put batteries
does the ca1 korg tuner come with a stand to put in the tilt slit on back?
Does this tuner use sharps (c# d# etc...) or minors and majors only?
does this have an input for regular earpiece? does it tune a flute?
My daughter is making a xylophone out of copper and needs to tune it. Frequencies are between 150 and 700. Would this work for her? Thanks
Will this tuner tune an Electric gutar by just plugging into it, with no amp?
Does it get hot? If used in an attic or crawl space of a home (for critter control) will it get hot enough to create fire hazard?
How many flashes per second?
electric or battery?
Need to gain attention at a neighborhood event at nite. Would this strobe be effective drawing notice? 1 dim streetlight nearby.
Would this light up a 23 ft by 13 ft basement?
110 or 220v?
I am looking for a strobe that can create a Lightening effect - can this achieve that?
How would 2 strobes work (opposite corners in a rectangle room) if the room is 864 square feet?
this says ships in 1 to 2 MONTHS - is that correct?? or do you mean ships in 1 to 2 days??
does it work on 220V outside US
i would like to use these on my 5 string fiddle, C string. how much for the extra peg?
trebal side is the right hand thread or?
What size are these pegs? Knilling makes 4 different sizes for 4/4
I have a 4/4 viola. I assume these pegs work on Violas?
To the seller: I need pegs for a cello, will these work? And are they the same in appearance as the ones in the picture?
are these pegs held in place by friction? or with glue?
are these Hill style pegs with decorative buttons just like the ones show in the box set?
What diameter is this set your selling here?
I'd like to buy 6 pegs; how much?
On the Planetary website, these pegs come in 3 different sizes for the 4/4 violin. Did you get an option for picking a size?
The picture you or Amazon show for the product are two stands constructed differently. which are you selling?
How small a cello will this stand accomodate? I did not see a review that specifically mentioned a size smaller than 4/4. My daughter has a 1/8 cello.
I'm concerned about the back of the stand scrapping up the back of my cello, could anyone tell me if it does scratch the cello?
What is the weight of the stand?
How hard is this to assemble? Is it hard to secure the bass in the stand?
Will this accommodate a 3/4 sized double bass? "Yes" seems obvious but there's this great question feature, so I thought I'd ask.
I lost the pad for the holder for the neck of a cello on my adjustable cello stand. Where can I buy a replacement pad?
will this hold a 3/4 bass, IN a non-padded (just dust-cover) gig-bag?
Will this perhaps work with a Stagg 3/4 electric upright bass?
Is the rotating strap that closes over the fingerboard made of plastic or metal? Thanks!
Does this work with wind instruments?
is this tuner good for outdoor in the day time.
I need a new battery for my tuner. What do I look for, at the store? Thx
Does this unit come with the CR2032 battery? Or does a battery have to be purchased separately?
Does this work on electric guitars?
Do you need to use something sharp to break the surface before using it for the first time?
Why dose this product require a battery?
Is this light or dark rosin?
Does this come with a polishing cloth?
how does this rosin compare to Andrea? Dust wise and sound quality?
How is this rosin for bluegrass and old time?
Can I just tap this lights into a switch outdoor light i currently have on my travel trailer that way i can flip the inside switch to turn them off/on
can it be batter powered
are these weather proof for placing on a car exterior ?
do you sell them in other lengths, like 3 ft and 10 ft, I want them in red if you do,
Does this item come with a transformer?
does these lights come in orange; not yellow or amber but orange
i just received my light strips. when connecting the lights to my rv. do i need any thing special to connect them to my rv. or just to power source
What is the wavelength of these LED lights?
how do these work electrically, do they come with an adapter or a plug to plug into a receptacle???
Connectors don't accommodated transformer wire. Is best way to use 2 to strip wire from connector then wire to transformer in parallel?
What are the dimensions of the strip - width &amp; thickness?
Can these be use outdoors? Any "special" considerations?
can you change colors when added to my orinal led strip with remote
How will these work with an 8 AA battery pack?
Can these be encased to water proof them
I thought I was ordering a plug in rope light. How can I make this work? What parts do I need? I see something that plugs into the round end and it can be plugged into the wall. What are the two exposed wires for? The red and black?
Any idea why these lights don't work with this transformer? I strung three sets of lights in parallel. They light up super dim.
Any idea why these lights don't work with the Light Tech LET151 transformer? I strung three sets of lights in parallel. They light up super dim.
can these be attached to 12v battery
Is this product good for outdoor use such as on an RV
The rating is 24W power consumption. For the whole reel? If it is per reel, how many sections are there per reel? Math says 98.4 sections at 2" each..
Is it water resistant at a marine level?
Does this have to plug into the wall? and do you provide an extension?
Can I use a dimmer with this product?
Is 20 gauge wire okay for one of these light units?
what do I need to connect these lights up to electricity? I thought they came ready to plug into power outlet no so.
are these the type WITHOUT the protective rubber top-coat? because finding it without is becoming increasingly difficult. I need it thinnest possible
opinion before I purchase: will this look good surface mounted? I'm thinking of using this in my home theater room for accent lighting around entryway
Can I use 12 meters with one 30 Watt LED Power Suppply Driver Transformer? If I want dimmable, what kind of Transformer dimmable? 60w, 100w?
Does the adhesive have a smell, is it offgassing any chemicals? We had to remove a set (of another brand) because they emitted a smell.
do you have 10 reels that are from the same batch , I need them all to match
I have a stair railing made of IPE also known as "Ironwood". Will the adhesive backing stick to this wood? If not is there another mounting method?
are these strip wireless do they work on battery
Is it sticky enough to adhere to the underside of granite?
Does the strip lighting have some sort of an adhesive on the back side of it? And what color does it giv e off, does it give off more of a daylight look or does it give more of a golden look? Thanks
does it come with a power supply to plug into wall if not how much does that go for? thanks
What's the difference between this roll and the same length that costs $387 at the lighting store and says "High Output"? 42W
Can I use such a LED strip (to replace old incandescent bulbs) for a gas cooking range lighting? Will they stand the heat?
Can these be cut?
can these be connected?
what kind of plug is that
After I cut the first portion that I need, is there a way to connect the the remaing piece to a new power cord and adapter?
Can i use it outside?
what is thebase color? not light color but strip color the lights are attached to. black or white or?
Will this light work well by itself? Or do you need a second Gem Pulse to really get the effect? I might pair with a Galaxian instead.
can you set the lights on the gem to stay on static mode as wells sound activated?
Is it working on 220 V because I m taking it in europe
Is it working on 220 V because I m taking it in europe
Is it good with other lights?
Is this a large diaphragm microphone? My son is a rapper and that is what he wants and I 'm not even sure what it is.
Do I need to buy a 48 v phantom power adapter?
Based on reviews alone. Why would one spend 144 more for this mic, over something like the MXL 770. Is the quality that much better?
Can you send the exact link to a recommended interface or xlr cable or whatever i need for the NT1-A to work and plug into the usb on my hp laptop
I'm doing an animation movie, I was wondering if it works to record on a computer? Or do I need anything else to do it?
can this be used with an USB? What would I need
Can I plug this directly to my BEHRINGER XENYX 302USB using XLR cable. Will it have the required power then? Thanks!
hello, i wanted to make singing covers on youtube, but didnt know what kind of mic or other equipment to buy?
Can I just plug this into my laptop with Reasons DAW and be good to go or do I need to invest in more?
With Which Preamp Should I Pair It? Tube Or Standard? And Please Suggest Under $200
Does this item fit the P35B Yamaha keyboard?
does this foot pedal work with the L85 stand and the p105B piano?
Does this come with screws to attach to the stand?
It says it works with P-95B and P-95S, anyone knows if it works with Yamaha P-95?
On Yamaha P105 I can't use half-damper, no matter how carefully I test different pressures. Am I missing something?
Can either the LP5A or the LP7A units be used if you do not have the L85 stand (I use a Quiklok style for ease of setting up on gigs)
Does this work with the P155 Yamaha keyboard?
What is the difference between the LP5A 3 pedal unit and the LP7A 3 pedal unit? Does LP7A works with P105 keyboard?
Does this come with the pedals? Or just a place to put the pedals?
- What are the dimensions of this item?
Can the sample start/end function be switched with a footswitch? In the case of playing a guitar or piano and wanting to sample it directly.
does it come with everything? like the charger, and dvd and stuff?
Can you disable the velocity sensitvity of the pads? ie have fixed velocity and volume output every time you trigger a pad?
Could it work with Reason?
does this come with the midi in cable?
Does this come with power adapter?
Which one will be shipped the one with black pegs or the one with white pegs?
where is it made in?
Product Dimensions in the shipping pagckage? HxWxD aprox?
it has spanish heel join ?
What is the action like on this guitar?
has truss rod?
What is the width of the string spacing at the bridge, from E to E
Which is the better buy for the price difference: Yamaha C40, Cordoba CP 110 or Cordoba C3M
I am a intermediate player and am hesitating between this guitar and the Yamaha CG122. Does anyone have a recommendation?
Where are the C3M made?
Is this one nylon string?
Is this a compact sized guitar or a standard full sized?
Will the C40 fit a case which holds a Yamaha G55A?
All solid woods or solid top only? I can't quite tell from advertising blerb.
Will Everest EZ Series Shoulder Rest for 4/4 Violin work with skeleton body silent electric violin?
Will this fit a 13" viola?
Does anyone find this rest to be too thick or clunky? I have a relatively short neck and previously played with a Kun, which looked "thinner".
Is the neoprine matirial mentioned here more comfotable than a non-neoprine foam rest from say about 10 years ago?
I know nothing about these and am buying for my grandkids. Does the size listed here mean it will fit a 3/4 also?
Has anyone used this shoulder rest on a 16" viola? If so, did it fit properly?
What's the difference between the two sizes: small and medium?
what is best shoulder rest?
Do you have a shoulder rest for 3/4 size?
Can I purchase extensions for the Everest shoulder rest? I need to lift it higher for ease
Is it better than a Kun shoulder rest???
This Item model number is EC-4?
Will this fit under the top half of the violin in the compartment for the same in most standard violin cases?
Is this different from http://www.amazon.com/Everest-EC-4-Co... ?
One review said this shoulder negatively affects the sound quality. Has anyone else experienced this?
Will it fit a 14 inch viola?
Is this better than a Mach One?
will it work with a silent electric violin?
What kind of battery does this use? Is it removable? Thank you.
The product is listed as a "voice" recorder. Any good as a music (e.g piano, band) recorder?
Hello, can this recorder work with microSDHC "high capacity" memory cards or only microSD and M2 cards? I am considering a Sandisk 16 GB SDHC. Thx.
Are any of the buttons backlit or just the display window?
is it voice activated
Product Dimensions: shown as 1 x 1 x 1 inches. Is that correct?
My specific planned use is unobtrusively recording normal conversation. So mike has to be very sensitive. Is it? Specifically, I want to record "oral history" conversations with my soft-spoken mother, who gets self conscious if a microphone shows up....
how is the sound play playback using only the recorder?
How do I install the included Audio Studio LE on a Mac?
Seeking Advice on Best Microphones for Use with this Recorder: Can anyone suggest what microphones/model/brand to use for this situation?
does this come with the ilock key needed to use the plugin in pro tools? (I already have PT 10)
Which version of PT is included buying it new with Pro Audio Source?
Does this come with Pro Tools 10?
I own the Hohner 32-key Airboard. Does this 37-note play an octave higher, or an octave lower (being that mine begins on the F below middle C)?
does this have any Lithium ion battery in it?? Please reply as early as you can..!!
Anyone know where I can find just the mouthpiece and blowing pipe for this?
What about servicing the instrument, tuning and repair?
I know this is saying drum set so that includes the snare, and bass drum as well as the cymbals n foot petal?
How much space will I need for the drums?
I wonder how much is the weight and volume and number of boxes
is the symbol a ride, crash, or crash/ride symbol?
I am looking at drums for my son who will be 12. Would it be better for adult or junior set?
Is this worth my money?
does it come with metal plates(crash)?
"Question Hi, I want to know the package size, just one box, or many boxes, size for each one??"
WHAT AGE GROUP IS THIS FOR
Question: Hi, I want to know the package size, just one box, or many boxes, size for each one??
will the dual cd player play burn cd off computer or a burn cd from another cd
does all the cable and cord come with the dual cd player
Does this unit play CD-Rs ?
Will it play MP3's burned to CD?
Can you us lots of different effects at the same time??
Can you save custom effects or do you have to set it back up every time you use it?
How is the compressor? A compressor is the main, maybe only, thing I would use; a Keeley is over $250.
does this have a wah wah effect from the pedal?
does my g1xn come with the adpter ?
Can you use it with headphones and no amp?
I need an adapter or already included? What else do I need to use this product?
Is the pedal a wah or volume?
Does it include a tuner?
does it have a volume pedal you can use like an expression pedal??
Can you plug earphones not to bother the neighbors?
I just ordered this guitar, I just realized that i didnt check to see if it was usable with Rocksmith.. Does anyone know?
how hard is it to learn electric guitar---I know a little fingerstyle on acoustic guitar and the basic chord patterns--is this very different
How long is the Cable that connects the guitar to the amp?
is this a base guitar?
hi, i bought this for our son, he loves it. what size strings do we buy to replace broken ones? is there a certain size or certain alloy to use? th
Do you play the guitar a lot?
is this a left handed guitar
What brand is this guitar?
Is it a 1/4" plug? I don't know if that is a standard size with electric guitars or not. My husband wants one to play with the rocksmith game and I need to have a 1/4" plug to work with the game.
will this work with rocksmith
what is the body made out of
Where is it made from? And is the guitar good even though it's brand is pretty unknown
dose it work on rocksmith 2014?
Does this come with a tuner in the accessories pack?
is the amp battery powered
Does it have distorion?
What is each knob on the amp?
is it a fender guitar
Does this come with a warranty?
Could this possibly work with the VirtualDJ software?
What lap top would I have to buy to have this work?
Does anybody know if this has a beat match feature?
can i use my phone
Does it work with virtual dj 8
served in virtual dj with windows?
can you use speakers with this?
Can this be used for karoake? Can it be connected to external huge DJ speakers?
I'm looking for something I can sing along with, but not a karaoke because I have thousands of songs already. Would this work?
do i need a sound card to hear que from either side or does it have built in sound?
Would this be small enough for a carry on bag for flying?
Is the height measured from the floor to the level of the shelf or to the top of the stand?
If one was careful enough with it, would this be sturdy enough to place an ipad 3 on it so as to get dual use out of it for music either on paper or ipad?
I'm confused.I read that it can come apart in 3 pieces to make it shorter.What is its shortest length when taken apart?Does it fit into its case then?
it didn't work i blow at it but there is no sound?
What key is it in?
How big is the flute
is it good for 10 year olds
Is it a flute t
Hi there, did this fife come with some sort of case, or pouch to store it in? thanks.
What type of metal is it?
Is this good instrument tor beginners?
What are the dimensions of this product?
why is this product not acknowledged at the mxl site ?
Lots of reviewers are mentioning the CEntrance MicPort Pro. Does anyone know how it compares to the MXL Micmate Pro which costs half as much?
Is the cable XLR to XLR or XLR to USB? Thanks.
is this good for vocals? for deep voice and rap?
I have no experience with recording equipment--what do I need to make this work with a laptop? (Parts and example, please.) Thanks!
Can someone tell me how this sounds with brass instruments?
Looking for a good mic on a budget for miking drums, in a 2-mic set up. Will this do well as a compliment to good kick mic?
Does this include the shock mount? What about XLR Cable?
Does anyone know if this mic picks up the sound of a mechanical keyboard
First professional microphone purchase. What do I need to make this work with a pc? I already have the phantom power supply.
What is a good desktop stand for this microphone?
Is the final price of $ 218 includes customs clearance, shipping and home delivery in Egypt? Is there any other expenses to receive the product in Egy
Is this better than the C01 Studio Condenser Mic that comes with the samson gt studio pro ?
Does this come with the 4 signal wires and the connector for mounting to tone arm? I could not tell from looking at the picture.
Does this work on a Stanton T.92 turntable? With which cartridge?
Does is come with plastic clips to insulate the cartridge from the headshell?
material - metal/plastic
Will this work with Traktor pro and mac?
will it work with mac?
Will this work with ipad ? (Ipad air)
this system worked 220 v or 110v ??
Does it work with Windows 7? Any issues with the USB detecting?
my husband bought me a signed Fender, Squier, bullet start. which model should I buy
Does this work with Acoustic Guitars?
Would this work with a guitar with Straplocks installed? What type might work best? Schaller? Dunlop? Etc...
will the harmonizer work without playing a guitar at the same time? will it work simply by singing through it?
Can you turn the guitar off on the out put for recording vocal harmony? And can you record just the harmony vocals with out the main vocals coming thr
so it works with keyboards? (1/4 line in)
can it be used with a roland stage piano
Am I likely to have feedback issues with mic on an acoustic guitar vs a pickup? I use fairly decent cardiods but the Martins seem to grab room sounds.
Do any of the presets have a Talk Box?
Uses chords played to determine harmonies provided - does it work well with finger style playing? ie: single notes?
do i need a foot pedal to go with it?
Questions from a novice at this: Is there any way to output directly into my computer or must I have a separate microphone plugged into my USB port, and this plugged into speakers?
Can I plug a keyboard?
Is this compatible with FL Studio?
I did not find out whether this works with any other software too, not only with Ableton Live. ???
Can I use the Launchpad to live session??? I wanna make electronic music just for me in live format. I need the software ???
Anyone have any experience using this as a programmable keyboard? Similar to Xkeys?
does it come with dierictions on how to use it
wiki it work with logic express?
Can I use this as radio station sound effect board for playing noises and such on air?
I use MP3 files for video sound tracks. Does this Launchpad Ableton Live Controller include a recording software to save to MP3 formats files?
Can i buy it as a stand alone or do i need software? Can i buy it as a stand alone or do i need software?
Is the stand and bench height adjustable? I wanted to get this for a second grade student. Will it be too big/tall?
How long in inches are the short legs that the piano rests on? And how long are the long legs at the base of the stand?
The stand is wobbling, what could I be doing wrong?
Is this stand compatible with the Yamaha psr 340 keyboard?
My daughter has a huge, heavy 88 key keyboard. Will the stand support it?
Will this work with the Casio SA-76 44 Key Mini Keyboard, Orange?
Will this work with the yamaha psr e403?
hello! does this fit all electronic pianos? I have a Huntington brand. thanks!
I never had a keyboard stand before. How do you adjust the height, and how do you get it to just stand?
what size keyboaed will it hold
3/4 size guitar??
Does this guitar has steel strings?
do u have a used in black?
can you play this guitar with the rocksmith video game?
Do u have Indonesian language?
Can you add your own music to a song chip somehow? Where do you see the words?
My Entertech system has RCA output and worked well with my older tv. However, it does not work with my new VIZIO HD system. Any fix for this?
I am interested in buying te Entertech ET19K Magic Sing Mic Karaoke Machine 2 Wireless. Do you provide chips with pop music in spanish?
Any reviews on this product?? Please post!.
does this have tagalog songs and where is your song list?
MIC connection drops after moving 3 ft away. Happens to both mic's, changed batteries. Anyone have any advise?
I want to download new songs into the system. Is that possible?
speed issue
how to play the expansion slot
do actual songs come pre loaded or just sound patches. If so, is there a song list of what is loaded on it?
Does this have usb?
I have this product and love the sound quality and COSM effects. Would there be any way of using this with an iPad for recording to Garageband?
what song speed change options are there?
What items come with the trumpet besides case and mouthpiece? Thank you.
what is the brand
Is this trumpet really good for concerts and /or for orchestra playing? Would like an adult with playing experience to answer if possible.
do the valves stick a lot? i need a new trumpet and I'm wondering if this is good orchestra quality for playing at Sydney Opera House. Thanks!
Whats 1+1=?
Does this stand adjust? How high does it go? My almost 10 year old wants a stand...she is 54" tall. Will this work for her? THANK YOU!
Says there are two rock-style demo songs. How do you get them to play? When we press the button on the microphone all it does is clap.
how big is the box?
Santa brought this for my daughter for Christmas.... Was this supposed to come with a cable to connect from our iPhone to the stand?
Can you plug this into the hello kitty cd player? can you also just sing into it without plugging it into anything?
is there a volume control?
Does this connect into an iphone 5?
Does this work with the newest ipod nano?
can u hear there voice singing in the microphone????
Can you plug this into a karaoke machine?
Has anyone found a place to purchase the power adapter for the amp? Or do I need to stock pile 9V batteries?
What size is appropriate for an 8 yr old, got a 30"
Is the amp battery powered or does it come with a plug?
Would this be considered a 1/4 size or 1/2 size guitar? I need to know if this is the right size guitar for my 3 year old cousin.
It shows a bag but does not list that it comes along with??
which is the weight and dimensions of the package?
Is this midi compatible?
Does the BA330 have any kind of weather sealing? Does anyone have any experience with this unit in the rain?
Does this produce a lot of hiss, ie, can I use it at close range as a computer speaker? Thnx
Does this PA system can mix a mic echo effect for singing (softer) songs? Thanks.
how much does it weigh?
How much power (watts) does this PA have?
How much power (watts) does this PA have?
How would you rate the quality of sound of a nylon (or steel) acoustic guitar plugged-into this. will be plugging in stereo backing tracks too.
What AC power Input does it have , 110V ( US) 230V (NZ) or both
I live in an apartment.Can I plug headphones and hear mp3 and voice through the headphones while lowering or muting the speaker?
Can an additional speaker be added to this system if needed. I use it for my dance group and sometimes it needs to be a little louder when outside.
Does it have a USB port to record to a computer?
Will this play 45 size records?
where can i get the center ring to play my 45 records and a repair person?
Can we stream karaoke tracks from the internet by connecting a laptop to it?
This device has a function of score to finish the tracks mp3 + g? and let me know if you play videos in the background?
What songs are included? Are they stored within the player or are they on a disc?
do you need a poop filter for this
does it work for singing?
What pop filters work best for the Blue Yeti?
Does the mic come with any software for recording, or do you have any recommendations on good (easy to use) recording software for PC.
Can you put this microphone near a desktop computer and have it no pickup the keyboard typing noises ?
About how long is the USB cable that it comes with?
Is Blue Yeti compatible with Windows 8?
Is this compatible with Garage Band?
has anyone tried doing voice recognition with this mic or know if it will work?
difference between silver and platinum yeti models
My son has a fender strat. Some of the reviews say that this type of guitar won't work with this holder. Have you tried it with this type of guitar
Does this grip have any padding to protect the guitar from scratching and damage?
My son has a very small Fender Squier Mini. Will this fit easily?
Can I hang a baritone ukelele on this?
I want to put this in a display box does anyone know the dimension ? Or at least length from attachment to fingertips,
If my son has 2 left handed guitars, does he need to get the hanger that is a "left hand" to fit properly?
Is it compatible with korg sp100?
how nuch does the Korg spst-1w-black weigh?
how much does it weigh?
Will this fit the korg sp100?
Is it compatible with korg sp100?
how nuch does the Korg spst-1w-black weigh?
how much does it weigh?
Will this fit the korg sp100?
do you need a computer to work this? can you use it independantly? is there a headphone jack? does it record?
Is this Mac compatible (Garageband and Logic)?
I notice the transport control buttons (play, stop, record, etc.) are also listed with the midi control values underneath. can they be mapped too?
Does this connect and work as a controller for the various Ipad Programs/DAWs? (GarageBand, Korg Stuff, etc.)
Is this a good controller for a beginner? I have been messing around with FL Studio for a bit and hate using my computer keyboard.
Anyone record voice via mic to pc? how was the quality?
Can this be used with a volume pedal?
can I use this simultaneously along with another usb midi keyboard connected to my laptop? I'm using Cubase. Thanks
does work with windows 7 ?
Does it have some sort of a sustain button or similar control?
Can you combine doubling, chorus and pitch control into one user setting please?
Can this be used with a karaoke machine?
Can you plug two mics into this, and if you can, what happens when 2 people sing, will it harmonize with both voices?
Will this generate a sub-octave? Thanks.
How does this work on stage, live? If the sound man's still in control, how do you know what the audience is getting?
Can you use a normal 9v power supply?
can i use it to connect to my cellphone and talk in different voice gender
Can this be used in 220 voltage?
Does it work with a wireless microfone?
How does the pitch correction work? Do you have to pre-set the key or does it just figure it out on its own?
will this guitar take 10-46 strings? What size strings come on this guitar?
what year was this Danelectro manufactured? Does it come with a case? The description says Black Only but I'm looking to buy a Black and White?
What is the difference between this guitar and the Danelectro '59 "O" model? Because I've seen it in blue, red, etc
Can anyone tell me iif this guitar will fit in a standard Fender style vintage tweed case?
This is the model in matte black, correct? The model with the dulled hardware and the non gloss finish? I'm not interested in the shiny black gloss
On image there is a Badass Bridge, but description says Rosewood Saddle Bridge. Why???
What is the distance between the posts on the bridge/tailpiece?
How much does it weigh?
Does this have the gloss black finish and the chrome polished pickups or does it have the matted black finish and matted pickups?
HOW FAST DOES IT COME?
I have a 14 yr old who really wants a guitar but the one we have is too big would this one work better?
you get the guitar with the bag and and the rest of the stuff
Does it have a truss rod for adjusting action? How wide is the nut/fret board?
the title of the product says "Digital E-tuner" is that included, because it is not in the bio under the color opitions?
Does the pick guard come attached or separate
Does the pick guard come attached or separate
how does the strap attach???? t here is only one spot at the bottom
Can this be used by a left-handed child? He recently had leg surgery and Santa would love to get an inexpensive guitar to learn on while he recoups.
Can it be used with a keyboard / piano?
Is this pedal good enough for metal music (both rythm and solos) or do you think the behringer DC9 is better for this?
Does the tone knob affects the tone of the sound itself or its there for maintaining a main gain on certain point in the tone spectrum?
If I use this while recording through my amp will I get the overdrive sound without the crackling sounds from the distortion?
Please tell me why this thing constantly breaks up the sound, as in buzzing, no matter how I set it? I have a Valvetronic VT 15 . Thanks.
I want to connect a lavalier to my dslr. I know this lav is designed for the wireless kit but would it work the same?
can i use this lav with a zoom h1 recorder? Thanks
can this mic be used with a sennheiser body pack?
If I want to project onto the ceiling, where's the best height and angle to put the projector? Does it have to be perpendicular to the surface?
Can I use it outdoors and what's the effect?
how much area can one unit cover?Square Footage?
What type of bracket do I need to attach to a stage light pole?
Will the waves be visible in a hallway with natural light coming in from classroom windows and halogen ceiling lights at the entrance of the hallway?
can you sit it on the floor
Can the Water Effect be converted to a different pattern, say, ones &amp; zeroes moving in a green Matrix movie look?
Would this product work in Australia with the Australian voltage of 240 volts? Thanks
Sound Activated? Is this unit a sound activated device?
Would you recommended this for looping guitar in Ableton?
Does "Note on" behave like holding a note down on a keyboard and then "Note off" releases it?
Can this be used to hit record and stop within Ableton? If not, any suggestions on what kind of remote foot switch would?
Could I use this with an Android tablet?
can I use this to switch between saved amps or saved amp settings in garageband? i.e. if I want to switch between one with distortion and one clean
Will this work with a Mac?
can you use this to trigger an 808?
Has anyone used this for Ableton? AND can you assign specific keys for the 3 buttons. For Ex: "up" "down" "enter"
Would I be able to have 2 of these running at the same time on the same machine for controlling Guitar Rig 5?
I play an Akia EWI USB and I wanted to use this to access the different voices and setting on Sample Tank on my PC. Can this be programed to do that?
Does the keyboard just sit on this stand? this is for my 6 year old-will she knock it off while playing?
How much is the max weight it will hold?
Would this stand work for my Casio PX-110 keyboard? My old stand (CS-65) broke and thought I would try this easily portable version. Thank you!
will my old Casio CTK-541 fit on this and is it adjustable (height)?
can you use this for yamaha keyboard 88 key
What is the depth of the top and bottom legs (ie, how far from a wall would the keyboard &amp; stand extend)?
Does this stand bring the piano keys 28 1/8 inches from the floor?
What are the various heights the keyboard can be adjusted to?
Does this work for a Casio PX-130 keyboard? Thanks!
What are the dimensions of the assembled product (what size of the box does it come in along with)? What is the weight of this product? Thanks!!
How do you upgrade the symbols and what are the heads? been reading the reviews
I am an Adult; I want to start playing drum. Is this drum a good choice for adults?
is this good for a 10 year old?
what is the size of the base from ground up to the top of the drum
is this acoustic or electric
I must have this delivered between Oct 23-25, what would be the best time to order this. New Drum Set Full Size Adult 5-piece Complete Metallic Blue w
how soon can I receive this 7 pc drum set if shipped to (NJ)?
what is the weight of the item
How Is The Sound Quality of The Drums &amp; Cymbals?
I have a headphone NOT made by Shure and was wondering if these ear pads would fit, they measure 3-1/4" in round by 1/16" thick where the pads go on.
Is this HPAEC840 ear cushion as soft as BOSE QC15 ear pad ? Or the AE2 series?
Can these fit the M50x
I see these are linked to the turtle beach 500x for xbox one and i was curious if these are a suitable replacement?
Would these fit HiFiMan 560's?
Are they leather?
I have some Everglide 500s. Will any of these fit (please specify style)? They are slightly oval, 4.25 x 4.5 inches (or about 110mm)
Audio Technica ATHM50
Does this fit the ath-m50?
Will these fit a pair of Audio Techinica ATH-M50's?
does it work with Shure SRH750DJ?
What are the similarities and difference between 440 and 840?
What are the dimentions please ?
how many bolt neck is this..basicily buy this.buy the right size neck and pickups.put it together..i looked in 60's don't have this finish
Were is this product made
is it a one piece body? and hows the finish on the neck and body?
i want the exact natural finish with a 9.5 raduis c-shape neck..where can i get one..do they make one
Do they make these with a c-shape neck
are theses active speakers and are they great quality?
I am trying to decide between the B215D and a Mackie Thump12- anyone?
Does these speakers come with power cords or do you have to order seperately?
can you connect your iphone?
Would 2 of these suffice for a prom? Aprox 350+ people at a venue with high ceilings.
is this price for the pair of them
Can i get spare parts for this unit.
why do they keep tripping
may i know if the price is for a pair or single . thanks
What are the input/aux capabilities? Can i run TV through these?
where is this manufactured?
Can this Korg product record three or four tracks, so I can record and play myself playing trios and quartets?
Does it have vocal effects? Im looking for a Tame Imapala kind of sound
It doesn't have a USB port. How do you get the "songs" on a computer?
Does it come with an AC adapter? If I have to buy one separately, does anyone know which one to get?
I create a 30 minute DVD for our business each year and need 100 copies/year. Will this device serve my needs?
If the original source disc is a DVD-R or a DVD-RW, can you use a DVD+R disc to copy to? Or do you have to use the same type in both drives?
Can Music Tracks Be Selected TO Burn Onto Blank Disc Without USE OF COMPUTER
does it burn rental dvd's ?
can i copy photographs on dvd plus and minus or rw
can i make dvd copies of my 8mm video cassettes with the copystars unit
I am sure that my duplicator should copy faster than 1 x 1, but i am unable to get my machine to do it despite using the manual, and numerous attempts
I have heard that there are some on the market that can't duplicate DVDs longer than 110 min. Is this an issue with this machine?
Is it dual voltaje ?
Is this a Tube Amp?
will this work with any guitar
Does this little guy have a direct out?
will this work with any guitar
Does this have a Line Out that can plug into an audio interface for recording into a DAW? (Digital Audio Workstation)
Anyone know if using the extension jack shuts off the built in speaker? Can't find the info anywhere and need to make a call on a 2x10 or a 1x15.
does it work with 220V power supply?
Is it loud enough for rehearsal in metal band?
Where are the handles for lifting it?
How does it handle active pickups? Other site's reviews were not good when using a bass with active pickups
Is this model USA-made?
You can turn the effects completely off, right?
we need a practice amp for both guitar and bass. its for a small space. can this one handle bass w\o dying? how about elec drums?
Is this model compatible with Orange footswitch FS-1?
would this be a good amp to get for someone interested in playing hard rock/metal ie; metallica, children of bodom,or maybe three days grace/disturbed
Dumb question but i just want to make sure this balck one ?
Does it come with cable? If not what kind of cable do i need for this
Will it have decent sound if i use BOSS DS-1 Distortion with it?
Can this work as a monitor for an electric drum?
How many dB is this amp?
Could I play my guitar through this amp without hurting it?
What kind of input voltages does it support? Would it require a transformer to use with different voltages?
Is this amp orange or black?
Is it an orange color?
can I use the line out to connect this amp with an extra bass cabinet?
Does this have a direct line out for recording?
Is loud enough for a big show ? 500 people
It's loud enough to a live gig?
Is this the RI or original?
Does the Deluxe Reverb have tilt back legs on it like the 65 Twin?
Is this amp suitable for practice? How is the tone at lower levels of volume? At low volumes does it still have advantage over solid state? Thanks
Where this amp is made?
does the reverb work with channel 1(normal) or only with the vibrato channel
Can I connect a midi keyboard (Alesis Vortex midi keytar) to the microkorg and use that to play the sounds ?
does it come with an A/C adaptor?
can you hook it up to a guitar amp? If so, how and which amp would be best.
Are these hard thumping speakers
What would be an appropriate amplifier for these speakers?
Can these speakers be used as normal room speakers like home theater?
Can you connect another speaker to each one of these using the other "input"
this price of 324.99 is for both or each speaker and another question is 1200 watts for both or each speaker?
is it a pair
Passive?
Is there a way I could put these on a tripod or are they to heavy?
Are these speakers but with access to mount on to speaker stands?
Will it work through my line six amp or do I need to use the fbv as well. Only asking because my boss pedals do not work as well through my line 6
mine didn't come with the 9v power cable and the wah wah effect doesn't work.
Wherecan I get a charger?
Is this compatible with windows 7?
The header says OS x (mac) but under platform, and sys requirements it says only windows. Does it work on Mac? Thanks
Is this compatible with Windows 8?
I think I got a virus downloading TEST TRIAL.. i LIKE THE PRODUCT CAN i GET CD RATHER THAN DOWNLOAD
Would this software be user friendly for the creation of audiobooks? I need to edit hundreds of takes together and also soften a few P-pops.
Is this controller compatible with Mainstage3?
Are the faders motorized?
Can it transpose and have an audio out jack to plug into an extra speaker or another mixer?
what generation/make is this?
where's the software that needs to be installed from a disc? Or do i have to go another route
So does this come with xpand 2 software? On there maudio site it says they do but its not listed here? Wouldn't that be a good selling point?
what is the last drivers because no work in win 7 no work in fl studio or cubase
Does this work with the Ipad? Thanks.
Is this compatible with Mac OS 10.9 Mavericks? It says only 10.4 or 10.5 but this copy might be old. Thanks
What stand should I buy that will support this, I don't have a desk for it.....
What size is the nut?
Where is it made?
How tall is this guitar from the top of the head to the bottom of the body in inches?
what kind of stings does it have?
Can I buy belt for my Thorens TD190 in Amazon?, Thanks
Will this belt fit a JVC AL-A151?
Will this fit a Garrard Zero 100?
need replacement belt for stanton str8-50, but I cannot find specs anywhere... current old belt measures 5mm by 24.5" but its old and seems a bit loos
will this fit my Pioneer PL-202AZ
Will this belt work on my accutech AMC-4914 player?
Will this belt fit a Pioneer PL51a?
Will this fit a Benjamin Miracord turntable?
will a 23.6 inch belt work as a substitute for a player that needs a 23.3 inch belt?
Am I looking for the 23.6" or 25" belt for my Sony PS-LX250H?
How old should the kid be?
does the kit include a snare for the snare drum?
Is this a good size for a 5 year old?
What's the height dimensions
What are the dimensions of the box it comes in?
What are the overall dimensions for the set?
i am in a band but i am also a beginner
if i was in a pop band would this be a good tune to go with an electric gitaur,acoustic gitaur,keyboard, and does it have an amp plug in
How long has this drum set lasted for you?
its weight?
Is it a dual voltage item for 110V U.S. &amp; 220V Europe?
would this be a good system to play music at tailgate party
I downloaded the manual from Fender's web page and it sates that it comes with the dual voltage selector switch in the back panel. Is this correct?
What are the shipping dimensions?
shipping to israel?
Just got one. It works fine with acoustic guitars but the volume is way too low on electric guitars. Did I do anything wrong?
Can you ship it to Brazil? If so, is it still free shipping?
How long are the speaker cables?
how can i disable the surge protector? It shuts off even when I don't have it very loud
I am assuming that you can plug in your ipod through the USB ports or is there an input jack for that?
drums: Any suggestions?
What age group do you think it is?
Is the color a wine red or a bright red? The picture make it look more like an orange color.
about how big is the box the drum set ships in inches, thanks
I would like to know how many boxes does this drum set ship in
Can you take the resonator off?
what kind of strings are on it?
Can this banjo be tuned to play like a four-string if desired? (Can all five-strings be tuned as four-strings)?
I'm left handed and it is really hard for me to play regular banjos so I would like to know If this banjo comes in a "left-handed" variety version.
IS this too big for a 7 year old boy? Should I go with a travel size or 3/4 size?
A lot of beginner banjos get out of tune the higher up the frets you go. How is the tuning as you go up the neck?
can a tall child play this instrument?
Are the strings easy to break? I've only been playing this banjo a couple days and a string already broke.
I'm overseas at an APO address. Sometimes our packages get pretty banged up. Is the packaging sturdy enough for overseas shipping?
What case should I buy for this banjo?
Could these 3 items be successfully used at meetings for people with very soft voices?
how do you put the microphone and stand together
Can this be plugged into a boom box (CD player( for amplification?
is the stand capable of holding yeti usb pro? It's a little over a pound without a shock mount.
The photo of the plug looks weird. Is it a standard pin type that will fit most amps, or is it some type of five pin?
If I buy this with the Danelectro N10B Honey tone Mini Amp is that all I need to make this into a working microphone and stand for my grandson?
Is there a USB port to connect a computer for music?
Thinking of buying this mostly for outdoor movies for 10 to 30 people. Connect to a computer. Any thoughts or better alternatives?
I teach zumba in a school gym. Will the 150 be sufficient for my needs?
I recently purchased a Passport 150 and love it. I am dying to hook up a monitor to it. Is there any way to make this happen? THANKS!
weight
is there a CD player and does it have MP3 input and wireless head set input. thankyou
how I can open it for repair?
What about a mic?
Need to replace a speaker for my Fender 150 Pro Passport. Do you sell parts separately?
Does this product work well when two mics and two guitars are hooked up? I hear that it is bad to have a mic and guitar on the same channel...
Hi, will it work with 220 and 110 volts?
i am a female vocalist. Is it good for entertaining
I understand it works fine with acoustic guitars. How does it sound with electric guitars?
I teach zumba in an elementary school gym. Will this model be better to play music on OR could I get away with the cheaper Passport 150?
does it come with all the wires needed to plug in the mixer and speakers?
I'm using a Sennheiser G3 w/ lav mic and getting a terrible feedback loop w/ Passport 300. No issue w/ Senn. handheld however. Any tips/settings?
I am looking for the clips that hold the speakers to the control box of this unit. Can you help on this? I broke one side at the lip on the base.
I am looking to get this for Seminars etc Often we record these on video as well. Is there an output to run to my Cam or H6 to record the Audio?
Can I connect a laptop to the 300 and play music?
HI there - does it have phantom power?
Will this send the USB as individual channels to the computer, or is it just one "glob"?
The rebate forms say they are for the PROFX16 &amp; PROFX22. Nothing about the PROFX12 ???????
How do I make adjustments on the USB port of the mixer? it is super sensitive using a laptop it's like really loud even at just the slightest level???
Can you use combinations of more than a single effect?, i.e., can you use Chorus &amp; Delay combined or only either Chorus by itself or Delay by itself?
I bought a Mackie ProFX8 mixer and noticed that the "Mackie" name was not on the mixer but saw other pics with it on. What's up with that? I hope i didn't get a fake.
Can I use this unit for skype like conference meeting?
Is this mixer rack mountable, and if so, how many spaces does it take up?
Does it really have 12 channels? I see faders labeled 5/6, 6/7 etc... can I physically plug in twelve different mic/instrument cables at once?
compose music, using instruments, vocals, etc. Combining ProFX Series Effects to enhance final songs, is what I see this PROFX12 doing-correct?
does this have a problem with whine in the usb connection?
Is this a good choice for karaoke mixer? (I don't play musical instruments of DJ)
Is it possible to use a USB mic into this mixer as input? I want mixer to receive the audio. Is that possible or is USB only for output?
Could this be used to control a DAW or Software Mixer? Or would a MIDI contoller be best?
How many inputs does this present to the computer? Do you see all 8 channels or just the stereo main mix?
Can i run this through a midi controller such as the denon mc6000 to play though to my powered speakers?
I want to record a podcast with at most 6 people including myself, and I'm going to plug this mixer into my laptop and record the podcast. Doable?
is the problem with the actual USB connection or just getting it to pair up with the computer? thanks
Knowing this mixer is designed for live (concerts/events) mixing, would it be unwise to purchase this for home studio use with Presonus Studio One 2?
Can I bring in PC Audio through the USB connection as an input?
How much is delay in Windows, when it is used like a audio interface?
Can I hook these to a mixer and then run a cable from one of them to a sub on the floor?
I wonder if the box is multi-voltage, or if there is the possibility of converting?
do the tri-pod come with the speaker thats for sale for the one price
How many speakers are delivered? I see one here and two on the images displayed
I have a pair of 15A's but somewhere along the way the screws that lock it on the stands fell out. Can anyone tell me the proper screw size?
Anyone use it with ipad software like drumstudio foe example?
Can ypou assign your own music to be sampled?
Besides fl studio and ableton what's other software that's compatible with this?
does this mpd work with FL Studio 11
Do I need an interface in order to hook this up to ProTools/ableton?
I have read some talking about VIsta &amp; 7. Please tell me, this is compatible with Windows 8 &amp; 8.1, isn't it? It's a present, so pls answ asap, THX.
Can I control an Alesis Drum machine with this and add a foot controller? I read it has a standard Midi Out?
will you ship to the UK?
Im loving the mpd 26 but i still do not know what the nobs and faders are for and how i can use them in FL Studio.. please help
is this compatable with the Presonus AudioBox Studio with Headphones, Microphone, Mic Cable, USB Cable, and StudioOne Artist Software package
Could you hook up a ukulele and a keyboard together through this amp?
Will one of the inputs accept a stereo signal? I'm asking about an 8-string guitar that I have a Y-cable for, it combines the bass and guitar signals
Would a single one of these speakers be sufficient for a medium size outdoor gig (Wedding, reception, bonfire, etc) ?
Is the transformer to 13 V included? Is this transformer universal 110 Vac - 220 Vac?
Has anyone tried this with an electric guitar and pedal set-up? If so, how well does it sound (depth etc.)?
Has anyone used this with electronic drums? I was considering the KC 550 but it's weight and size are a problem. Is this a good substitute?
Can I plug a mono instrument into one of the inputs and still use both speakers?
I do not see pan controls... so how is this truly stereo? I have left and rights out from my keyboard... need stereo output...
How long does it work on battery power?
Anyone try an acoustic bass through this amp? As long as you don't get greedy with the low end, does it handle it?
How heavy is it ??
COUNTRY THAT WAS MADE GUITAR
Will I receive the guitar in the original unopened Squier carton? And what date of manufacture can I expect? 2013?
Can you mic your guitar thru VL3G instead of using a pickup?
Does it come with the power supply?
Guitar thru has alot of buzz, and makes my Marshall sound like a transistor radio,very low volume. Switched out all cables,did a factory reset,etc.
I am running my Vocalist 3 through my acoustic amp with my guitar. It keeps dropping out. Does it have to run through a mixer and then a PA?
is the xlr out (left and right) on this digitech vl3 female or male?
will this work well with a bass guitar?
Will this work with a keyboard through the guitar in via 1/4 in plug? Using fairly simple Yamaha.
My Country's voltage is 220v. Can I get an AC adapter with that voltage for this DigiTech VL3G Vocalist Live 3?
If I have this do I need an in-line tuner? How visible is the tuner, can it be seen in the dark while standing up?
Is this thing as poorly designed as their Digitec Jammam, or does this thing work properly ?
This Pedal includes power supply?
Can you customize the individual effects? For example the dry/wet mix? or change the speed for effects like tremolo?
Im new in this, so, i need to know some things about this, can i set: distortion chorus and reverb and use the right pedal as a wah?(just for example)
Can you attach other fx pedals (the ones w/o actual pedals, but the fx knobs) to it?
Can you stack modulation effects with this pedal or is it one at a time?
Can you select the order of the effects with this device? For example: compression, then overdrive, then modulation, then reverb/delay?
I see people are unhappy about the sound from it when you go through an amp. Can you use it as a volume pedal alone to run through an amps effects?
can i save my loops ?
Orderd me25, will haul it around daily, thinking hard case ze-hc18 inter.dimen.12.4x9.6x4.5 foam lined. thoughts?
How to make more versatile for gigging?
what note is played?
what is the rolled up blue sticks in the main picture?
Does this come with a cushion
will it fit my epipohne cj 200 ?
Will this bag fit a Gibson Epiphone PR 200 NA? That is all I found written in the guitar!
Does it fit the Epiphone PR-5E? loose or just right?
Will this Gigbag fit the Epiphone PR 150
Does it fit a Dr-100?
Does it come with a foot switch?
Does this model have a headphone jack?
I had the earlier version G-dec 3 which had drum and bass tracks without the band tracks. can g-dec 30 do same?
How come my amp headphones work but speaker has no volume?
I presume the amp comes in the original box with cd software and the sound card.
Do you have any of the software with the amp?
Does it record your music? Does the G-DEC thirty record your music?
Is it loud enough to play with an acoustic group in a moderate sized church?
can you plug mic into
I have a vocopro da1000pro mixer I use for karaoke, would this amplifier be a good match for this mixer? Any help would be greatly appreciated. Thank you. Connie
how much does the bowl weigh? Wondering if it is too heavy to use on a client to lay on their heart chakra for healing while playing. I have another 5.5" bowl with good sound, but very heavy.
Where was this particular bowl made?
What is the material?
Is this made out of 7 different medals representing the 7 planets?
Does this come with a mallet?
I would like to know the exactly materials that this bowl is made of . Please let me know as soon as you can. Thank you.
does this come with the cushion?
On the harmonic scale, What tone does this bowl fall into? Note C being the lowest and B being the highest?
Does this item have lead in it?
do you have an audio for this bowl? Is it tuned for a specific chakra?
If I buy this I'll be playing with it an Orange Micro Terror 20 watt head. With this head, how loud could I get?
Is this 8 or 16 ohms?
What make/model speaker is in it and is the cab closed back?
How wide across is the top? and how deep? or what is the measurement of the top? thank you.
Can I buy 2 of these and run them throught a 400watt head 4 ohm?
Using the Orange Micro Terror, would it be loud enough for a good sized gym?
what footswitch goes with the kg212fx
Is it loud enough to fill apretty good sized gym? Also, how does the clean channel sound?
i have been saving my money for a while. i play like school talent shows and small gigs will this amp cut it?
How loud can it get while staying clean?
Ohms? Will this amp work and sound good if I use the the 2 Marshall cabinets?
Can I use head phones with this?
Will this amp drive a single Kustom PA monitor whos requirements are 60W RMS, 120W peak?
Does the USB connection output to seperate tracks, or is it all mixed together into one track?
Is all routing of signals/effects done within mixer, or do I need balanced &amp; unbalanced lines with quarter inch plugs? Not talking external effects?
How does this get to 18 inputs?
I am looking for a great mixer like this that I can throw in a cabnet for on the go. Like a rackmount. will this do that?
Does this BEHRINGER XENYX X1832USB mixer come with a 1) power cord 2) usb cord 3) owners manual?
Is this a powered mixer?
does this mixer come with phantom power or ???
DOES IT COME WITH THE RACK MOUNTS?
does it support multirack recording bychanel via USB using a DAW.? how many tracks can be recorded simultaneously??
Does the SUB output have a built-in crossover? If it only sends low-frequency sounds to the SUB channel, is the exact cutoff selectable?
Does the USB output allow multi-track recording or is it just the mixed output signal?
I Purchased this mixer (Behringer XENYX X2222) on Dec2014, I noticed that there is a noise and also it has less signal (volume), does it has guarantee
Can you send from insert jacks on the back to 8 inputs on an AI pre-efx (clean)?
Dear pros, I wanted to know whether this mixer has built in amplifier? I play djembe, &amp; want to connect to this mixer &amp; output to a passive speaker.
how many rack spaces will it take up on a slant top rack?
can i connect this to the dj mixer essentially to have more mic inputs ?
Which 4 preamp mic inputs are phantom capable? And are all 4 phantom specific or will each input step down if I put a dynamic mic on it?
Will this fit in a 19in rack if so how many vertical spaces will it take?
I am new to this, to hook speakers to this will I need an Amp?
how to connect this with yamaha RX677 AV amp
I do not see a headpne plug. My headset has attached boom, o e xlr plug and one jacj plug?
Does this require a separate preamp to power passive speakers or will the onboard preamp do? If so, what's the watt rating on the internal preamp?
conected mixer main out to amp but humming noice comes,why
i conect my PC earphone out to 2 tack input &amp; output from mixer i took from 2 track out(becos dont have XLR caode)&amp; give to amp,but no sound come why
can this be used for mobile dj ing with a cd mixer
How to connect this mixer to a macbook air? Thanks!
Can you use sub woofer on seperate channel to adjust sub levels?
are the inputs 1/4 inch mono? and is there a mono output? or just stereo
i dont have windows or mac. Can I just use this for live sets without installing the cd
Does the wire have memory, ie, is it hard to straighten?
Does this wire holds its shape? I need 1mm wire to make pushrods for my rc plane.
What is the product weight? Amazon lists 1.6oz, but I compute 4oz by density.
Does this wire holds its shape? I need 1mm or .037in wire to make pushrods for my rc plane
Lets say i got this wire and hung 500 pounds off of it would it hold?
how thick is it? Is it as thick as a Quarter or thicker?
Will this wire rust?
is this actual string for pianos?
Is this wire the same as used for forming fish hooks?
How bendable is this wire when comparing it to, lets say, a clothes hanger?
Does the wire have memory, ie, is it hard to straighten?
Does this wire holds its shape? I need 1mm wire to make pushrods for my rc plane.
What is the product weight? Amazon lists 1.6oz, but I compute 4oz by density.
Does this wire holds its shape? I need 1mm or .037in wire to make pushrods for my rc plane
Lets say i got this wire and hung 500 pounds off of it would it hold?
how thick is it? Is it as thick as a Quarter or thicker?
Will this wire rust?
is this actual string for pianos?
Is this wire the same as used for forming fish hooks?
How bendable is this wire when comparing it to, lets say, a clothes hanger?
Does the wire have memory, ie, is it hard to straighten?
Does this wire holds its shape? I need 1mm wire to make pushrods for my rc plane.
What is the product weight? Amazon lists 1.6oz, but I compute 4oz by density.
Does this wire holds its shape? I need 1mm or .037in wire to make pushrods for my rc plane
Lets say i got this wire and hung 500 pounds off of it would it hold?
how thick is it? Is it as thick as a Quarter or thicker?
Will this wire rust?
is this actual string for pianos?
Is this wire the same as used for forming fish hooks?
How bendable is this wire when comparing it to, lets say, a clothes hanger?
Does the wire have memory, ie, is it hard to straighten?
Does this wire holds its shape? I need 1mm wire to make pushrods for my rc plane.
What is the product weight? Amazon lists 1.6oz, but I compute 4oz by density.
Does this wire holds its shape? I need 1mm or .037in wire to make pushrods for my rc plane
Lets say i got this wire and hung 500 pounds off of it would it hold?
how thick is it? Is it as thick as a Quarter or thicker?
Will this wire rust?
is this actual string for pianos?
Is this wire the same as used for forming fish hooks?
How bendable is this wire when comparing it to, lets say, a clothes hanger?
Does the wire have memory, ie, is it hard to straighten?
Does this wire holds its shape? I need 1mm wire to make pushrods for my rc plane.
What is the product weight? Amazon lists 1.6oz, but I compute 4oz by density.
Does this wire holds its shape? I need 1mm or .037in wire to make pushrods for my rc plane
Lets say i got this wire and hung 500 pounds off of it would it hold?
how thick is it? Is it as thick as a Quarter or thicker?
Will this wire rust?
is this actual string for pianos?
Is this wire the same as used for forming fish hooks?
How bendable is this wire when comparing it to, lets say, a clothes hanger?
Is this made in USA?
Does this offer include warranty?
Can this record 6 individual tracks to be mixed at a later time?
Can this record (add) one track while play one or more previously recorded tracks?
Does this record to discrete files for each channel on the sd card for mixdown externally, or does one have to mixdown to stereo to save files?
Can this be powered from a 12V automobile battery or a cigarette lighter socket if I had the had the right cable? Making a cable is no problem for me.
Will this one work with 220v?
Need to record audio from 6 wireless lav mics (simultaneously recording to 6 separate files). Is this unit meant for my use case?
Is this unit user friendly
Now that Tascam has announced a DR-680 Mk II, what are the advantages of upgrading for people who already own the DR-680? Worth the cost?
Does it come with rack mount brackets?
Is USB output driven from main only? Is any chance to pilot usb from sub-channels? Thanks
When using the usb feature, are you able to see each channel in your program? e.g. Pro Tools, Audacity, Mixcraft, etc.
How much does it weigh?
My USB out is only mono. The manual is very unfriendly. Help?
greetings is amplified or passive
is this 110 or 220 volt
Can I use this with the Zoom r16 (audio interface) to record the seperate channels on Cubase?
hi can u connect dvd player or cd walkman to it please let me no
hi can i used it with my onkyo 838 and my mr dj psd 3000 speakers please let me no iam very new to this thank you
How is it powered? Can it use 110 V or 220 V either?
where do i download the program for it or does it come with one
is compatible with HP laptop?
does it come with a microphone
What type of USB cable do I need to hook this up to my laptop?
The console works with Windows 7? Can I to record or save my own mixes like mp3 files in my computer?
If I had a MIC set up on this system, would I be able to "edit" or "change" the sound of my voice in real-time, or do I have to make a recording?
Can this be easily used in Australia with 240v power supply? What would I need?
Can i stream music from smartphone or PC via cable to this unit?
On the backside, where it says THRU, is that the output?
How would I hook up a hard disc recorder for recording thru this?
Can I plug my DVD player directly into the speakers or do I need to buy a mixer?
I plan to use this a home karaoke setup in a 12x20 living room. Will the vocals be reproduced fine on the speaker?
Does this speaker mount on a standard mic stand, or do you have to use a boom mic stand? Can someone please describe HOW it mounts?
When using as a monitor off the PA. Can I run my mike through the B205D the output to PA &amp; loop back or do I need a D.I. box?
How do I hook a behringer 302usb mixer to the euroliveb205d?
what do you need to chain two of these together?
can you attach a strap to this guitar?
Does this use standard guitar strings?
does this guitar have the ability to use a strap? Does the strap come with it?
This guitar is no guitar bag, strap or digital tuner?
Does anyone know if this works with Chord Buddy? Thanks
Does this come with the strings on it?
Is this guitar for "leftys" I have a left handed daughter
How many inches is it... can a 7 year old play it?
Will these fit a Gibson Les Paul Future Tribute?
I have a '63 Gibson SG. Same pot size? I'm 98% sure.
My '83 Kramer Pacer has a broken speed knob, and these look identical -- anyone know whether they'll fit?
will these fit an epiphone tribute plus?
If I buy it today January 11, 2014. When it will arrive?
Does Amazon include any accessories with this fender VM amp; like cover and footswitch?
does this amp com with a footswitch
does the fender deluxe VM come with a footswitch ?
How will these stands work with a 1.5 inch speaker mount?
How is the height adjusted?
Why are there two diameter dimensions? I have the europort epa900, will this work?
After 4 months, they are broken. Anyone knows about warranty on this?
these come as a pair for this price or just one?
Are these stands compatible with Portable Fender Passport Speakers?
Is it really made of Aluminum or it's steel like most of the stands at this price? what is the weight of one stand?
Is the top of the stand 35mm or 40mm? Will this SNUGLY fit a pair of Behringer EUROLIVE B212D without wobble/issues?
are the compatible with fender passport speakers?
Is this stand compatable with JBL eon 15" standard speaker cabinets?
Can you put nylon strings on this guitar? Can you recommend a nylon string? Local store recommended not to put nylon on steel string guitar.
I'm left handed. Is this a right handed guitar
A lot of the reviews state that this is actually a full sized guitar. Is this the smaller 3/4 or not? Looking for use by an 8 year old.
Is this guitar for a 10 year old boy
I am 24 yrs (5 ft 8") and starting to learn guitar by taking tutorials from youtube. Can anyone tell me if this one is good for a start?
would a 5 year old be able to play this guitar?
What size case do you get for this guitar
(how big is a 1/2 classic guitar?
The description says 7/8 size but different posters have said full-sized or 3/4 size. Your answers also say 3/4 and 7/8. What size is it?
the guitar really have 8.4 pounds with all the package?
does the microphone work only with batteries.
does this have a long cord on the microphone
Can you just play a regular cd in your dvd player and sing along and just not have any words on the tv?
this is just the microphone you can attached to your tv or other device. there is no any karaoke application.
Can I use it with karaoke apps?
We have the ability to play Youtube through our tv via our blueray player. Could we just sing along to Youtube videos and not even use a DVD?
What are the differences between Tube and Solid States?
If I use an A/B switch, does it switch before the individual channel volumen pots (can I get 2 volumes using an A/B switch, like a clean boost)?
can you use both channels at the same time
Can an electric bass guitar be played through it without damaging the amp? If so, would it sound good compared to other similar bass amps?
Wattage: If I have a Vox AC15C1 Custom Series Tube Amp, how many people could I play with my band?
It's loud enough for a live concert o gig in a bar?
Can I use the "normal channel" as an auxiliary input? I woul like to be able to play a track on my phone through the amp while also playing the guitar
does the normal channel have treble and bass controls
specs
Pandora One streams at 192 kHz. How will this DAC perform with Pandora One?
What is the output impedance of the HRT music streamer 2? Will it be able to drive the ATH M50 headphones which has impedance of 38ohms?
Control volume in Windows 7? Some of the comments seem to imply that this is not possible... can someone who owns one and uses it with Win7 let me know?
What audio outputs does this model provide?
What is the output impedance of this device?
Can this DAC work via OTG adapter/cable with the Samsung S3 phone?
Can I plug my headphones into this via 3.5mm audio jack? Because I use only my headphones normally
What chip does it use. Is it a wolfson
Does it work with a Mac?
I want to put a kindle fire as my in dash receiver, is this compatible with kindles?
Have a AVIC 5000nex HU..where do I plug this in? Do I have to remove the HU again?
will this work with a AVHX6500DVD? And do I have to have this for anything on my stereo to work?
If this does not work with 1522 receiver , would you please point me to the one which works with 1522.
Can this be connected to car AUX and used as a microphone so the passengers can hear through the speakers what you're saying through the microphone?
This &iacute;tem is it compatible with AVH-P4450BT?
Will this work with a pioneer MVH-X360BT?
is it compatible with model Avh-200bt?
Will this work to calibrate a Pioneer DEH-80PRS car CD receiver?
I understood that Pioneer made two different mics . Did they and is their any difference?
Will this pioneer microphone work on my sc-1523-k receiver to calibrate my speakers?
Would you recommend this for a committed beginner?
Is there a way to repair a bent platter, or even more so, tighten down a platter?
Does this come with the NSFX DJ NS7 effects controller, and all necessary power/usb cables? The customer photo does not show these accessories...
I need more outputs, what do I do??
Does it come with a box?
im a dj just starting i just want learn to cut, stratch and blend music what system should i get
is there still insurance/warranty on this unit?
What would be the top 5 recommended DJ Software's to use with the Numark NS7FX? * NOT INCLUDING "VIRTUAL DJ" AND "SERATO ITCH" DJ SOFTWARE *
Does it come with any decent software? Not the limited 'demo' stuff
How good would this be for scratching from 1-10?
Can it produce any sound by itself? I need something that can at produce a decent pitch. It's for finding notes as well as MIDI.
So does this have a MIDI cable that is directly attached to be able to plug into an audio interface such as the Scarlett 2i4?
can this be connected to a line 6 UX1 interface?
Are the keys on this controller easy to push down? I really need easy-to-push keys. Thank you in advance. :)
can i use it to produce music like other dj/producers
include with bag?
will this work with Reason 7/8 for Imac osx mountain lion or yosemite?
How do I make the sound work? I have plugged this in and downloaded the software... when I plug int he USB cable nothing happens.
I bought this keyboard , but in the box did not found any software, I have the keyboard, but I dont have any software to use it. how I can get it?
Can I use this Keyboard to take piano lessons in Garageband?
what is the differance between the dm10 and dm10x. i have studdied and cant find a big diffrence
does it come with all the cables,everything out of the box to kickup and play,if not what is needed?
Two questions - First, does anyone use this with a double bass pedal? Any negatives stem from that? Also, can I add more pieces or is 9 the max?
How loud is it after the mesh head conversion? Bass drum especially
Any left-handed drummers out there? Are all pieces able to be easily switched around?
I have a tascam dm 24 portastudio. Can you record drum tracks to a portastudio with this unit?
Can you have someone else convert your kit to a mesh kit? I don't want to try and mess the whole thing up.
What actually comes with the 6 piece set? The accompanying photo looks like more than 6 pieces.
Do you ship to Poland?
Do the cymbals have a choke trigger or will I have to replace them with those Surg cymbals they show on the PRO kit?
im wondering if the case if have for my mixtrack pro will fit themixdeck?? I had to use spacers for my mixtrack so im wondering if it might just fit
Is this just the case or the complete system ( case with controller system)
Does this product come complete? Like program software , Power cords, and the hard case. If so I would love this item
Can I use this cable directly from sound mixer out to video camcorder for audio capture?
I knew that the blue yeti's are USB, but the driver is not stable, the microphone always keep disconnect under win8.1 system.How I do to use XLR ?
can I use this line to connect blue yeti pro microphone to my pc?
Does it have a 1/4" output for plugging into amp? When tuner is turned off does it still allow signal to pass to amp?
How fast is it? Will it give you a reading the moment you play a string, or is there a half-second delay, as on many tuners? Thanks.
Can this be powered with plug in power supply and will it stay on until turned off?
How to hook speakers up to mixer
Can this Power my Passive Speakers?
I am going to purchase three (Audio-Technica AT2020 USB Condenser USB Microphone) mics. Will these plug into this mixer? Sorry I'm brand new at this.
Does it come wih effects? Is it good?
Are you able to hear yourself thru headphones to monitor levels while recording thru the USB interface to a PC?
Can I use it with Logic Pro X?
Im interested in buying this. We have 6 mics, and need to record the audio from all of them to a laptop during meetings. Will this do what I need?
.1 how can i get the headphones to let me hear the mix with fx?
what does it sound like recording wise no hissing or static ?
m How do I get FX on the mic ONLY? I am trying to run the AUX sends channel out but I getting NO FX on the sound out? I do not see an FX out anywhere
is this cd the instrumental version?
Is this the script and the music? I was under the impression that the book was the script, and then a CD.
Does this come with the instrumental versions as well?
Can you plug this controller into sound module which is plugged into amp and NOT use computer at all? Midi out controller, Midi in sound module.
What is a good gig bag or case to fit this keyboard?
Are the keys weighted or is it too small of a keyboard to have any sort of weight on the keys? (I have a crappy keyboard and the keys feel very cheap
Does this controller work with Yosemite?
Can I plug earphones into the device so I can listen to what I am playing without anyone else having to hear?
How do you call program changes? I can make one change only and cant call it back or add any others.Dont understand manual.
Will this keyboard work with Windows 8 or 8.1?
Shipping for Brazil? Hou much? - Thanks!
Is it possible to connect a midi keytar to the UMX610 and play all the sounds from it through the keytar?
Is it possible to connect th midi keytar it to the Behringer UMX610and play all the sounds from the UMX610 through
I'm looking at using this with an acoustic electric bass. I see lots of comments about how great it makes guitars sound, but nothing about a bass.
It says Guitar System. How different it would work with a keyboard/synthesizer or electric violin?
Does this work with Nmh rechargeable batteries and if so what is the battery life?
Does this work with Nmh rechargeable batteries and if so what is the battery life?
I need to use this device in Mexico, would I have any problem with it? Are american frequencies the same as the Mexican ones?
Can you still use a effect pedal with this? And if so how do you hook it up?
Does the transmitter take 1 or 2 AA batteries? The description just says AA batteries
Does anyone have issues with the line of sight connection. Signal drop etc.
Does this wireless ship transmitter &amp; receiver together or ordered separably. Did you try this wireless on a double bass signal. is it a true bypass?
Does the transmitter make any pop sound when you turn ON or OFF the power switch? This is important since it doesn't have a mute button like the G50.
Can the wireless and wired controls be connected at the same time, giving you the choice of using one or the other? Are there two connections?
Is there a timer function on this remote?
what controls are on this device? Does It duplicate all the same functions of the wired remote?
can this be used out of doors?
Is this good with the ADJ mini fog?? or would it be harmful to it?
Does it smell/has strong vapors? I heard that some liquids emit strong vapors that make people cough when used indoors.
can you have snow ball fights with this? or snow angels?
Can this be used in the American DJ bubble machine?
Can you tell me the width and length? Thanks.
What color/finish does the "wood" have on this piano?
can I connect it to external speakers? does it have a powerful enough emplifier for that?
Can you play this digital with the one finger courd -- or it is called Easy Play music.
Does this have a key transposer?
Does this piano have volumn control?
Does this piano have extra voices (e.g., bass and drums) to make a virtual "piano trio?" And does it allow import of midi files for these voices?
Does it also support 220V so that it can work abroad or would it require a converter?
What is the shipping fee for this piano to Chendler Arizona
Does this include a bench?
What size is the guitar?
Left handed or Right Handed Guitar: Is this a left handed or right handed guitar??
hola que tipo de cuerdas debo comprar para esta guitarra
Did anyone else not receive picks?
Does the bag have a strap and/or pockets?
It says it is a Squier, but pictured is a Fender?
Does the guitar come with the strings on it?
Does this guitar need to be set up?
What items did the guitar actually include? The description says its a Tuner, Picks, and Gig-bag. Is there a strap as well?
I did not Notice that the mustang bridge has No adjustment screws on top of the separate barrels for fine tuning or intonation.? I hope I spelled that
What is the string radius of this bridge?
Do I need any other parts to go with this bridge for my jazzmaster
this bridge with a Squier jazzmaster works smoothly?
im considering buying a squier vintage modified jazzmaster and was told to purchase this bridge to replace the stock bridge, will it work?
Would this bridge work on my Fender Jaguar thinline special edition?
this bridge will work on a jaguar american vintage '62?
Looking at getting this for my Son who fly fishes and has a pontoon. Will this work for hauling the pontoon to the water over rugged terrian?
What is the measurement across on the two upright handles? I need to slide a keyboard between them?
Are the wheels made of hard plastic or slightly rubberized - like the wheels on travel bags? Is it noisy when moving along a concrete surface?
Can you use the Multi-Media 2-Teir Shelf for the R2?
Is the R2 the lightest? What kind of wrench do I need to buy?
There are so many choices, so many wheel differences. How do you figure out which to get? I live in an apartment and want to haul groceries.
when using a longer dolly do the screws fit into pre-placed groves or do you tighten it up and hope it will not separate while hauling a 150# load?
Looking for a cart I can pack in my suit case and use to haul luggage and carseats through the airport. Would this work? Will it fit in a suitcase?
Does this require any assembly?
Some of the photos show inflatable wheels and others show rigid plastic ... which is it?
Can someone give me the measures on the block? I really wouldnt like to have the block standing outside the cavity.
my fender tremolo arms will not thread in,the hole also appears to be on an angle instead of perpendicular
Isn't this the exact bridge on a MIM strat?
i need a full non tappered tremelo block to fit my 2004 american standard strat, can you help?
does this come with the block too?
didn't realize how much stuff was missing on this item. What mounting hardware, tremolo claw, and tremolo springs are needed/compatible?
Would this fit on a Squire Bullet Strat?
So is this an american strat bridge or MIM?
Which tremolo arm goes with this?
WIill this work as a replacement for a silvertone guitar? Thanks!
How long is the gooseneck ?
Does this lamp come with an A/C external power source?
What is the dimension of the lamp hood? Also, is there a dimming feature or dim modes?
does this product clip on a music stand?
Is there a Light Cradle that is compatible with Mighty Bright Orchestra Light
Can I use this on a grand piano and will it light 2 pages of music that are side by side on the music stand
How bright is this lamp? How many lumens?
does it clip onto pianos?
When plugged into the AC adaptor, do the batteries recharge?
I would like to use this as a reading light. How wide can the clip open? I would like to clip on to a 3/4" thick wood surface.
does it come with to sticks?
what is the head made of?
Hi there! Just wondering about the tone of this drum. Is it low or high? Is it similar to a native american drum or does it have a higher pitch?
This might sound dumb, but does it come with instructions? I want to use it for meditation......but I'm new to drums.
Just bought an Epiphone Ultra 339... will this fit and if so, what Bigsby Tremolo should I order with it?
Will it fit on my PRS McCarty?
is it les paul adaptable???
Does it work well with an epiphany dot. Do you have to drill any screw holes. Thanks
Does this come with the Bigsby as well? Or is it just pictured so you know what to use it with?
What is the input power requirement........? does it have an universal adapter ?
Does this come with the 1/4 inch cables?
Does this pedalboard come with the power cables?
2 questions really. Do your pedals stick to it? If not, does it come with Velcro?
Is the board power input 110-240v or just 110? I currently live in a place that uses 220V, but will be back to the US for the 110V soon.
what is the dimension of this board ?
What are the interior dimensions? - total length; body length; upper, middle, and lower bout; and thickness
Does the lid being closed on the case affect the Bigbsy vibrato, as like put stress on the strings when closed , or is their plenty of room for bigbsy
Will this case fit the g5135 cvt (corvette) model?
Will you recommend the case for air travel? Can you put a lock on it?
Would this case fit an Electromatic Sparkle Jet?
Will this case fit a gretsch G5570. I believe its a duo jet, Elliott Easton model.
Would this case fit the G2202 Junior Jet Electric Bass?
would this fit a 1964 corvette?
would this fit an electromatic pro jet 125th anniversary ?
would this fit an electromatic pro jet 125th anniversary ?
Is this a hard case?
I don't know where the measurments 23.4 X 19.3 came from. What is that supposed to mean. The bag was 17.5 X 13.2 I got the Jumbo in the bag . It was stretched to the limit. And actually was not made for a Jumbo.
How long iss this gig bag. do you think a epiphone ej200 jumbo will fit in it?
Can u sling this case over your shoulder to carry it on your side or just backpack style straps?
does this gig bag have a lock ?
Will this work as a carry-on for flights or does it need to be checked in? Thanks!
Will a '59 reissue R9 fit into this case?
Will this fit a Charvel Desolation DS-1? It's a Les Paul Body style but I'm not sure how close to an LP it really is.
Will the case fit a Gretsch Duo Jet (single cut)?
Anyone know if it will it fit a 71 reissue gibson double cutaway?
would strat fit? (this is cheaper then strat models)
will it fit an epiphone special 2 or 1
Will this size meet maximum restrictions on cargo baggage for airlines?
Is this case sturdy enough for a 3 stop plane trip?
Will this case fit a fender areodyne jazz bass.
Will this fit s 50's series danelectro electric guitar?
will my dillon jazzmaster?
Will this fit the Fender Squier Vintage Modified Baritone Jazzmaster??
Will a Squier short scale Jaguar bass fit in this case?
Does anyone know if this would fit a Fender Toronado?
will this fit the jag-stang?
Does this case come with two keys? Can additional keys be made?
Is this model the 'AI' Version?
Can it come in a flight case?
Is the model "AL" version??
can you hook up external monitor on the board (display)
Planing to send to India, is this mixer can work 220 voltage? pls. advise.
studiolive 24.4.2: while you are recording can you also run this live ie: live 24 channels and still record all 24 inputs at the same time?
Is there anyway I get get training on this board
How do I get mono sound? I have ONE cube, a HOSA Audio Signal Selector, and 1/4" cable/splitter, but it sounds like half of a stereo image, not mono with some instruments almost completely dropped out. Can anyone recommend a better setup?
Does this come with an amplifier?
Q1: Just switching to Mono (Izotope Ozone 5) in my DAW using my main monitors will not produce the same results? Q2: Headphone out to TS or TRS cable?
Is the better to purchase two of these monitors (left and right balance) or try to work with one? Thanks for the help! lowbitlogic.com
What are the dimensions of this item?
Does it have weighted keys?
Will this work in Europe with 220 adapter?
does this piano have a playback feature?
Where do you find the MIDI cable?
How to use a computer with this piano: What can I use this for if I connect my laptop to this piano?
I noticed a few reviews claim the piano came without a bench. Can someone please confirm this for me?
Is this Casio AP420 Celviano Digital Piano compatible with Apple Computers?
Can this piano be used as a player piano with music stored on a thumb drive or cpu ? Are you limited to just the songs included in the piano?
I am looking for a piano to practice on, a regular piano with 88 keys. I don't understand the computer-related details and I don't need a bunch of extra electronic-type features. Would this item be appropriate for me to purchase?
What is the size in width, height, depth?
does it have a split keyboard
When I was moving, I lost the stand board of sheets. A small part under the pedals is missing too. Is there any way to get these parts?
what are the details of the included warranty?
Does this pedal work well/sound good with other analog pedals? I was considering getting this pedal, using it just for reverb at times.
Has anyone successfully used an analog distortion pedal in front of this Zoom unit?
I'm a newbie in this of music and a friend said that its better to buy an interface than an amp, this interface is usefull for me even without an amp?
It is sold with the ac power adapter?
Does it sound better then g1n and why? and how is it compared to g3? thanks in advance!
Does this product come with an auto wah feature and a manual wah? How about some kind of looper? Do these effects sounds as good as stand alone ped
Very new to all this and want to play it with a acoustic electric ukulele mostly just for fun. Will this produce things like chorus and flanger?
Can I use this as an interface? meaning connect my guitar directly to a computer via USB and record, or do I need smth else? Thans
Does it have a headphone jack on it or you do always need to run it through an amp?
Does it have a compressor? And can I turn on more than one effect at a time, like can I use compressor and delay together etc etc? Thanks for the help
Why kind of effects are on this AMP? Are there vocal effects for singing like reverb?
Can you plug an mp3 player into it and what is the watts on it?
How long doe the battery really last?
Does it have a cordless mic capability? I want to use this to sing in small venues. Good or Bad???
Does this unit actually play cd's and cassettes for performances.
I'm looking for an outdoor portable amplifier to play pump upmusic during my team's warmups. Will this be portable on grass and does it get loud?
can you use wireless mics with this? how many?
can you use two mics at a time
does it come with a microphone?
its a bluetooth speaker? ???
How does this artist react to fingerstyle playing
come with the hard case?
How do you compare this to the seagull S6 as far as tone and playability,
Got one, which strings do you find brings out this guitar
Buying this as a gift and don't know much about guitars...would I need to (or should I) have a professional setup once it arrives?
Is this item covered by manufacturer's warranty? And what types of hardshell cases will it fit into? Thanks.
This model has a cedar top, correct? And what material is the sides and back please? I'm looking for a warm sound.
will it work on windows 8
Does Amplitube 3 require an iLok USB?
Does this box edition come with a printed manual?
does it come with the necessary cables?
Does this come with a download code or a CD?
Does this include the Jimi Hendrix amps and pedals?
do i need to buy a cable or is one supplied
I see two different box covers is this the most resent version?
can it hold a Blue Snowball Microphone?
Would the screw on the end of this stand fit a cellphone clip mount made for a regular tripod? I want to make videos of myself drawing.
Does the actual boom unscrew from the stand? The horizontal piece at the top of the stand, does it unscrew to use separately from the stand?
Would this fit a Shure wireless mic Beta58?
Does it work with the CAD U37 USB Studio Condenser Recording Microphone
How low does the stand go to down? Thanks
Is the boom arm adjustable and is the whole stand collapse-able as in putting away for storage/transportation?
Considering it is a Samson stand, would it hold the Samson Meteor Mic?
I have a pretty heavy mic Shure PG58. Will this stand hold it? I think I have a standard Horseshoe grasp but I'm not sure.
is this work with blue yeti ?
Just got the unit set up and the speaker is buzzing. Any ideas?
How far away can the lavalier (lapel) mics be held away before they stop picking up voice well?
Some reviews say you have to hold the handheld microphone very close, about how close (x amount of inches away)?
Can you daisy chain two hiSonic systems together by use of the Line out/Line in jacks? Objective would be to use 1 set of mics and 2 sets of speakers
does it work with AC if teh battery dies?
Anyone have any interference, specifically picking up a radio station broadcast?
Would this work to amplify singing? We're a couple of volunteers at nursing homes and don't need the best equipment out there.
Does this have a recording function or can you output to a recording device?
Can you add an additional speaker?
What are the dementions of this product?
Will this act as a digital to analog converter for my studio monitors?
is compatible with asio?
does this ihave to require audio drivers? if so whats the link??
does this come with the red and white cables
If this is plugged into a USB port on a smart phone does it also charge the phone while turned on?
I am looking for the device to record from my dual cassette player to my Computer so I can record my cassette in Itunes
I'd also like to ask what the "charger box" is needed for
Are there any system requirements that I need to be concerned about? I've got a windows OS and a 64 bit and a 32 bit.
Does anyone know how much phantom power this device gives? I just purchased a condenser mic and im not sure if its giving enough power.
Will this amp an electric guitar? Looking for something to use with guitar and an mp3 player and monitor with headphones.
Is the included recording software on a disc, or is it a key for a download?
I want to buy a travel piano so I can practice on road that fits in overhead on plane and can use without a computer what do you recommend
can you use the built in sounds from another midi keyboard (midi Keytar) through the usb port?
are the keys really stiff? I have the 25 key first gen version and the keys are incredibly stiff and hard to use.
Does it work well with garage band and Ipad? it is good to play with? Thanks!
Does it work well with garage band and Ipad? it is good to play with? Thanks!
Does it comes together with a gig bag?
Can I connect this unit to PC microphone jack?
So are the mics always on or do you have to push button to speak?
How do you set speakers up with this? The receiver is not a speaker, is it?
Are the microphones uni-directional or cardioid? Can I put one mic between two or three talkers and get by?
I got this but it cannot be connected to my speakers. The audio output cable is too large for the connector on the speaker. Can you suggest a speaker?
What else is needed to connect this system to in room speakers? Also, can 2 of these systems be used together?
We are currently using a Polycom Soundstation2 with the 2 extended mics. Is there a converter or interface to allow these mics to be used instead?
Buying 2 unit: My question is if the 2 microphones with the same frequency will use at the same time, is there any problem on the signal or is there any noise ?
What speakers do you recommend to go with the wireless mikes?
What kind of batteries does it use
do you get warranty for this order??
Are the microphones rechargeable?
Why the battery light is red constantly even with new battery?
What does it mean when it indicates For Shure system. Pls elaborate requirements. I need a mic for my skype calls or to record a video.
Does this come with any protective case? If not what is the length of the mic if slightly curved?
Will it work with the Shure BLX4?
why is this so much cheaper than the Countryman E6? How do they compare?
how long is the cord on this mic?
I have around 8 of these and would like to know if you sell just the foam wind screens as they get dirty or fall off.
Can this be plugged into a Zoom H4N for recording purposes?
Do these have the microdot detachable cable?
Does it come with a belt pack
will it work with shure pgx1?
Is this more comfortable than the kind with just one ear hook?
Will this mic work with a Pyle Pro pa system with a 1/4" female plug?
I want something for skype and also Rosetta Stone Language software on my laptop, will this work?
Are these for use only with belt pack transmiter? Plugged them into my Mac and nothing...
does this work on a Block Rocker
I see contradicting statements about this mic. Is this straight plug and play or not? I use sennheisers and a desk mic, and modmic is too expensive.
Would 4 of these microphones work together on a Peavey PV6 USB Mixing Console? I'm trying to set up a live stream with some friends with separate mics
Is the 1/8" plug connecting the mic to the transmitter a straight plug-in or is a locking (threaded) male plug?
Will these mics work with the Audio 2000's VHF AWM6025
Will this item work pluged straight into a computer or a digital recorder?
will this mic work with TECHNICA ...
how long is the cord????
If i need 36 mic's, do you have it in stock ,what si the price you can make for the lot and How many days for shipping
Will this headset fit a Shure BLX1 body pack
Will this mic work with the Electro Voice body pack?
Does this have the microdot detachable cable?
Yes functionality is everything, but these are stinking ugly with their 90s office beige. Has anyone ever seen this item in black or white?
will this mike work with the Samson cb88 transmitter?
Will this work with a Line 6 body pack?
does it have a 1/4 inch plug ?
Does this mic require any kind of additional power (phantom or such), or can i plug it straight into my amp?
will the jack plug into a karaoke box
Can I plug this into my mixing board direct or do I need to run it through a wireless transmitter. I'd like to run this right to my board.
Is this compatible with the PYLE-PRO PWMA50S 50 Watts? Thanks.
does it work with a laptop?
can you remove the headset piece and use as a hair or hidden mic?
Can I use this mic with sennheiser transmitter
How to provide Power, can I get a USB style Injector? I have it plugged into a Line In and I get no sound?
Will this work with a Pyle Pro portable PA system (PWMA50B)
will this replace the Samson SE10 (will it work with Samson CT7)?
WIll a CAD U37 work with this? Thank you in advance
Will this work for the blue yeti?
WIll a CAD U37 work with this?
Fit Blue Baby Bottle?
what color should i get my BLUE yeti in to match this
will this fit an MXL 910?
Will it fit a blue spark digital?
Will this work for the blue yeti
will this fit Behringer C-1?
will this shock mount fit a MXL-250?
will it fit a sl 1500mk2 tonearm
will this fit on a 1400 SL?
will this fit my sl1200mk5
will this fit to sl 2000?
Will it fit a Audio Technica LP120?
Does it come with the spacer that goes between the cartridge and headshell
is it a factory replacement for the sl 1800 mk1 ?
do it come with the wires
I take it this will fit the SL-1700(not mki or mkii)?
Will this work with Pioneer PLX-1000 ?
Can anyone comment on how well this would work for a music-only sub in my partially finished basement? Or should I get a Hsu/Rythmik?
whats the (rms) wattage on 1 of these ??
Hi everyone id like to know if i had 2 of these how many people can this be good for? and what is the continuous power on these"
How well would this perform as a home theater sub?
What is comprehensive over-excursion, thermal and clip limit protection, does it actually protect the sub or it only warn you to turn it down?
How long can you push these subs right before the limit light comes on without risking blowing them?
Is this SUB compatible with 220 VOLTS INPUT ?
Do the speakers come with stand adapters built in?
Total weight
Can I add a small monitor?
Can I use multi-effects for a single channel at the same time?
Can it be moved in separate pieces or do you have to move all-together? I ant to buy this for someone but they would have problems with 50 lbs
Can I plug in 2 mics and 1 guitar?
Hi, can I connect this to my laptop for karaoke? Can you add a subwoofer?
Can you hook up a wireless mic?
Can this unit be used with a wireless mic?
What is the weight of this unit....and does it have wheels for rolling?
What could I do indoors with this? How many people? Could I use a mixer to mix a band outside? How far could I go with this?
Should I get the Behringer B815NEO or the Behringer B615D?
can i use a pair of this speakers for a live show of 300 people
How do you hook up a ipod to play music? what cords do you need?
Can these speakers be underpowered if I connect a separate amp to the line mic input on the back??
can 2 of these be daisy chained? When daisy chaining do i need to have both speakers on or just 1 ?
Ohms?
what is the default level on this speaker?
is this louder than the 615d
Is this new or refurbished?
how many spaces does it take up on the rack?
Is the output actually stereo? Many PAs have "left" and "right" but are just dual mono.
If there any way to insert a crossover to use with the power amp section of this mixer?
The Peavey PV 215 Dual 15" is 4 Ohm speaker, is it work with this mixer? what is ohm speaker ( 4 Ohms, 8 Ohms ) is recommend in stereo connection?
Is it possible to have two separate monitor mixes???????????
Does it have a foot switch to deactivate reverb
In the effects area, does it have distortion or overdrive? I see a lot of other effects except one of those.
Do you have any available with the BLUE LED displays (effects)?. Need BLUE. Thank you!
can i hook external amps to this mixer.
is the 1600 watt bridged mode RMS or max?
Can I use this with my DJ console as amplifier?
can this be used as a recording mixer?
what is the U size? (as in how much room it takes up on the rack)
Would this work as a mixer and an audio interface as well?
Will this mixer put out through a home stereo receiver
this product that you have in stock is new or used?
Does anyone knows how to connect the Aux Mic to a wireless mic? It does not work for me or I do not know how to do the connections
Does this product interface with Halogen lights? I have the Chauvet Stagewash 900 with dip switch (not digital) addressing.
can the sound button control the chase setting?
Can you select what colors to be used when using sound button?
Will the obey 3 control a chauvet colorstrip? Thanks.
Will this control the 3 channels of a Chauvet Mini Kinta?
Would this controller work with a 7 channel light? I know it won't work with the last 4 channels, but would the light function fine on the first 3?
The product description states that it is a handheld wireless microphone system, yet the pictures show a headset wireless microphone system. Which?
i am looking to buy a dj wireless head set microphone,, but as iam looking at u r pics,, the destcription is not maching the item,,
I'm a group fitness instructor looking for an affordable mic headset. Would this stand up to me moving and jumping around in and stay on my head?
I purchased this product but it doesn't work...almost like it's not compatible am I doing something wrong?
ok if i buy two set i can used at the same time
Do you need a amp or speaker for this system?
is this case ready for airplane travels? will my keyboard survive?
is it really the shipping weight 72 lbs? seriously?
what is the weight of this case? (NOT shipping weight, but the case itself)
Will a Korg PA900 fit into this one?
will you be charged an oversized baggage fee when flying with this case
Is it ( Gator Cases GKPE-61-TSA 61 Note Keyboard Case with wheels TSA Latches) can fit in Roland keyboard Model FP-4F
Will this case fit a Korg PA588?
Will it fit Fantom G-8 ?
Will a Yamaha p-255B keyboard fit inside?
Are the dimensions accurate for this product? I just got a yamaha motif xf8. It's 88 keys, but wide as well. Please advise!
what is the girth of the shipping box
Will a Yamaha CP4 fit into this?
I am looking for a case for my son's Roland 88 key keyboard. Not sure of which model. The keyboard itself was $3,000. Will this fit?
I have a Casio Privia PX-120 88-key piano. Will the plastic sheet music stand fit in this case? How?
will this case fit a yamaha p 105?
Is there a spot for the cleaning rod?
Does the hard case fit inside this case?
Will this fit a Bb flute or only a C?
What is the size of the front pocket? wondering if her piccolo case would fit.
your ad says case comes with shoulder strap. Does it? It doesn't show where you would attach the strap.
Is the banjo setup or do you have to do some setup work when you get it?
Did any of the buyers receive a case with this banjo?
Does this come with hard shell case? There are some on ebay, new with case for the same price.
how do I transfer dialog(an old radio show) The cd I burned only plays in my pc--not cd player.
it has a usb conection at the OUTPUT?
HOW IS THE AUDIO INPUT?
it is a usb connection to the pc?
IT HAS A LIMIT FILE SIZE TO CONVERT?
IT HAS A LIMIT FILE SIZE TO CONVERT?
What the box contains? Is included registration code with the instalation cd?
Will the cited Record any Audio work well for voice overs?
mine just makes a buzzing sound
Does this work with a Mac?
As the package weighs approximately?
Does this have a gloss finish?
Can I safely screw a strap pin on the guitar body ?
does this Guitar include the case pictured in your listing?
I've always had guitars with a pick guard. If adding one to this guitar what style do you think? I'm inclined to go with a tortoise shell, thoughts?
is power suply 220v
Can this be used as a direct substitute for a dedicated compressor (such as the Behringer MDX series or similar)? Thanks.
Has anyone used the Behri Virtualizer 3D FX2000 as a bass guitar effects? Is it very effective at giving you a wide variety of usable sound effects?
On a 16 channel board, is there a way to give one channel COMPRESSION and another channel REVERB (in a live music church setting)?
Can I hook this up to a Mackie Onyx 1640 mixer?
i'm trying to hook this up straight to a Pioneer DDJSX and it has just the most awful interference and HISS, very annoying. am i missing something?
what the diferrence betwen this one and the virtualizer pro the one with the red display ? wich oneis the most recent model ?
how would u reccomend changing between effects. a pedal? if so which one
Someone told me that this violin does not come with strings when you buy it, is that true?
Can you attach shoulder straps to the case or does the case come with straps?
Hi, I'm really interested in this product, but will the strings of the violin be tuned?
Can these be played without being hooked up to anything with cords? In other words, can you carry them around while playing like a traditional violin?
can you plug this violin into a wall socket and use the headphones (instead of an amp) and not use the battery?
How quiet is "silent" (...on a scale of won't-wake-up-the-baby to regular acoustic sound.)
can I use my wolf shoulder rest with this violin or do I need a special one?
Do you have complete control over volume? I just moved into an apartment and am looking at an electric so that I can silence it when I practice.
This is for an accomplished teen violinist. Will the sound likely be okay if he is used to a nice violin or is the sound/quality more for a beginner?
I'm a beginner and I really know next to nothing on violins. Either I did something wrong or this is not silent? I applied a little resin and its loud
what are the advantages/disadvantages of having that left part of the body missing? because there's another model that's whole - what is the point?
Does the kit come with strings attached or must you string them yourself?
What's the weight of the violin in pounds?
Do I need to buy a separate practice mute?
How heavy is the violin?
Being my first electric, is there a way to switch the chin rest to the other side?
I have plugged the headphones in and I'm receiving no feedback. Am I doing something wrong? Does my product have a defect?
Can I plug in any speaker to it? Or does it need to be an amp?
Can I use any headphones?
3 part Question: Can I use this as a 14" Viola; If so, can I tune it down, or should I restring it; Should I get a viola bridge?
When I try to tune the violin, the tuning pegs always slip and unwind. Is there a way to fix this?
How can I plug it to my laptop? There is a chord but it doesn't fit the computer outlet.
can you plug it into a amp because the images do not show a jack
do you have to have an amp to play this violin?
How long does the battery last and do you need the battery to use headphones
Are you able to use a shoulder rest with this violin? If so, what brand of shoulder rest has worked for you?
Can this be played without plugging in? My daughter is a beginner but she saw this and thought it'd be great to play traditionally and acoustically.
For some reason, I can't seem to get the battery to fit. It just doesn't go in completely and I don't know. Is there a specific way to put it in?
I just received mine.How do I connect the violin using the aux cable to my laptop?
do you have to have an amp to play this violin?
would this set be good for a 14 year old boy
is this a good for a 9 year old will be 10 in
is this good for a 9 year old will be 10 in
does it have a cymbal sound
can we use it in the parties
Does Yamaha sell a stand sized for this unit?
Hello. In this set is the Power Supply is 120-240V or only 120??? and Drumsticks ???
Is there a jack for headphones?
I ordered this yesterday as a lighting deal for 59.99 and today its 49.99 with free shipping. Can I get the difference back?
Does this YDD40 come with an A/C power supply and a foot pedal?
What is the difference between theDGX230 and theYPG235 Yamaha keyboards
Does this keyboard have internal speakers or do we need an amp?
How many tones\voices does this piano have?
Are the keys full-sized piano keys? I would really like to purchase this, but that is a sticking point for me. Thank you.
Does the volume change with how hard or soft you hit the keys?
Is it worth the money ?
can you use a pedal?
Can I plug a microphone directly into the keyboard?
Is it good for beginners?
Are the keys weighted?
How do you add external speakers? I haven't found any pic of the back side of keyboard. I'm not buying until I know...
Does this come with a music rest (a stand that goes into the back of the keyboard to hold music)?
Does this keyboard have a midi output connector ?
Does this have a music rest?
What's different between Yamaha YPG-235 76-key Portable Grand Graded-Action USB Keyboard and Yamaha YPG-235 76-Key Portable Grand Piano Premium Pack ?
If played softer is the sound softer? If played harder is the sound louder? I'm sure there is a term for this I'm not aware of so I hope I'm clear.
How can you use a sustain peddle and volume control at the same time. Doesn't look like enough connections?
Does this keyboard transmit MIDI via its USB connection??
When using a drum style accompaniment is the beat consistent like a metronome?
what is actual weight?
I bought this and cant fit the clips for the condenser mics onto a standard mic stand (either 5/8 or 3/8). What am I missing? Edit: There is an insert that comes in the 5/8" slot that is in too tight to remove by hand. Used a pliers and got it turning,...
Do I need to buy a stand for the bass mic?
Does this pack include the 7 XLR cables for each mic or do you have to buy them separately? I can't seem to find any information about it...
What kind of recording device to I need to hook the mics into? I have never really looked into recording drums...
I bought this and i'm having problems understanding the polar pattern on the pencil condensers. omni out the top? or cardioid out the sides?
is phantom needed
How would you be able to plug them into a mixer?
Would the bass drum mic work for the floor drum tom? I was thinking of getting a different bass drum mic and using the included bass drum mic for theT
I love the mic kit but I need one more tom mic since I have a 4 tom setup with snare. Can I buy just one tom mic and clip separate?
Some doubts, thanks for anyone who help me!: Do i have to use a pre amp with phantom power for EVERY MIC? or just the condensors? (2)..
I can't find a setting for the sensitivity knob that works for my band. It's either super-sensitive or doesn't register. Any suggestions?
I also bought the ch-06 lighting stand. which clamps do i need to connect my 4-play to this stand?
What is the best light controller to use with this? It says it's 6 channels even though there's only 4 fixtures and 4 color options.
How bright is this? Setting up a kids program at church - bit of ambient light we can't control - too much for mini kinta, etc - is this bright enough
If I want to use these as spots is that an option?
does it come with the bag for carrying the item.
Have you ever used this as a strobe? Does it even have the ability to strobe?
My left PMO.4n unit developed woofer distortion with low bass tones. Is this repairable ? They are used for video editing, not loud music. Thanks !
Amplifier
can this product work under 220V power supply???
Pair or Single monitor?
Is this a 5050 or 3528 strip? The description says: Brightness: 5050 Tri-chip Brighter than 3528 single chip Brighter than 2050 single chip Brand NEW Premium Quality - 12v Super bright 3528 single chip SMD LED strip(5050 Tri-chip) And the part number...
will this light work off an rv generator or Ac and Dc ?
16.4 feet isn't long enough for me. Can I join two of these reels together?
How do people secure these? I am looking to attach them to the underside of a railing for a wood deck. I'm sure the 3m backing won't hold to that
If I use a 12V power adapter, how many amps do I need?
Will this product fit into the rope light tracks for rv awnings, and is the width 1/2"? Thanks.
What power adapter are you using to power these? I'm also wanting to add ASIN: B00AHU2U7O
My microwave outlet is in the middle with cabinets on both sides. Can I attach the lights from both sides into one transformer?
Do these lights have any kind of warranty? If so, please specify what and for how long. Thanks in advance!
Do I need to purchase an amp for it
How well does this mic record instruments?
how do you shut it off when not in use? can I use it with my: ION Block Rocker Portable Bluetooth Speaker System Upgraded 75hr Battery and 75 Foot Bluetooth Range
will it work outside in a mall?
I am wondering if this would be a good practice mic for a teenager who is practicing his singing
What is a good amplifier for this microphone?
Is this mic a little too big for the hands of a 6-7 yr old kid and/or does it look big for kids of that age ?
I want to put the mic on a stand 12 inches from my mouth. Is this mic sensitive enough? Some cheap mics need to touch my chin before they work.
does it run on batteries or electricity
Sounds loud? becasuse i have a low voice.. and i need it for voice recording in studio, i've tried an USB mic but doesnt catch all my voice
is this a mono or stereo microphone?
Is the on/off switch latching (like a light switch) or momentary (push-to-talk)?
Is there any way to power this microphone without a battery?
button sticks can a new part be purchased six months old.
Is there an adapter to connect this to a computer? From the 1/4 to ____ for a computer?
does it have a usb input for the computer? Pls Anwser need it for Xplane 9 tower communication VATISM
Does this mic require any kind of additional power (phantom or such), or can i plug it straight into my amp?
When it's in the stand, my mic will be no more than 18" from the computer/. Can I buy a shorter cord?
Will this mic work with a regular telephone - when folks phone into a meeting and need to hear comments from folks at the other end of a table?
is there any way to use this mic on my pc??please help need mixer or
can this hook up to any amplifiers or speakers?
Lost my ac adaptor, What is the input voltage of the receiver or the output of the stock ac adaptor? Thks
Are the 9v batteries included in the pack?
Can I conect these microphones to a computer, I want to use for karaoke in my computer
I plugged the receiver in and the lights blinked and went off! Does it have to charge for a length of time?
Can this be used with a PA system? Looking for wireless mic I can use with Samson Expedition XP308i.
has a powerful ? has a clean sound ? is to be used in my church in the auditorium
brings Rechargeable batteries ?
Is the output from the receiver to the amp only a phone plug or is there an XLR (balanced line) output as well??
Would this connect to a home theater stereo?? and where??
are these wireless?
Is the adapter 1/4 inch.
Considering this to replace a broken kid's karaoke mic. Is there an adapter I can use to make this fit a jack that is the size of standard headphones?
Does it use batteries?
Is it metal as advertised or plastic?
does it sound clear
Is it female or male so i can buy adapter for my pc
Is this microphone wireless and is the frequency 203.6 MHZ? Doyott
can it work or church
how long does it work and is it a good product?
Can you fit a mouse on it with a 17" laptop?
Please I lost the box and the instructions, con you pease help me and send me the instructions, thanks
how much weight can it hold?
What are the dimensions of the top? Is it plastic or wood? Is it slip resistant?
What are the dimensions of the surface? and how small is it when folded, can it be disassembled for travel?
What are the dimensions for the platform (width x length)? I actually want to use it with a Pyle PTED01 Drum Kit.
Has anyone used this stand for a projector? Is it durable enough?
Can I comfortably employ this product while standing (typing on my laptop)? I'm 6'1" tall.
What are the dimensions on the plastic top? L x W
Does this tilt in all directions? (Or just forward and back?) I want something I can adjust to any angle.
Is the platform now plastic or particle board?
What size is the platform?
Does this screw off the tripod and can be mounted on a 3/8th inch screw mount for a standard camera tripod, or is it permanently mounted to the stand?
Does this sit on a desk?
I received it today; however, I'm not able to snap the supporting bracket onto the T-bar; Is the size wrong?
is this a good saxophone for my son starting 6th grade band the school seems to think some of the cheaper bran please let me know if this will be good
what means ' set up adjusted and ready to play by our technicians in our house'
does this come with reeds
What are the accessories that come with this?
Does it come with warranty?
Does the refurbished model also come with the case and accessories?
where it was manufactured?
Am trying to decide if this is okay for my 7 year old, he is just starting his music class.
Is this a good mouthpiece to use with this saxaphone ?http://www.amazon.com/Yamaha-YAC1287... Yamaha 5c mouthpiece
I just bought this and when it turns on , why does the gain level set on channel 6 stay on ! Is it suppose to be like that or is there a problem !
Do the main outputs need a speakon connector or can you use a 1/4" speaker cable?
I've used a similar board and remember needing an external power amp for the monitor outputs. Is that the case with this board?
Hi, I was able to connect the mixer to my 120 watts 8 ohms speakers. But, the power output is very low, to the point I have kept the main volume clos?
Is this mixer sized for rack mounting?
How do I connect PMP 4000 to a set of passive speakers only with 120 W / 8 Ohm rating? What should the amp switch set to? Speaker isn't getting power
Can I run two monitor mixes off the board by routing "mon out 1" to "pwr amp insert L", and "Mon out 2" to "pwr amp insert R"?
Top of page says Behringer Europower PMP4000; Item Description for Behringer Eurolive B208D-WH. What am I buying if I add to cart?
How do I plug this into my laptop?
pmp4000 is for plug in 220V
Can you use Powered speakers with this mixer. If so, I dont see XLR, where do I plug it in
what kind of plug is used to connect the speakers to the main outs? 1/4"/ xlrs?
How long is the power cable for this?
Hi, is this unit has conection for headphones?. just to double check, thank you.
Is this mixer sized for rack mounting?
What is the impedance? is it 2x800 watts at 8 ohms?
Does this have universal voltage?
At a gig I pressed and turned the FX one control to change to a different effect, suddenly both digital displays turned to garbage, unreadable. Why?
Should I use TRS or TS connectors when connecting the PMP6000 1/4" outputs to balanced inputs? The manual says the outputs are 'unbalanced, TRS' (?!)
Just curious, what would happen if you switch to "Bridged" option on the mixer and have both hook-ups on the back of the mixer connected?? Will that blow the mixer output channel or blow the cord hooked up or both? Thanks.
Does ALL of this (including the amp) come in ONE box? I'm asking because I am planning on checking it at the airport for an international flight.
Is any equipment that is not included needed to begin playing?
Does the bass come with a standard warranty?
Can you plug headphones into the amp?
Does this guitar have a standard 1/4" output jack?
Does the used version of this still come with everything? And did anybody have any problems with it being damaged?
what is the gauge of the strings?
Buzz noise when turning tone knob (right side knob) up. When finger touch string the buzz slightly changes but not disappear. Any suggestions?
if I am not home will it be left on screened porch?
How many feet is the bass guitar cord?
How can i get an instruction book. Was given a used 1 &amp; all works but the cd words on screen don't show.
what kind of cd's do you have to buy to show lyrics to songs
Does this Machine have a hum while running?
Can a second mic be attached for duets?
Can you hook it up to the tv and play music from Youtube?
Does this unit come with remote control?
can you plus an MP3 player into it? Does it have volume control for the mic?
can you change the key?
can this be attached to a tv
Does this come with a mic?
In between the slimpar 38s and slimpar 56s... Recommendations?
do these have a setting where they will change colors to the beat of the music?
Do they come with plugs/cords or do you have to by Dmx cables?
Do these lights flash(blink) on a video camera?
can it run on a regular dimmer switch? for do you need special equipment to dim?
Could this be use for a fashion show runway?
What color options does this can have? Does it have magenta?
Is this power linkable?
What wattage filament type lamp is the brightness of this light comparable to?
Hi, i need this light but in the white housing colour , do you have this in white ? how to choose the white housing colour ?
How many speaker outputs?
is there phantom power?
What size are the holes for the speaker stands? any specific recommendations for speaker stands?
What is the Main Insert connection on the back of the amplifier..? what is it used for..?
when used with 'cd in' or 'aux in', is the output in stereo?
Can you hook up a woofer to the Amp...?
do wireless microphones work on this system
does it have a talk over feature while playing music
What is the main insert for at the back?
People seem to be reporting that this thing is 400mA on the shared 9v/12v port. The image shows 300mA. Can you clarify which it actually is?
how long is the detachable ac power cable?
Will this power a ToneBone Bassbone pedal that requires a 15v DC power supply?
Thinking of purchasing a Voodoo Lab Pedal Power ISO-5 Power Supply as an addition to my pedal board. If purchased from USA will work with UK voltage
Does this come with connectors to immediately connect pedals straight out of the box, or do they have to be bought separately?
can this power a 700mah boomerang looper pedal?
could you power an amp with the 3 prong outlet in the back of the unit?
Is the 9v power supply limited to only 4 slots? Or can u plug in pedals requiring 9v power to higher voltage slots?
Will this fit under Pedal train boards?
How many outputs of 9v does this power supply have?
With what fretboard radius is this nut slotted?
would this work on my epiphone acoustic humming bird pro?
I had to replace a fretboard on a epi l.p. electric. the fretboard is thicker than the original, so i need to know the height of the nut.
WIll this fit an epiphone les paul custom black beauty? I think the stock nut is 1 6/8ths
Good morning I wonder if that nut serves a epiphone acoustic guitar PR-150?
this nut fits in to a PRS SE guitars?
this nut fits in to a PRS SE guitars?
Will this fit an epiphone les Paul jr the model with the one pick up thanks
Is this a nut for the top of the fret board or the bottom?
Hello, do you have a case to sell with this pedal?
could i use this with an electric kit
Do you get the connecting rods as well??
Quick question is this only for electronic drumset? Or I can use it with custom drum set itself?
Good for heel up?
Does this come with a double beater pad for the bass drum skin?
I have this pedal, but I don't konw about the springs. Anyone put any different springs on it?
Anyone put any really good beaters on it yet? Any recommendations?
Is this for an electric drum kit?
My electric kit is set up left with the kick pad on the left, can these be assembled flip-flop so the hammers are on the left side?
are all 4 on the same frequency or are they on each of the 4 standard fequencys as used by the 4 channel receiver
Are the microphones clip on lapel as pictured, or headset with boom?.
What is the difference between UBP4 and UBP6?
if i am getting this for a 13yr old for christmas --- she plays keyboard and piano. Will she like this and what else do I need to order with it?
Can you set the modulation or touch controller to control sustain? I'm looking to get something to really add to a group, will this do it?
Is there any difference between the Black and white instruments, why
Can you plug this up to your computer, and use it as a Midi controller? Like in editing software and stuff?
can you plug it into a guitar amp?
two questions. Firstly can you split the keyboard for two different sounds? and secondly with this purchase do I get the instruction manuel?
Will a Joyo JA-03 Pocket Amp for Electric or Acoustic Guitar work with this unit?
can it be used wireless?
Does the Roland Lucina come with a gig bad if you buy it of off amazon? If it does not come with a brag, where could I buy one?
Can it be used as a controller on garageband?
Can I use two mics similtaneously? I ordered one and the mic input on the right is not working. Just wondering if product is defective?
I have this interface and I do not know where my USB power cord is. What is the name of the USB cable or power cord that comes with?
would this be a good interface to record one track of one instrument, say the guitar, into my computer and then go back and record another instrument?
Will This interface work with Fruit Loops 11?
I want to plug a mic into the Alesis, then connect the Alesis into my PC - to use the mic for speaking on skype, webinars - will that work??
Can I use other software like Adobe Audition or Audacity with this interface?
where do you get the activation code for the Cubase software that is included? we can't find any activation code that will work
Can this interface connect to studio monitors?
Since IO2 and M-Track appear to be the same hardware, do the M-Track drivers work with this?
Does this package come with the Cubase Software ? Noticed on other sites it comes with this software even though price is a little higher.
do i need to plug this into an amp for it to work? can i use it with an amp and also without one? or, does this bass sound acoustic?
What are the dimensions of this item?
Item weight = 15 pounds but Shipping weight = 6.7...???
How long would it take to ship to 32935, Florida?
Can this guitar be played left handed?
does it come with strap pins? I saw them on the picture of the black model, but not the blue one
What part of the bass should I replace, to improve the bass' quality?
I need to know does it have a hook four the strap?
Is the front face of the bass made out of solid wood?
what kind of replacement strings should i buy, the once at guitar center were to long
would this amp sound excellent in a high end home stereo system or would it sound too bright?
I have a onkyo 7.2 txnr -828 receiver, and I want to connect it, how to do it and I want to know if my polk rtia9's for my fronts will work ?
Would this be able to run a pair of COMMUNITY MVP18S 300W 8 OHM SUBWOOFER SPEAKERs in bridged mode?
How is the input sensitivity? Does it get loud enough if you crack the gain on this power amplifier to the max? What gain level are you comfortable at
What is the configuration of the device sold by Amazon, is it :120 VAC 60 Hz, 100 VAC 50/60 Hz or 220 and 240 VAC 50 Hz ?
I have 2 dual 15" 700 rms 4 ohm speakers with 1/4 jacks. Can i bridge these speakers to this amp and if so how do i? and should I?
What would be better to power 2 4 ohm Dual 15" 500 rms Seismic Audio speakers? This Crown amp or the Behringer NU3000 iNuke?
what speaker cables do i need to hook up 2 dual 15" 4 ohm speakers with 1/4 inch inputs to this amp?
Is this amplifier safe to use for purposely blowing up cheap speakers?
Having issues with my Pioneer VSK-94TXH driving my AR 303 front speakers, which are 6.5 Ohm. Think this will do the trick?
This device operates on 220 volts?
It appears the rack mounts are not removable. Can someone please confirm this for me. The cabinet I wish to locate the amp is 18 1/2 inches wide.
I have a mackie powered mixer 808. I bought a crown xls 2500 amp because of evp x-15 speakers. can I use the mixer from the mackie with crown amp?
I saw some reviews that said the cooling fan makes too much noise for a home theater environment. Has anyone recently experienced that noise issue?
can i use this amplifier for jbl srx718s,is it suitable for this speakers??? and any crossover is required??
what is the difference in Crown NXLS vs Crown XLS ? Is there a difference or same feature / technology?
what is rms in 8 ohm briged
Can you dial in the tempo numerically? Or do you have to rely on a crappy "tap in" tempo?
Some loop pedals have loop time limits, this says 35 minute space for loops, are there time limits on single loop times?
Is this model really any better than the smaller and simpler Solo XT model which gets a higher Amazon rating? What's added here?
My condenser mic is plugged into phantom power and then my looper but the sound is not working correctly, what am I doing wrong?
How many loops can I play back at once?
Can this link with Jamman solo unit? I have the earlier version of this unit and wonder if I can link with solo unit. Thanks.
Does the JamMan stereo use the same memory cards as the mono original JamMan?
Is this supposed to come with a USB cable? Mine only came with a power cord.
What comes with this product? Do I have to buy the power cord, memory card, usb cable etc separately??
Does the stereo looper use the same cards as the original Jamman??
I'm thinking of using this amp to drive a subwoofer. 2 12's in a sealed box in my living room. Will This do it? I want it to pound.Thanks Amazonians.
What type of inputs and outputs does this amp have?
how to hoo it up to a Behringer xenxa1202 mixer
2 Questions: 1. Can this be triggered to power on? 2. Can the rack mounts be removed? Thanks
Can this amp safely power two 8 ohm loudspeakers running parallel (4 ohm load) in bridged mode? Speakers are Peavey SP-5XLs (350W RMS/700W Program)
Would this be able to run a pair of COMMUNITY MVP18S 300W 8 OHM SUBWOOFER SPEAKERs in bridged mode?
Does this replace the old ce 1000 model
My Denon x4100 req. a sep amp to get all 9 ch. Would this be good for Goldenear Triton 5's?
I have a pair of dual 15" 500 watt rms 1,000 watt peak each pa speakers which are 4 ohm,will this amp be good for powering them or can i bridge these?
I would like to get this amp to power two tower speakers in a home stereo application. Will this amp be strong enough, or do I need the XLS1500?
does the hardware come with it?
where are the drums made? what country?
can I buy only 1drum &amp; stand
Can the stands be set low enough to play in seated position, so drums are just an inch or two off of the floor?
is the body plastic?
I already own a Martin D28 and am hoping that this will pick up better with my mixer - recorder? Or would it be better just to invest in a good mic?
Does this have a warranty? i am torn between this and the martin x 0001ae- i am a beginner that would like to play folky types of music. i am 5'4".
Does this guitar needs a 9v battery? If so, where is it placed?
does it come with a case
how many inches is the gutair
I just purchased this guitar- I have a 35 year old Epiphone that is showing its age. Overall, I am just learning to play- are the amateurs here happy?
which country is made?
It's a full size dreadnought?
Does it have a strap button on top of the body?
Mine is wonderful, sounds absolutely amazing. But its USB system is a joke. Could I transfer directly from the card?
What have you found is the best mic to use with this, for a female singer who also plays an acoustic electric Taylor with internal pickup?
can this be connected to powered speakers and used as a mixer?
Is an AC/DC adapter included with the BR-800?
can you buy replacement parts or pieces? ie hardware,stand, or even a drum replacement
Is this set exactly as pictured with both sets of cymbals on stands? I've seen other Gammon sets where one is attached to the top of the bass drum.
Is this set big enough for a 10 year old who weighs 100# and is 57 inches tall.
I'm considering getting a drum set for my 6-year-old daughter. She is very tiny, about the size of a 3-4 year old. Would this be small enough for her?
can you transport the set easy after assembled?
how about for a 9 year old, is it tall enough?
Is this kit appropriate (size) for a 9 and 11 year old?
can a adult use them
would this work for an 11 year old?
IS this entire drum set in ONE box? My box doesn't look like it could possibly have a whole drum set in it.
Do you have to use headphones?
Is it compatible with GarageBand and LogicPro?
Ok, after less than 6 months, this does not turn on. Any ideas about what I can do?
Would this be a good synthesizer for progressive rock?
Do I need to purchase a separate cable/peripheral/ in order to connect it to a Mac Mini? Would it work with the computer speakers once connected?
How many tracks can be recorded and played back simultaneously?
Will this keyboard transpose and will it midi with my "Yamaha Motif ES7 ?"
does it come with the power supply?
Hello, Will the Korg Microstation 61 key synthesiser be able to be plugged into the power supply in Singapore which is a 220v/ 50hz supply? Thanks!
How "noisy" or "clean" is this product and how does it compare to higher end cables?
I'm not sure if this cable is what I need??
does this cable work with the audio technica 2020 and audio technica 2021?
Will this cable work for my direct out on Bass amp to mixer board, or what is recommended?
Will this work with the CAD M179 Microphone?
Will this carry phantom power from a scarlet 2i2 to a 990 mxl?
is this the cable i need for the shure 55
IM NEW TO THIS: but what is a XRL cable? Is it the wire that goes into the microphone? Whats the difference between XRL and MXL?
I just wanna know if this cable would do for a EV ZLX-15P Speakers I know it says is for MIC but....
Are they delicate to the point where stepping on one by accident would damage the wires, insulation, or shielding inside?
Would this be a good choice for a novice drummer-age 8
what is the weight of the product? how come the yamaha spec is 3 lbs while yours is 20 lbs?
Were drum sticks included?
Hello. In this set is the Power Supply is 120-240V or only 120???
how is this for first-time beginner drummers?
Can a foot pedal be purchased for this set? If so, where and how much?
Does this unit come with the foot pedal or drumsticks?
Please are there metronome incluid?? Or metronome drummer training pratice??thanks
Which drum stand will work with the YDD 40?
does it have a 1/4 inch input for connecting an amplifier?
Which strings should I buy as replacement just in case?
Why does the product specifications say 36 inch. I hope thats wrong and it is 41 inch.
Does this guitar comes in one piece or strings has been taken out while shipping?
is the black guitar actually come with shine when bought. because when i look at the guitar on the picture its polished ..is it the same wen bought.
Is this an electro acoustic guitar or only acoustic?
does the black guitar have the fret markings "dots" on the side of the neck as well as the front?
does it come with a strap shoulder, or a place to attach a strap?
does it come with a lessons book
Does it require a lot of pressure while playing barre or F chords?
Does it come with a carry-on bag?
The product looks terrific. But what do you do if your script is several pages long?
What is the thickness of the wedge foam used?
What in that is worth even $150? It's foam in a backpack...
Is there enough space in this "booth" to place a Blue Yeti microphone with shock mount and pop screen attached to a desk stand into it?
Is this portable booth compatible with any mic or certain mics?
What are its dimensions when it's zipped closed?
Will a Neumann TLM 102 with shock mount fit inside if the mic is on a desk stand?
This product doesn't seem to be available for shipping to Canada. Is there another place where it can be ordered?
How does this stay on an upright mic stand: Can anyone tell me what the port-a-booth is sitting on in the photos of it on an upright mic-stand?
is this set wood reeds
Made in China or made in Germany?
is there a warranty with them?
I have a Seagull S6 spruce and a Teton STS105 cedar and mahogany. How will this compare? I'm looking for warm deep and mellow sounds.
What came in the box with the guitar? I bought a fender acc/elect a couple of yrs. ago and it came with a cord, truss rod hex. key, cloth, warranty.
Where was it made?
Does this come with a case?
What's the finish like on this? Satin, semi-gloss or gloss. Hard to tell from the pics.
Is this guitar PLEKed?
is this with the esonic2 or 1?
Are these all different picks, or am I getting three of the same?
Do you think these would work with a nylon stringed Spainish style guitar? I can't grow strong finger nails.
Do you think these would work ok for a nylon stringed
If you don't have an angled jack, does the cable bump the sides of the bag when plugged into the left or right-most pedals?
is there an actual board in the bag, or is it just a bag? how many connector outlet holes are there?
Does it come with a board
I have a Casio key board when you touch the keys they make a louder sound (like a tack, tack) is the Yamaha brand do the same?
does this product come with a head phone? and how many keys? How heavy it is? and how big in size? I don't know if it can fit inside my small room.
what amp is recommended for this? I need something light weight if possible.
Does it come with sustain pedal? How many USB ports?
How can we put a piano book on the keyboard to learn lessons, there is no stand to support the book, right?
Hi, could you tell me if I can plug this piano to a 220v electric system? and how big is the box it comes in? thank you
How much assembly is required? How much time did it take you?
Does the DGX640 come with a music holder, all the one I see dont have it and i cant find 1 to buy
The picture shows cherry but the text says Walnut. Which is it? Do you have the Walnut version? Are they new with warranty?
does the keyboard set freely on the stand
Is there storage in the bench?
Can this piano produce MP3 files or CDs for playback?
What color finish does this piano have? I believe it comes in black and rosewood, and the color isn't specified here.
does it require assembly
Will it fit a Gibson acoustic guitar?
what color is the interior?
Does this case fit a Gibson SGJ too?
Will this fit a Gibson Sg bass?
Will this fit an SG withs straplocks on?
Will this fit a Gibson sg 50s tribute? If not any idea where I can find a case for it? Having a hard time.
what hard case will fit an acoustic full size Gibson Maestro
Does it have a transpose key?
Does it accommodate earphones for private playing?
I assume that it comes in multiple packages. I would like to know how big the largest package is. I have a very old house with the narrow door.
does the bench have storage
Can you tell me what the power usage is? Also, how will it fare in an unconditioned indoor space with temperature swings from 38 to 100 degrees F
does the piano connect to a pa system
What are the dimensions of the largest part? I have to carry up two flights of steps with a turn in the middle and I am worried about making the turn
What is the main difference between the YDP 181 and YDP 162?
can you 'mix' sounds - like piano and strings?
Who knows what is the name of a demo song for Grand Piano 2 setting?
Could you please send to Brazil? How much cost to send? Thank you
Would this case fit well (not too large) a 1954-58 Les Paul Jr. solid body model?
Have a LP Special that I need a case for. I also have a 2005 LP Studio that came with a Gibson case from MF. Is this the same case?
This case has lockable latches ?
will this fit a les paul custom circa 1975?
Will this case work with a 2013 Gibson LPJ?
Hello, will this case fit a gibson les paul studio?
Does this model is the correct for Gibson 60's Tribute Les Paul Guitar?
will a lefty LP dbl cut-away fit the case? Cheers
Would this case hold a les paul "TRIUMPH" bass? The widest part of the bass across is 13 1/2" thank you
Does the Yamaha DGX640C Digital Piano, Cherry come with a sheet music holder?
Can i use this keyboard as a midi controller?
can I use the Yamaha 3 pedal unit LP-7A/LP-5A with the DGX640C?
can this be fitted with a power cord for 220v as it goes to DC12 anyhow?
what is the voltage? 110v and 220v available???
Can this be sent to Australia ?
Does this come with a stool? Or do I have to buy the one from Amazon?
Does the piano come with the stand?
Do the keys feel "life-like" (like a "real' and not like a toy electric piano)? thanks.
How does it sound without using headphones? Interested in an electric piano with good quality sound without sounding "tinny" or fake. thanks
I have a rather limited use for recording software. I want to make professional quality recordings of books I've written. Is this version adequate?
When using vinyl restore, does it record one side as a single track or does it separate the music into individual tracks??
Can I remove the vocal track so that I can use the song for karaoke ?
can I download music to my computer and then burn it on a CD with this software? with ease as I am new to computers and would like something user frie
Is there a way for SFAS10 (Vegas) to sample background hiss from recorded interviews and remove it? FX sliders don't do the job.
Hi, I've always used CD-R but the CD'S I burnt before where with XP and now I got windows 7. Would a different type of CD make a difference. thanks
i have sony forge audio studio witch i just purchased and i can play a burnt cd in my wife's car and on the blue ray but not in my truck ?
I am new to computers and would like to burn a few cd's, I need something user friendly will the cd made with this software play on my blue ray?
Can I use this software with a USB microphone? Or with a USB input like M-Audio M-Track?
does it work on windows 8 ?
tenor?
Hi, Can I check whether is this Uke having solid Mahogany top? Or just laminated. Thanks.
Why in the picture, it has a pick up :( ?
do you need new strings for it?
is it nature solid&#xFF1F;
Are there geared tuners?
Does this come with a bag?
Distance between fretboard and strings?
Why in the picture, it has a pick up :( ?
Is there a pick up port on this instrument?
does this work with Olympus DS5000 player pro
Does the RS-97 work with Express Scribe Pro? Is it ready to plug in or is there software?
Does this work with Express Scribe Pro?
Does this come with the USB adapter?
I need hands free dictation using Olympus DS 5000 recorder. Do I need anything else besides RS 27 foot pedal and the cradle? Software?
I need to buy it with a hard case, do you recommend one en amazon?
what strings to purchase ?
what are the dimensions of the box where you're sending the mandolin?
Can you plug it into an amplifier?
does it come with a pick?
i want mando fifths tuning but in nylon strings. has anyone figured out what nylon strings would work?
See nut on bottom end where can I attach the top end of strap? Thanks gp
where can I attach the strap at the top end? this is a gift for my brother and i see the nut at bottom but I just don't know. thanks
Does it come with a case?
Does it have a truss rod to adjust neck relief ...
Will this amp keep up with a drummer unmiked?
What is the difference between this and the Bugera V5 in terms of tonal quality? I'm curious as to why the V5 costs more.
Will this amp do ok with les paul humbucks, or will the pickups be to "hot" for it (and have the sound fall apart)?
Does this have an external speaker jack?
I have a big muff distortion pedal and guitar looper. What will this amp do justice to the Big Muff pedal, looper or on/off looper pedal?
How do you change the valve/vacuum tube?
will this tube amp give me the sound of the beatles around 65-67?
Would I get the brown handle or the black handle?
will this work okay as a practice amp for a fender jbass as well. don't need huge volume
What voltage does this amp accept?
What does the Pop Filter do for the blue yeti audio wise?
Do you need to purchase a mini sound booth with this mic?
Does screwing the pop filter in to the bottom of the microphone reduce accessibility to the 3.5mm jack on the bottom of the Yeti? Or the USB thing?
will it plug into a mini jack on a camera?
I have a lot of background noise from fans running. Will this eliminate that background noise so I don't have the constant humming in my lectures?
How long is the usb mic cord?
Has anyone tried using this with a Dell XPS 12? Are there any additional cords, adapters needed in order to use this microphone?
Does this work for windows 10?
Are there any latency issues wiht this mic as there are with other USB mics?
why do you need headphones when you can hear your self or what are they for what do they do?
Is this windows 8 compatible?
can this be used with ipad with lightning connector to record voice using Garage Band? Also, does it work with Skype?
Does this work with xbox one?
The microphone didnt come with a pop filter?
Can I use this on a Mac Pro
What headphones are in the bundle?
I have windows 8.1 does it work?? I have already bought it not knowing.
Does it only have Omni directional setting or can you change it to cardiod?
Does this one come with the stand as shown in the picture?
Does this set come with the blue snowball microphone?
is these strings better to use with classic or jazz?
Is this just the e string or g/d/a/e ?
How do these compare to Dominants?
Do these have a ball or loop end?
Is the E string gold wound?
Will this work with Windows 8?
does the snowball come with stand too? and do the headsets come with that goldfish amp thing?
Is there instructions on how to attach the pop filter on the mic?
I sing and play Blues Harp is there a connection, and how long, to USB?
Does this version of the blue snowball have the switch on the back to use different modes?
Can you buy an A to B usb cable to use instead of the one that comes with the package?
Is this compatible with Windows 7 64 bit and what is the height of the snowball and mic when together and stand fully extended?
are the headphones good
Does it come with the stand as shown in the picture?
Does it work with windows 8
is it god quality
how do I assemble this stand?
How wide is the the music stand face (where you set the music)?
Where it says it adjusts up to 58 inches, is that the height of the tripod part, or the top of the stand when completely set up?
Please, how much does it weigh?
I am thinking of buying this to set my laptop on in front of my treadmill. Do you think it would be sturdy enough to hold a laptop if I tilt the top b
Is height adjustable
Can I fix the notesheets with magnets on the stand or is it made of aluminium?
Does the face tilt or can the face angle be adjusted
What is the depth of the lip on which the book rests? I was hoping to prop my 1000+pg Calculus textbook on it while working on the whiteboard.
Can this be connected to a DAC connected to a TV? I have my PC speakers connected to the DAC but the sound coming from the DAC is flat. So I'd like to put some kind of EQ between the DAC and my PC speakers
When this unit is turned on AFTER the rest of your system is already playing,is there a volume drop?
Do the so called spectrum bars at least bounce up &amp; down noticeably?
What is the actual dimensions? I'm particularly interested in knowing the height.
is there any way to activate the karaoke setting or the MS setting on this EQ?
8 months later the sound on my dm50 stays really low. changed batteries and same thing.
Anyone know how well this would work for training a Piaffe?
What is the difference between Seiko DM50 and DM50S? Thanks
Several reviews stated that the battery cover is difficult to access. Are other owners having difficulty changing the battery?
will a tyros 4 fit in this particular bag
Will it fit a Novation Impulse 49?
What color is this bag? Amazon pic for seller music123 is black, but on sellers website its gray ( including other companies)
I'm thinking of buying the novation impulse 49 kys or the axiom 49k. does anybody can answer me. How well the kaces 49 fit that controller?
will it fit the axiom 49 key 2nd gen?
What brand is this bass?
Does this bass work with rocksmith? Does it have a 1/4" output jack? Thanks.
it says it's a full scale bass but it looks like a short scale. Can anyone tell me which it is?
We bought this about 2 years ago and the gear on the tuning peg just broke. Do you sell a replacement for that?
Can I get it in left handed?
My low two strings aren't playing like they should, is there any solution to this problem?
what key is this bass?
Does this bass comes with the strap, cord and picks?
I need a p-bas style body only. i'll even take a used, marred or returned unit. i'd prefer the purple but will consider any.
dose it come with some sort of amp
How much does it weight?
Has anybody bought this harp and transported it on an international flight without incurring extra baggage charges?
Will this harp fit into a regular check-in suitcase (29", I think) to transport overseas?
Are there carrying cases that will fit the harpsicle?
What kind of strap is recommended? Can a guitar strap be used?
What are the dimensions of this harp?
Does it come with a tuning key/
can these be tuned to any key?
I can't help but to notice that there are strap studs, does that mean I can stand and play it?
can you ship it to China with extra shipping cost?
Do I just plug it into an outlet? Or what wire does it have?
Would this be a good spot to use with a gobo? Is there a better spot to use to create a sharp gobo image in my home to make say up to a 2' wide cir?
Are these LEDs dimmable through a DMX controller?
In a 20 x 20 foot room, how wide do you think I would get this spot? Can you adjust the beam, or is the width just based on distance from the subject?
can i use it as spotlight at weddings for spotlight dances
Is the LED bulb changeable if burns out?
Can you mount these to a T-Bar Stand? Is there a hole on top of bracket for a bolt to go thru?
Is there any warranty on this product?
Can a 5w or 10w bulb be used?
what is the lumen output?
Will this fit a Jackson King V?
Will this case fit a Gibson RD Standard?
what are the dimensions?
would this fit a jackson kelly bird guitar in it?
will this house a gibson firebird studio leftie
Will It Fit ESP LTD EX-50?
Will it also work with a left hand Exployer
can this fit the Gibson Explorer?
What is the length of the flute?
Finger holes are close together but are the holes also smaller for small hands
just curious why it's $20. cheaper than when I bought it a month ago on Amazon?
Spirit Flutes. What kind of wood is the flute made for small hands or women?
Will this fit on a Squire Standard Fender Strat?
Are these standard lace sensor gold pickups? Your description does not specifically say that. Please clarify.
Do you have this in an aged white or cream?
Has anyone tried the fit on an 80's made in Japan Strat?
Does this keyboard come with the power adapter? I see the PA150MM A/C Power Adapter is listed under "Frequently Bought Together." So that almost makes me think that the power adapter is NOT included with the keyboard.
Does this have Full Size keys? The description says "Piano Style Keys".
What is the best over ear headphone to use with the NPV80? Piano is my fav sound.
Is Sustain pedal included in the box?
the keyboard comes with its box? I'm interested , but I have a number of questions.
Does it come with a power supply and a sustain pedel?
Can this be used in countries that operate on 220 v electricity, or is a transformer/converter needed to convert the voltage from 110v to 220v?
Would this keyboard be sufficient for a youth group worship team?
can you add external speakers? does it have an output jack for headphones?
hmmm... Other sites say it takes 6 AA batteries. What's true?
Does it come with a stand for sheet music?
Does it have full sized piano keys?
can be used with batteries? which ones?
is a adaptor included in the box?
My unit isn't working. How do I activate the warranty?
Would this be a good purchase for heavy metal shows? Or do I only need a 600 watt powered mixer?
can i use powered speaker i have new ev 15
How do you hook up three stage monitors to this unit?
what kind of connection input is that in the back? will 1/4" work on that or is it something else?
Can you run 3 stage monitors through this system?
can this work with(6) peavey speaker (4) 1400watt each and 2 subwoofers 400watt each please answer me b4 i make the purchase
How do I get a cover for this unit - don't want to tear the knobs off.
What is the warranty on this product?
How big is this guitar? I'm a small person, so looking for something not too big!
I'm left handed and I would like to know if is possible to change the position of the strings or guitar tuning might have problems?
Question to all who own this guitar... do they all have the marker on the 3rd fret missing?
dose it come already stringed or do you have to do it yourself
how is this guitar shipped so it doesn't get damaged? Does it come with a case?
I would like to know which is the width of the neck at the first fret?
What's a good 9 volt adapter to buy for this unit?
Can I use this pedal for vocals?
How is it with acoustic electric?
Anyone else having trouble with the bypass when the pedal is off? It works fine on. But when switched off the signal is completely gone.
Does the stomp switch turn it on and leave it on (until you stomp again), or is the stomp switch one of those that you have to keep your foot on the pedal to turn it on and keep it on? In other words, is the stomp switch an on-off switch or a momentary...
can you do ambient swells with this pedal??
can you do ambient swells with this pedal??
Will this amp run on 220V supply
How much does it really weigh and is it really 2 ohm stable??
I have two questions: 1. Can this amp power 2 pairs of sub woofer speaker (cerwin vega cvi-218s); 2. where can I get this amp that operates on 220v?
Also am i able to buy a warranty with this item?
Could this power two STX JBL 818 4k watt peak subs?
Can I hook this running sp 118's with 5000 and sp 2"s with pv 1600?
Hello, Will the A channel speaker output support a mono 1/4" plug or do I have to use a TRS 1/4" plug?
Curious if these would work to keep noise from a neighbors bass out?
i cannot hear anything below 60hz in my room with my studio monitors, will these be able to help with restoring the bass sound to my monitors? (Event 20/20 bas are my monitors)
I setting up an in-home yoga studio -- just took out carpet flooring and put in cork flooring. The room without the wall to wall carpeting now has an echo. Will these corner trap boxes help the echo? I prefer this solution to wall panels.
Can you confirm that this price includes 4 bass trap boxes that are 24" x 12" x 8"?
HOW MANY ARE IN A PACK?
What are the products Dimensions in package ? I'm trying to calculate the shipping costs
Is there an install guide? How would a novice place these to contain sound?
So if I do my math based on the answers to the other questions, this covers 24 square feet?
Will the Ape Tape be strong enough to have them mounted to a ceiling (the ceiling is plywood)?
Will this product keep outside noise from coming in?
Can these foam panels be cut?
Does anyone who owns these notice a smell coming from this product? If so, how strong?
What is the NRC on these?
Have any of you painted these tiles? If so, was there a noticeable difference in diffusion/ absorption? Thanks for your time.
What exactly does this Footswitch do?
I have a Fender mustang 1 V2. Can this switch do anything else apart from switching between presets?
would this work with the marshall dsl40c?
I have a Mustang 2. When this pedal is plugged in does it limit me to just two saved presets? So I would have to unplug to get back to a factory prese
How long is the cable?
Hi there, how heavy is it? i mean the weight....
I have the Fender Mustang I V2 Amplifier. Can I choose which 2 settings to switch between when I use this switch? It's not giving me an option.
Can this pedal can work with any amp head?
LED is lit when on my clean channel, off when I'm on the overdrive channel. This doesn't seem normal--anyone else w this issue? Amp: Marshall MG30DFX
Hi there, I'm trying to order this footswitch from New Zealand, but it's saying that you don't post there. Is that right?
In the description it says "110 Volt Switchable Power Supply"....does this mean the power can be switched from 110v. to 220v/240v?
got 2 rockford fosgate p2 at 2omps 800 watts will it push them with out shutting off
Is the power rating on this unit accurate...it looks a little exagerated.
Does anyone use this unit for live acoustic performance? If so, how does it work in this setting?
is it possible to press the loop store button with your foot/toe? if so, are you able to store the loop while the loop is playing?
Are you able to take three phrases on the digitech stereo looper in and out like the Boss Rc50
Do you need to buy a separate amp to use this set?
Can you hook up a mp3/iPod and at along
Can I change the sounds each pad produces? Let's just say I wanted all toms, or I wanted to change the 2nd tom to a ride so I have three cymbals ...
I play left handed. Is it possible to move the snare and hi-hat to the other side?
how do you know what toms are what?
Is the power plug compatible to Australian Standards and fit Australian general power outlets?
Can i set custom MIDI inputs for the pads? i want to use this with RB3
Do you know if this cable will work with the shure sm58 microphone?
Does this pick up EM noise? I.e. is it balanced up until the 1/4" jack?
Can I use this cable for a karaoke machine that has mic ports?
Can you use this to connect from your Sound Board to Piano?
will this work the Behringer Ultra microphones XM1800S ?
Is the bag upright when you put it on the floor or does it sit at an angle?
Will a Kontrol S4 Mk2 fit?
Will this fit a vestax vci-380 plus 17" laptop?
Can these be daisy-chained?
How are these powered? Do you need a power amp? Or could I get by with something cheaper?
Do the speakers come with speaker cables? could you insert headphones?
Will this work for a violin if the shoulder rest is left on?
How tall does it go?
Is there a hook or something on it to hold a violin bow? I couldn't really see one in the picture.
Will it hold a baritone Ukulele (larger than a tenor uke).
Will this stand fit my mountain dulcimer?
Does it fit a 1/8 violin
Will this work for a Erhu (two string Chinese instrument)?
will this work for a fender mini 3/4 guitar?
does this work for a dulcimer
Would this securely hold a concert or soprano ukulele? I know it said it could hold a baritone or tenor, but these are smaller than either of those
Is this item for sale the e-109 or e-108? The description is for the e-108 but the picture shows the e-109 model.
Are there any controls to vary the sensitivity to the sound level or to vary the the speed of the lighting changes?
Do the color beams react soley to the any sound or do they vary based on pitch, bass, etc?
Do the lights stay on when there is no music playing or no loud sounds?
Can the turntable be played with the cover in place? (meaning: set the needle and then replace the cover.)
Will this for the Techniques 1200 MK5?
Does this come with the necessary hinges and screws?
Will this fit on the Vestax PDX 2000? (sorry for the double up question...signed into right account now)
Will this fit on the Vestax PDX 2000?
Will this cover a SL- 1910?
Will this fit with a faceplate on the 1200s?
Will this fit Stanton T92 ok?
Hello, can works in an Sl 1200 M5g?
Will this fit the Technics SL-1700 mk II?
There are 2 footswitch jacks in the back of my Delta Blues 115. One for channel and one for reverb/tremolo. How many switches do I need if this switch
Can This Be used for a Rogue Amp ? How Long will this be on Sale ?
If an effect is hooked to the loop how is it controlled by the pedal? Pedal should only be chan switch and verb
How do you use this pedal for effects switching as it's described as being able to control?
How many inches are they?
Can adults use these too?
What diameter size are the heads on these bongos?
How does this amp sound with a mic and guitar hooked up at the same time? Do the signals fight each other or are they both clear?
Does this amp used for electric violins?
dimensions?
Can I hook up a concert ukelele to this am?. If so how does it sound?
Can you use the 1/4" input for acoustic violin, and plug a guitar (1/4" out) into the xlr input at the same time if you have a preamp with xlr out?
What's the difference between the 2011 and the 2015?
is this amp compatible for an electric cello?
My guitar has a Sunrise pickup in the sound hole. Do I need to boost the signal coming from that before I plug it into this amp?
I can't determine from the spec's if I can add a foot pedal...yes/no?
Will this work with a Mic that has no On/Off switch? Using Sennheiser E835 Mic.
Does this set come with a book on what songs are on the system
I just received this today, how do I connect it and play it on my PC? I wanna use my PC not my TV to sing. Usb driver installation failed also.
the chip et spx spanish have the same song that et-9k spanish?
Hello, i want this product with spanish songs
Hello, I want this product but would like the spanish version. Please let me know if the songs that come with the product are spanish. Thank you.
How is this one different from the #996353005 for $406.?
Does it store loops or do you have to set them up every performance?
Do you have to play a guitar to be able to use this product?, I am a drummer.
Purchasing for husband to open up and begin to sing and play on Christmas day. What all do I need to make it work and not wait until the store opens because I forgot one more thing? Thanks for your help.
I'm missing the most important element! Why type of amplifier or speaker shall I get to hear my sounds? Also, can a bass amplifier work?
comes in its box? and brings the power socket?
is it possible to use other mics with voicelive touch or can you only use TC vocal microphone?
Can This device be used to record with Logic?
What type of cable do I need to connect from VoiceLive to the amp?
Can you send a backing track signal into the processor instead of a guitar or piano to create your vocal harmonies?
Is the power supply cord included?
if i were to use this booster for a motorola cable modem and two tv's, would i need the active return?
Will this booster work with the Comcast Xfinity X1 system?
Do unused connections need to be terminated?
Does this signal booster work with Verizon FIOS TV?
Compared to BDA-K1-RA, the gain for K4 is significantly lower. Is this the case even if I only use 1 of the 4 channels? Termination matters?
Is this unit MoCA compatible?
can it be used with time warner cable and phone modem
Will this device work with a cell phone signal booster, such as those made by Wilson, for example, the Wilson Electronics - DB Pro?
can this product be used with satellite systems
Does the power supply support 220V AC ?
if my comcast business modem has SNR of 40 with downstream power level 10.5 and upstream level of 47 can amplifier help with signal drops?
So I need to purchase two RG6 Coaxial cables with Type F connectors separately?
How can I measure my upstream power level, so as to determine whther to use this BDA-K1-RA or the BDA-S1 without active return?
What's the proper way to install this? Does it come with a power supply? Cables? what additional stuff do I need to provide? Are DC blockers required at TV ends?
Will this help if I have Downstream 39.1 dB SNR, -8.3 dBmV Power and Upstream 48.0 dBmV ? My particular challenge is we have a handful of channels that either won't show up or are highly pixelated for a single TV. The channels come in fine with our...
Is it normal for this thing to be really hot? after a day of use it was too hot to touch and at that point i was without internet while it was in use
Hi my upstream power level is 31.50 dbmv which for my modem is quite low and am experiencing frequent ping spikes. Will this boost the upstream power?
Is this amplifier MoCa compliant?
Will it work as HD antenna booster?
Why is the USB socket on top, does it get in the way?
Is this Pro Tools 11 AND Mac 10.9+ compatible on a 2.5GHz Core i5 iMac?
I'd hook PA speakers to Main Mix LR, how about subwoofer(s)? does the diagram show AUX to hook a subwoofer? how about subs with LR connectors? Txs!
Is the headphone jack stereo or mono?
if i want to connect mixer to my receiver, which port should i use to connect it?
Hi I deal with karaoke nights , DJ sets and live acoustic . This mixer is fine for my purpose ?
Hi, Would you recommend a Yamaha MGP Series (Not MG) over the zed? I have tried to do so much research on the mixer, and still doesn't have a fi
Can you play music through a laptop and record on the laptop at the same time?
Can 3 or 4 microphones be in use simultaneously on this mixer?
how to access the IK Multimedia's AmpliTube X-GEAR software zed-10fx. There is no CD and nothing in the manual.
Would a Behringer BX4500H 450-Watt Bass Amp Head work with these? Or would the Behringer Classic 550-Watt BVT5500H be better? Overkill or underkill?
for bass combo amps:which is best 1x12" or 1x15' speakers ?
What cords are recommended to connect these to a Behringer Classic 550-Watt BVT5500H
what is the size (dimensions) of this anti-static mat?
Will I be able to put a motherboard directly on it for when I test my rig? Buying regardless - just wondering how the surface is.
Is this a conductive mat? Does it plug into a the ground of an outlet? Is it made of carbon conductive materials?
what is on the backing of the mat?
The mat comes in a 36' pouch. I need to send it to another county but 36' shipments are expensive. Can you fold the pouch (to cut the length to 18')?
Has anyone used this under a sewing/embroidery machine?
is the mat heat resistant? For doing hot air work or soldering for example.
why is it taking so long for this item to ship?
Is the black a glossy black or matte black? I'm wondering how easy it is to keep fingerprint smudges off of the body.
Comfortable to play seated?
How will it work for small hands?
is this small enough for a kid about 8 years old?
This is clearly a knockoff of the Behringer model sold for $39.99 on Amazon. Is it a piece of crap, or is it comparable to the name brand one?
I can't tell from the picture. Are the plugins 1/4" or 1/8"
i got this I dont understand how to use it. my windows 8.1 computer recognizes it but I cant record anything in audacity or use it in rocksmith.
will it work with a preamp?
does it have a 64 bit version? wont work with windows 8.1
Does this work on Windows 7
Hello. is compatible with adobe audition?
To plug an electric guitar into a Mac for GarageBand recording, can't I just use a 1/4" female-to-3.5mm-male plug adapter in the mic jack (vs. USB)?
It does work with a electric bass? I don't need a professional quality, just home recording...
Any idea if this works with the Behringer UCG102 drivers?
Is there an aux input on this thing if I want to plug in an iPod or external music source to play along with?
Would someone be willing to post an audio clip of what this headphone guitar amp sounds like?
i had askd amazon if i could plug into mp4 walkman an they told me yes i can so is that true, because u can plug into a ipod
Can it be used with a looper (such as the RC-30 which has a 1/4 mono output) ?
i kno nothin about this item, i would like to kno if it will help the bass sound on my mp4 player a lot
what does it mean 1x15 3way speaker
Compared to the qsc kw153 3-way speakers?
i want to know the meaning of 2x15 2-way ?
i want to know the meaning of 2x15 2-way ?
What battery does it use?
Can the barn doors come off easily?
Anyone use BATTERIES on these?
does this light come with a stand?
Can an electric keyboard be hooked up to this? Can it support a mic at the same time?
why does the fuse keep blowing when i turn it on?
Does the PA have phantom power?
I need to know how to hook everything back up correctly on my Harbinger HA120. What cables go where?
Can this system support wireless microphones or is there an additional unit needed for wireless microphones
Can you mount the speakers to a tri-pod stand?
Does this come with power cords and speaker cables?
Can I use both the mic in and the line in for each channel, or only one?
Can you hook up a stand alone sub to this set up?
how many watts does it have?
What app do you download on your laptop? Can you use a Toshiba for this specific app? What laptop would you prefer?
I want to purchase for my 10 year old. What would he need to use this correctly?
What are some speakers for this system do you recommend ? I want to know before I buy any speakers . Thanks
can i use it with windows 8 ??
does this come with the serto software?
Does this unit have the ability to record what is mixed to store on a USB for play back later?
Does this have what I would need to do beat rolls and stuff like that or will I need something separate?
What is the best way to be able to have "cue" with headphones and also send the music to PA system?? Please help me. Thanks!
Can this product be used with an ipad?
So how do you que the next song without it being heard on the main output if there is no headphone jack?
simply i want to know that,with which software does it comes? like ignite or avid pro tools,, or... what? can anyone help me out?
Can the Axiom be integrated with Cubase?
Does it come with a 12V DC adapter for powering the unit externally, or does that have to be purchased separately? If so, what would you recommend?
When connected via usb, do the midi ports act as an additional midi interface for your computer to connect another midi device?
Does it work with fl studio?
Is this compatible for the most updated mac ios? i want to make sure the drivers are updated before purchasing.
Can this work with logic pro x on mac os x 10.9.2 mavericks? what about os yosemite? any users yet?
Can this work with logic pro x on mac os x 10.9.2 mavericks? what about os yosemite? any users yet?
Could i use this piano to plug it into a big speaker and play ?
Does this work well with the latest Ableton versions? MIDI controllers, basically make sounds in software and play?
What is the weight of this product
Is there a way to connect it to M-Audio M-Track? How would I connect both to PC if both are USB devices and Windows works only with 01 audio device?
Have there been any de-tuning issues?
Does this product come with the ignite software?
Does this keyboard map automatically into Logic Pro X? Is using it simple and straightforward?
The keyboard as build in speakers?
size length, width and heighth
Is there a magic button that gets the keyboard back to only the piano sound? if so, please tell me what it is.
what cord do you need to connect the computer to the keyboard? regular USB on both ends?
Can you use headphones with this keyboard?
Do you have to use quick start
Does it have a headphone outlet?
does it have a sustain pedal option?
Size? Is it heavy? Need to take on plane in carry-on luggage.
Does this have a tube or a solid state rectifier? If it's tube then which tube is it?
Does it come with a footswitch? Or is that an optional accessory?
I think I will make this my first tube amp. I have a couple of questions:(1) How long do the tubes last? (2) Do you recommend switching out the tubes?
does it work good for harp
Is it easy to swap out the stock tubes without any sort of special equipment?
Can you use headphones with this amp?
All the reviews and video of this with harmonicas is Blues (distorted sound) can this play "clean" stuff, or am I better off with a mini PA type amp?
Can you tell me what the highest recommended tube swap would be for harmonica playing, which is all this little honey is being used for?
The DC power supply included with this, is it 100-240v ie can it be used worldwide? Does the stomp get hot during usage like a normal tube amp does?
How do I reduce the hum from this thing? I just got it today. Any suggestions???
Can this be powered with OneSpot using an adaptor like the IsoPump?
hi, this comes with dc adapter?
can this work as a stomp box where you plug your guitar up to it and plug that it your amp?
I have this machine and not only does the microphone no longer work, but the power cord frayed. I can't get a cord for it that fits.
where can you see the words of the songs
Does this come with a cord to be plugged into the wall? If not, would it work with one I purchase?
where to find a replacement power cord
Can I plug two singing machine CORDLESS mics into this system?
Will an iPod's music play through this?
can you use cds in it
What's the difference between this and the SML-283P, besides size?
does this have the mic
does it come with a microphone?
Can you record tracks 1-8 while listening to tracks 9 &amp; 10?
Can i record first the tracks or accompaniment trax to sing , and after add one or many voices but all them synchronized, to make a song?
Would this unit be compatible with Mac, i.e., what are the system requirements for the CuBase LE?
I use Adobe Audition 3/Tascam US-428 (only works w Wnds XP) I'm gttng a new computer w/ Wndows 7 - Will AA3 recognize this as a Mackie Emulation or?
I use Adobe Audition 3/Tascam US-428 (only works w Wnds XP) I'm gttng a new computer w/ Wndows 7 - Will AA3 recognize this as a Mackie Emulation or?
Will I see each individual track in my DAW? I want to be able to edit each channel on the computer. Thanks for the help!
Can the drum track do odd time signatures? Can you change tempo/sig in the same track or are you limited to 1 tempo/sig?
How does this unit do for live shows and performances?
I have the old Zoom MRS-802, and it's been a great unit to work with the past 8 years. I wanna buy the R24. I'm assuming it doesn't have the CD port that the MRS-802 has, in order to do instant mixes onto a CD?
Hi, does anyone has experience of comparison R24 to Tascam DP24? I'm struggle to make my choice.
What is the length on this reel?
is this RGB Color Changing Magic LED can be installed outside in snow,rain and sun?
ANy ideas how I could use a battery pack instead of a plug in power supply?
what is the difference between the different snark tune (Sn1, 2, 5, 8, 13, etc...)
Will it work with electric guitar ?? with or without amp?
Does it assist on alternate tunings, specifically dropping step or half step?
does it work well for classical guitar
Do I need a Diapason to tune it? or it comes tuned? thanx
Is the metronome part practical? Does it make a sound?
I heard that snarks can cause damage to the finish of some guitars. Is this true about this tuner?
Can you use it to tune a piano?
Does this work on a violin also?
what kind of battery does it use?
Does it come with a battery?
I have a brand new guitar, never been tuned and I am tone deaf...will this help me tune my guitar or do I have to know how to play first?
Will this work for trombone?
can it be used for trombone
Will this work on a baritone ukulele?
does its tuner work for violin??
can it be used for mandolins?
how many batteries does it use
listing says "Snark SN-2 All Instrument Clip-On Chromatic Tuner" but product page says "Snark SN2 Guitar" which is it?
will it work for banjo
Just got it and it doesn't work with my guitar. It does play music though the head phones. Any thoughts?
Anyone have any issues with the 1/8" jack fitting into their iphone with a case on it? I have an otterbox commuter.
Can this cable be used to play along with music from my iPod, Pandora, Spotify, etc.?
Can it be used with an Android tablet? The app is available in the google play store.
Is there any way to use this where the sound output from the app actually comes out of the ipad speakers? So I can use it without having to get headph
What about this cable makes it iOS only? Standard Male 1/4" mono plug goes in the guitar and the 1/8" jack goes into any standard mini-jack, right?
I Simply want something to be able to plug my telecaster cable to my iPhone so I can use the istrober on my iPhone. Is their a better choice?
i want to record guitar on my laptop/ipad with no background noise, while playing through an amp. Will this cable do that? would i need anything else?
I'm trying to connect a Kay SG to my iPad, so I can learn to play guitar, but I hear nothing from the guitar on any of my apps. What am I doing wrong?
I wanna connect my phone to my amp to use as a speaker. Do you think tha will work?
Can the pitch be adjusted if necessary to match A=440? I have an older keyboard that's slightly out-of-tune and it can't be changed.
what type of batteries and how many does it require?
And I need to make sure I get the right Adapter? Please advise?
is there a microphone or jack for microphone?
What are the dimensions?
Can this be used as a midi controller?
Would this keyboard be small enough to bring on trips? how portable is it?
Can it connect to a computer?
My brother is paralyzed on left side of body. Could this keyboard be played with one hand?
How would you describe the sound quality?
I have a Francisco Navarro will this system fit on my guitar
Hello, I wanna know if will work with nylon string? Because my guitar has nylon only ...no steel strings
Can I install this on a Martin D 28 myself?
Can I install this myself?
Has anyone compared the Anthem to the Lyric? Does the Anthem have better low end? Better feedback control? Tone comparison?
Will the LR Baggs sound OK with a sound hole cover?I use sound hole covers for both my Taylor ES systems as well as my Gibson w/ Fishman Prefix Pro.
Has anyone replaced their Taylor ES with this LR Baggs Anthem and if so, happy or regrets? I think my Taylor ES sounds a lot brighter than my guitar
Can I install it on my Martin D16RGT?
Can this hold a MXL 770 Cardioid Condenser Microphone?
Does the mic clip unscrew to reveal a standard 5/8" end? I want to attach the mic mount that my Apogee mic came with.
Can I use this to mic my classical guitar or do I need a stand with a boom?
Will this hold an Audio-Technica AT2020 USB Condenser USB Microphone?
Will the legs hold in adjusted positions, to use on a slanted surface?
Would this work with a Shure beta or pg 52 kick drum mic?
Can it support a spark microphone
Height adjusts fine, but there is no resistance for the direction of the swivel of the mic. It just spins freely. Am I missing a part?
what is the maximum weight that it can withstand
Is this stand compatible with a Heil PR 40?
I have a MacPro. Is this USB interface a good choice to play audio/music from the Mac to studio monitors and use to check sound levels?
Is the Onyx Blackjack working flawlessly with OS X 10.10 Yosemite
Does the Blackjack come with a USB cable? Or must the USB cable be purchased separately?
Interested in having this one shipped outside the US. Is it truely heavy? Gosh...10 pounds!?
I would like to live record do I need DB25-XLR Patch snake, or can I use straight TRS's from the Mackie 24.4 to the Mackie Blackjack . Please Help
Does this work with Adobe Audition? Interested in using it with the Shure SM7B which doesn't work optimally with my current interface....
Anyone know if the Onyx Blackjack 2x2 works with OS X 10.10 (Yosemite)?
I recently bought this and trying to figure out how to work it. Whenever I sing high or loud, the playback is staticy.
Is this Pro Tools 11 AND Mac 10.9+ compatible on a 2.5GHz Core i5 iMac?
having a problem with a delay in sound from the instrument im recording and the headphones. it records fine but the delay really throws me off. help?
I travel for work to Asia (15 hour flights) and I purchased a Speedster Traveler Guitar and I carry an Iphone 4S. Basically, if I buy this, can I hear myself play through headphones with no other amplification device? I purchased an inexpensive...
thinking of bringing this as a gift to a friend in Italy. He plays electric guitars and has an ipad. Would the plugs on guitars in Italy be the same?
Does the I rig convert signal into Midi
Does this work with Android phones?
Can I use this for a headphone (practice) amp with my electric bass? Thanks
Would you be bale to use this for more than just one app on the iphone?
Will the iRig allow me to record straight from my Roland KF7 keyboard jack (via cable) into my iPad Air?
Can you record onto your iPad? iPhone?mor just play thru it? I'd like to record guitar songs and sing them like a karaoke song at church.
does this work with iphone 6 plus?
can you save your song to a file such as .wav or .mp3 ??
Need to know the kind of strap to buy for this guitar. Left Handed Black Acoustic Electric Guitar Full Size Thinline Cutaway Body
Can you use this with RockSmith? (Game console training game)
is there a double action truss rod in the neck?
which timber is it?
Does it have an output jack? If so, what kind?
Does this still come w/picks and would you recommend a tuner? Thanks
what size strings should i get for replacement because one of them broke
How long is this
Does it work with Rocksmith?
how long is this guitar? in inches please.
Is it low action?
will this guitar work for Rocksmith&gt;? I'm concerned I've been reading mixed comments
Is there a pick guard or is it just painted on?
Hello, is this a good starter guitar for my 15 year old daughter? Does it "hold up" well? Thank you!
How difficult is it to set up?
Does this guitar have a top strap button? I see a strap button on the bottom but that's all I could tell from the photos. thanks!
If they deliver the guitar in cold weather will it crack?
Looking for a hard case for this guitar. Any suggestions?
will these fit a casino?
would these fit a takamine g series
Will they fit a HD28 martin. glover496g
will the grover 406G rotomatic 18:1 self locking machine heads 3 per side fit my fender american deluxe plus strat.
Can this be used to tune 7 and/or 8 string electric guitars?
can this be used on an auto harp
can this be used to tune a Viola in perfect 5ths ?
Does this tuner use sound and vibrations to tune an instrument?
Is this a good tuner for open G, open D, etc
Does the metranome offer an audible sound as well as a visual sweep?
What is the full list of instruments for this tuner? I'm particularly wondering about saxophone, will it tune it?
So if the lowest it goes is C1, it won't pick up B0 on a 5 string electric bass. Right?
What is the length of the warranty?
Is there a "line out"jack?
Which battery needs?
could i plug this amp into my Presonus Audio box and record
will these be OK to use with my garage band to be used hooked to a voice mixer amp?
Can these be used with a PC? Do I need an amplifier?
will these connect to a traktor control s4?
What wires do I need to go with these speakers
How many speakers are their and are they wall mountable?
This is RCA jacks right?
I have fat fingers so I need a decent sized Nut Width. Can anyone tell me how big it is?
Is the body solid rosewood?
I have a guitar and after going thru all possible faults it appears that the nut is too high. I called the first fret, it's good what next?
Is this solid Rosewood or Rosewood Vaneer?
Has anyone compared this guitar to the Ibanez Artcore AS73? I am between the two-
is there a solid block in the body
Pricing on a Jay Turser guitar: I have been watching this item for awhile: Jay Turser Jazz Guitars Jt-133-tsb Semi Hollow-body Electric Guitar, Tobacco Sunburst This price at the moment is $258.51 - the strange thing is the price gets reduced 3 or 4...
how do you adjust the support? do you need to loosen the nut?
How much does this stand weigh?
I have some mic stands that have threaded tops rod, so can I thread this music stand onto these mic stands??
What are the dimensions of this tabletop stand?
How far back does the support arm go?
How far back does the support arm go?
Could this music holder be mounted onto a gooseneck extension and clamped to a tabletop? Is the support threaded under the rubber stopper?
Will this stand work for use on a mattress in bed?
What is this made of? I would like to get one that is steel, so I can use magnets to hold pages opened.
How much table space does this stand use (from front to back)?
What is the minimum height?
Does the seat swivel? Thank you.
Can it fold up and be made easier for travel than the way it is set up displayed in the picture?
does the seat come off for transport?
Would the seat work for a kid 3' 7".
What is the seat diameter?
will it hold a 280 pound guy?
What is the max height?
What do I buy for pedals if I want to upgrade the pedals to better pedals?
which headphones will work with this set?
Are the pads touch-sensitive?
Does this ship in plain a plain box like other Amazon purchases?
Do I need a computer to work with this instrument?
Is the adaptor universial @ 110V to 220V ? PLease help look at it &amp; feedback.thanks.
Do u have to plug it in to an outlet or can you put batteries in it?
Is it available for other country such as Malaysia?
What are the pad names of the spectrum drum sets?
Does this work for 22O volt? Can someone read on the plug and let me know what voltage this can handle? thanks
What is the weight of this case?
is there a compartment to put the violin sheets ?
More detail? Is there a pocket in the front/outside of the case to put sheet music?
I just bought your pernambuco bow recently and its too big for my current case. Will it for sure fit right in this one?
What is the minimum and maximum height of the top of the stool pad in inches from the floor?
How easy is it to put together?
What is the weight limit on this?
What is the diameter at the top of the rod (the part the seat joins to)??? I want to use my existing backrest seat on this throne.(mine broke).
what can I do,words do not show on screen when I play karaoke cd, can anyone give me a suggestion???
Is there a travel case for this karaoke machine?
what can I do,words do not show on screen when I play karaoke cd, can anyone give me a suggestion???
Is there an adapter so you can use an Iphone 6
will the ipod dock take a 5th generation ipod or new iphone 5 or 6&gt;
Can this machine be connected to the surround sound? If so how?
Can you use other Karaoke Cd's with this machine?
Can I plug my iPad into this?
Will it play recorded cd's and master trax accompaniment cd's??
What can I do with a screen that is so dim I can't read the words?
i bought mine last year and now the battery is dead. doesnt hold the charge, it has to be plug when i want to use it. where could i get a battery repl
Help please. The description is scanty. Could someone post the specs on this: sepaker size, watts, other relevant info? THX! : )
How big are the speaker(s)? How is the sound quality? Planning on using for voice and guitar.
Do you sell replacement hinges?
What would be the cost of a 6th panel?
How long will it take to be shipped to 34731 zip?
how much is shipping
Do you ship to US territories, like Puerto Rico?
We need two of these by this Fri Aug 8, 2014 using standard shipping. If we order this today Aug 1st, can you ship by today? Thanks.
What is the difference between the hinges that come with the panels and paying extra for the "living" hinges?
How much extra for the living hinges and how do I order them with the shield? thx
Are these to tone down the sound ?
Does this have the ability to preserve a loops delay/reverb trails after being switched off?
where is earth city sound co located? I live in california wondering how long the shipping would be..
is this unit better and more trustable than one control switchers?
Can you use it to switch channels on a fender supersonic 60 w head - I believe the footswitch is a special type?
Are any other cable adapters compatible with this? I need to get some different size plugs and don't want to order from Europe at euro prices.
What are the physical dimensions of this device (mm and/or inches)?
Can I use this power supply in the US and in Europe?
I have 2 Digitech pedals that says it needs 4.8 watts each. I have no idea how many mA's this is. Can anyone help?
How many 9v outputs does this power supplier has?
Im new at these things about power supply for pedals. Do you guys recommend this one? And also, can you recommend me some other power suppliers?
Are the cables - center + outer collar or vice versa? Also, for the output plugs what diameter(s) are provided? Thanks!
Does anyone know of a good way to mount this power supply on or under a Pedaltrain Mini other than velcro-ing it like a regular pedal?
Is there an advantage to a guitar affects power supply versus just a good power strip and typical 9V power adapters?
Can you use the right angle side of the supplied cables on the pedal and the straight side on the power supply or are they one way only?
Would this guitar suit smaller hands?
Is this a good beginner guitar? And would I need an electric tuner for a steel stringed guitar as this one?
Does it have nylon or steel strings?
Is this a Concert sized, Grand Concert sized, or a folk sized Guitar?
Does this guitar have knobs for a strap?
are their any directions on how to work the electric tuner?
Have you gotten a hard case for this guitar? Curious to know if it will fit in a standard sized case or if I'll have to dig around for a specific one.
I have a ultimate keyboard stand. I wanna know if i have to remove the handles for it to fit inside this case?
is this a stand and bag or just a bag?
Could you please describe the packing of the bag, I`m buying from other country and need to do the math about the size and weight. Thanks in advance!
should I buy this
What is the brand name of the product?
Does the xylophone rest on the stand or does it screw on like the practice pad? It is hard to see in any of the photos. Thanks!
Does the SMH-A0302 clamp kit work on its own, or do you have to have the SMH10 system with it?
I have a Sena SMH-02, will this work? I have it mounted on my full face and would like to use it on my half helmet this summer.
Hi - I'm new to this. I'd like to know the difference between Sena SMH5-02 and this model. Why is there such a price difference?
I have a Honda GL 1500, Can I connect this system to OEM radio/comm plug, and if so what do I need to do that?
Does the SMH-A0302 clamp work with the Sena SMH-10 model?
would the detachable boom mic work on a half helmet? Could it be attached ot the ear flaps of the helmet?
I'm thinking in adapt it to my Shoei Multitec helmet. For this, it's critical to know the LENGTH of the soft wire microphone CABLE. Do you know?
Hi, can I use this system with just a cellphone? I don't need bluetooth and just want to plug my phone into the jack for music and voice call.
Buy one of these but does not come with an electric charger. as recharge? I see only a connection mp3
work witth Nokia Lumia 720???
Is this the multivoltage version that covers 110-220V?
Can this light be set on the floor or does it have to be hung in the air?
Does this require a XLR microphone? Mine made a clicking sound and then nothing eventually the lights go off. Tried the knobs, but nothing.
How far away from the speakers can it be? I am doing a outdoor wedding so I want to know if it works outdoors and what kind of range the sensitivity
when daisy chaining 2 units together do i need dmx or xlr cable?
What do I need in order to mount this on a sheetrock ceiling? I want to put it in my basement. Thanks!
I have speakers about a foot away from the light and when I play music nothing happens but when I open a door the light works. Whats wrong with it?
I amhaving an indoor wedding in a large reception hall. How far will this light/ beam reach and how bright?
Why this electro swarm doesn't turn the lights back and forth and just on and off steady light? Is there any troubleshooting guide available?
How long is the warranty
what is the difference between the VAOM-02 and the VAOM-04 models please?
What about neck or string height adjustment? No truss rod?
The major airlines dimension allowance for carry on luggage is 22" x 14" x 9". This guitar measures 24.8" x 18.8" x 13.5. How is it legal to carry on
what is the nut width on the OM?
Does this fit into the overhead compartment of an airplane?
I am curious, why would the weight be 7 lbs, and the shipping weight 32.7 lbs? What are the dimension of the bag with the guitar in, and its weight pl
do you need to retune every time you fold it?
Why does it say acoustic electric can you plug it up to an amp
How often do you have to tune this guitar? Does it stay in tune well? How is the sound quality, as I can see its body is not as big as other guitars?
Can you put a strap on this guitar?
Does it come with a cable to plug in to the Amplifier?
is it an nylon or steel string
I bought a Jameson guitar,but would like change the picks for nylon .Is it possible? And there are some shop that can tune for me ? Thanks .
Is this good for classical?
Is the action high, low or in the middle when it arrives?
is there a beginners kit or do you sell it seperately?
It says Acoustic Electric, Does that mean its an amplified acoustic, Or can you shred on this with some distortion like a typical electric guitar
Does this guitar come with an input to connect the amp cord?
There are two pictures with two different color bridges. Is the bridge black or natural or what?
Does it sound good played both acoustically and amplified?
Does this have Active Electronics?
Is to good for beginners to learn guitar?
i am an amateur guitar player 16 years old and i wanna order this but i dont want to just waste my money, is it worth it
does this guitar come with a built in tuner?
What is the model? does it come with the gig bag?
Does it comes with a strap bolt at the neck?
Does it come with an amp?
how does this sound unpluged ?
Does this guitar work properly with Rocksmith 2014? I saw a review that said it doesn't, but it has 0/2 helpful ratings. Thanks for any answers!
what is your opinion on this guitar verses the karlos on this web site for 104 .00 then adding a pick up it would cost a bit more but which one would
What is the size at the nut? 1 7/8?
gutar in almond color
can I connect this guitar to a speaker system that would typically be in a church?
will this work with rocksmith 2014 the game?
can anyone suggest a good hard case for this guitar?
Are the strings easy to fret or push down?
Is the action low?
Another question: Is the case tall/wide enough to put LPs in it while still in their jackets, or do the jackets have to be removed for the LPs to fit?
Hi! What kind of material is this box made of? Thanks!
Last question: Is the case's lid hinged in back, or is it the kind that pulls off completely? Thanks!
Is it compatible with iPod classic
So it doesn't work with the newer stuff, does this mean that it will work on an iPod Classic?
'no software required'? so can I simply use the voice memos app on my iPod touch with this mic?
I have a 120 gb iPod classic, this is compatible test?
Will this item work on 1G nano?
Do you think this can capture noise from a noisy neighbor?
Hi, I bought Mikey 2,have iphone 3gs and I cannot download BlueFire software-not avail in US. what to do? thx
Does this mic work with a 5th gen ipod?
Does this device work on the 4S? Well.. does it?
Does this work with an iPod 4 8GB?
will it be to big for a 9 year old.
Whats the size of the amp and Will the amp work on 220 V?
Does It have a headphone jack
will it be small for a 6 foot guy?
does it come with tuner
Can this play as an acoustic guitar too?
is this guitar left or right handed?
I want to use this with that ps3 rocksmith 2014 edition does this have the correct plug in thingy it needs?
How long is the guitar?!?!?!
Does this guitar have steel strings?
Where can I purchase song pack's for my wow videoke that contains 'older" songs ie. 1950's- 1970's ?
where can i buy power charger.
How many Filipino songs are included on this unit ?
i need to buy the ac adapter for this product but i am not sure what exactly it is. anyone??
how do I turn off the the constant video playing
how do I turn off the the constant video playing
We try to install to television, but it says USB connect
wow videoke concerto pro 2 tkm-370p comes with filipino songs ?
hi, do the songs come with song assist voice?
It comes with metal strings or nylon? if anything can I use nylon strings on it? And it also comes with the strap right?
es
Is this a 3/4 size guitar?
Does it come assembled with strings already attached?
Is this guitar acoustic-electric??
How can I control computer volume through this mixer!
Can I hook this up to my laptop and my laptop to my receiver/tv via HDMI and the sound would be output to the receiver/tv? Using as a karoake system?
this console brings the usb cable and installation cd of sofwart?
I want to place a few boundary mics in a conference room and mix them into a single source to feed a Google+ Hangouts On Air. Will that work?
Could this take the place of my focusright scareltt 2i2?
do you need to plug in cables into the red and the white plugs on the mix board
Does this machine work with windows 8.1?
MIDI inputs?
I'm looking for USB2.0 version. It's the new one. Do you have it? I can't find it published
Will this work with mixcraft software?
does the remote include a dimmer to decrease the intensity? I find it to bright.
Anyone figured out how to make the white a warmer white? Tried to figure out if can click 'w' and add some RGB or click another color and reduce color
It says don't use 2 strips with power adapter. Can I cut one strip in two lengths and use it with included Y connector?
Anyone know where I can locate instructions for the remote? Not sure how to program it.
If I'm not connecting this string to a data repeater, do I need to do anything with those 4 loose wires on the end?
Do you sell anything that would allow me to hook this up to a battery pack?
what are the RGB Wires at the end of the light strip do/supposed to connect to?
How many lumens does this put out on average?
I want to put one strip under my bar top and another above the cabinets in my bar. Is there a way to control both, separate, strips with one remote?
I have lost my remote control...can I order another ?
are the CR2032 batteries included with these tealights?
Do you know what the shelf life of the lights are (for example, would they work two years from now if they weren't turned on until then)?
Can these be used in luminary bags?
Do these blink?
How i turn this onnn???
Do they work without being immersed in water?
I ordered these and love them.. however I only need 4 more.. Can I buy only 4 more from you? And if so, how much?
Are these the Sumix 1 or Acolyte Floralyte LEDs or are they some other brand?
Can I remove the disc once I receive them if I won't be using them for a couple of weeks?
is made glass or platic
Where do you apply this, to the inside or outside of the case. I have a few 4-drive raid enclosures that hum when not touched.
How many pieces? the tech description says: Item Package Quantity: 1 but the item description says: package of two foam pads which is correct, which is incorrect?
Does this foam have a 'smell'. And if so, does it go away or diminish over time?
How thick? Which of these is incorrect, and why is it incorrect?
The case i would like to put this in has a side panel window, so how would i go about cutting the shape for the window, as well as for fans
How well dose this dampen coil whine noises. I,m a silence freak and I'm having trouble with my gtx 970's horrendous coil whine. Will this help?
Does it matter if not all of the computer case has foam, like if i want to cut room for fans or a panel window, will it not reduce noise?
Can I use this product stick on outside of my sink to reduce vibration noise from SS sheet metal sink when I turn disposal on?
Could I layer it between tv, soundbar stand, and cabinet. to decrease sound vibration coming from a audio soundbar stand?
Would this work between a shelf and the wall it's mounted to, to isolate the noise and vibration from an aquarium pump sitting on the shelf?
Are these schaller locking tuners a direct, drop in replacement for a mid 2000's PRS SE Soapbar II guitar (Korean made 2 P90's, double cutaway) ?
Anyone know if these will fit a BC Rich Warlock?
Do you purchase these in a set of 6 or do you have to purchase them one at a time. I have a Gibson Les Paul and and also wondering if they will fit.
what is the gear ratio? of the schaller 3 per side locking tuners
Hi, this pin schaller fit neatly into a PRS 245?
Work well with serato?
Does the numark m6 have a built in soundcard?
Is the XLR mic input included in USB output?
Does this mixer work well for scratch dj's?
Can I connect my computer to the usb port as an out port and use virtual dj from my laptop?
Can this board power Behringer EUROLIVE B212XL ? without an amp
Good with turntables and scratching?
Does this mixer have a built in sound card
Can you connect a external fx unit to the channel 3 usb port?
Using this as a sound card on mac or windows, will it see inputs on mixer as inputs on sound card? Including the separate mic input?
DOES IT WORK WITH FL STUDIO
Does this keyboard work alone or does it have to be plugged into a computer? (Can you just plug it into the wall and play?)
How is the velocity action? Are the curves good? My current controller has really bad velocity curves. It's not quiet or abrupt, is it?
Is the LE software included
Will M-Audio keystudio 49 work with Cubase or Garage band
I got this today but it is easily out of tuned (every hour). Is this normal for a new instrument?
Was your Cordoba 15CM set up by the seller before they shipped it to you? Low cost ukes often need a decent set-up in order for them to play well.
Hi, I have checked the Cordoba website, it said Mahogany top and side. But the 20 series did indicate that it is SOLID top. Is this SOLID top too?
New uke &amp; it sounds "off". When I play each string separately, it sounds in-tune but when I strum all four together, it sounds out-of-tune, why?
Does this come with a bag?
Is the abalone shell design a sticker? Does it seem like it would come off or otherwise cause a problem with the appearance over time?
Is this a tenor ukulele?
What is the overall length of this instrument? 32" x 6.5 x 10 seems large for a concert size uke.
I got this today but it is easily out of tuned (every hour). Is this normal for a new instrument?
does this come with a warranty
Is it compatible with Windows 8.1?
can i use this device to record my lyrics from a mic on to a hp desktop ??
What kind of end is the usb cable?
will this run on windows 8? thanks?
Does it come with the original box?
Is this compatible with a windows 7 AspireOne Mini Labtop.?
Product images vary; Which product will I receive? Has anyone ordered this exact item here at Amazon, and if so, which device did they receive?
Would this work with a banjo dulcimer?
Will this soften up a resonator banjo so it would be more appropriate for clawhammer style?
would this work on a compensated bridge
will it work on a 4 string tenor banjo?
Will this work on a 6-string banjitar?
Anyone use this in lieu of having to put a towel in resonator to prevent feedback when plugged in?
Do the strings need to be loosened to install mute?
Does it work with a compensated bridge?
I had this item in my shopping cart a few days ago. The price, I think was $11.52. After a few days, I checked back and it was over $1033.50
These are the recommended strings for my Martin 00-15M. I'd like something warmer in a light gauge. Suggestions please.
What is the difference between these and the actual Cleartone brand strings? Anyone know which sounds better?
What material is the high E and B strings made from? Is it plain steel, silvered steel, etc.?
Are they "bright"?
i don't have a computer.Can I play it on my DVD player that is hooked to my TV
Is this compatible with Windows 7 SP1?
How do I connect my Bass guitar to my PC to use this program?
Is the program able to run on computers that use Vista?
Electric Bass: Anyone plugged in an electric bass guitar to this amp?
Does this amp works with any electric guitar or not?
can you plug in an acoustic guitar?
turner
mic input? Can you use a mic with this amp?
Can i use the Fender 2-Button Footswitch on this amp?
Does it sound good at very low volumes? w/ Classic distortion = Heartbreaker Zepplin, ZZ top, Clapton
Can this be used with electronic drums?
Does it work with Apple computers? iMac, macbook pro?
If you buy a new one, does its come with enough instructions for a novice to set up different sounds on the amp?
Can an 8 ohm 1 x 12 or 4x12 cabinet be added, is there a jack in the back of the amp to accomplish adding a cabinet, and if a cabinet is added, does
Can it be used as a bass amp?
Does Mustang II 40 Watt Has got Line Out Put? That can be plugged into Main Sound Mixers of a Live shows?
Is this loud enough to carry with a full band (drums, bass, lead guitar) in a basement practice situation?
can a 1x12 or 4x12 8 ohm cabinet be added, does it have an output jack on the back? Does the amps 12" speaker still work with a cabinet?
is this a tube amp?
Would this amp or the mustang 1 be a good match for a Squire CV Telecaster??
Can you play thrash or speed metal on this amp.
I want to use this with a laptop to teach exercise online using a MAC. Will this product work for this?
Besides the SE10 having a 3.0mm mic and the SE50 having a 2.5mm mic, what other differences are there between the SE10 and the SE50?
What's the difference between an SE10 and an SE50?
How long is the cord? Some reviews say the cord is short.
Anyone using these with the GTD Audio G-787H body-packs?
Can I connect this to my computer right away or do I need additional tools to do so?
Is the SE10 compatible with this type of coupler/adapter? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003...
Should the SE10 be used with phantom power?
This product includes cable?
I understand this, I am looking for the body pack with the headset. do you have a set up like that for my stage 266?
Do you remove the cords before drinking your coffee or hold them to the side.
noise
Can you plug a ipod into it and listen to the music through the car speakers?
How long is the cable to plug into the cigarette outlet?
USB PORT. --- 1.How many amps? --- 2.Will it charge an iPhone 5s?
There is a switch on the cigarette outlet jack -- what's that for? It is automatically pushed to the rear position (towards the cord) when I plug it into the cigarette lighter. I hope it's not supposed to be in the forward position because inserting it...
which is better? - 1. THis one 2. BESTEK Dual 110V AC outlets and Dual USB 3.1A 300w power inverter car dc??
my car lighter socket shows max 120W. will it break the fuse if i use this inverter?
I have a portable tv that works with 100-240v and 3000mah. Can i use this device to charge it?
Would this be compatible with a Bosch 12V battery charger? It would be a gift, so I want to make sure! Thanks!
Includes the clamps? If not what kind of clamps it needs?
I want to hang a backdrop from this. What would be the dimensions that would properly fit within the poles?
what type and brand are these lights? and would it be a appropiate for an outside party
What size clamps does this require?
I have one piece of equipment that weighs 38 lbs. Would this setup support that weight if hung in the center of the truss? I need a very stable setup
includes the lights?
includes the lights?
How is the audio quality, compared with Focusrite gear in the same price range (e.g., Scarlett 2i2)?
Can you record the tracks separately and then play the recorded track and record a second or third track ( Iam a one man band )
How many tracks can you record simultaneously to your computer (onto separate tracks)? I need to record 4 at the same time.
Does this come with any music soft wear?
Would I be able to record a podcast with this, using 4 XLR condenser mics simultaneously, and a USB from the Akai to a laptop to record in Audacity?
Does this interface work with the latest version of Mac OS X Yosemite version 10.10.1?
Can this work with my PC? And can I use novation launchpad and controller on here?
I have multiple Shure SM58's. I've heard that you have to use a lot of gain for the XLR inputs to get a decent volume. Is that an issue?
not enough inputs for my drum kit! wanted to buy another akai interface but im unsure about if its daisy chain compatible?.. help please! 8(..
can I plug a keyboard into the audio inserts in back and use those as extra spots to plug instruments into
My daughter got this for Christmas didn't realize I had to get an adapter. I ordered that and everything on the computer says its working but its not
Can I plug this up to my computer?
Is there a trick to standing it up so it doesn't fall over?
How well is this for youtubing? Should I buy this or not? If not recommend a good mic.
Does this mic work with Xbox
What program do you use to record with im waiting for mines to come in tryna make sure i know everything i need to know before it comes
Is this better then the Blue Yeti microphone?
how does this connect, is it a plug or something else?
How well does this mic work for vocals? And does the quality of my interface determine the sound quality I'll get?
Does anyone know how long the XLR cord?
Can I bypass both the built-in mic and the preamp to use it as an A/D converter only?
Can i record my yamaha ES-7 keyboard into it STERO?
Is the wire required to connect the guitar/bass included? how big are the cables included?
Can I hook this up to my iPad?
In garageband... could you record two tracks in one take ... like one track using the built in mic and one track using the guitar input...?
Are all the wires included?
is this a full length bass?
What is the width at the nut?
what gauge strings should I get to fit?
does it come tuned
I got my Maxam and I the height of the string is pretty high. Whats an average height for the string to be set and measured from where to where?
Does this come with a case?
Is this bass a short scale?
Does it come with a bulb?
What is the diameter of the opening, please?
Is it compatible with a Panasonic Lumix DMC FZ35?
which wireless trigger i need for 180W
What beauty dish will work with these?
I am interesting in using this light with a gel filter. What filter can i use to mount in this?
Hi, Wanted to ask: 1) are the bulbs replace able; if so, how much? 2) will I be able to put a reflector on this unit? 3) slave capable?
What type of bulb does this use? Is this an alternative to the Alien Bee 400?
Where can i get a replacement flash tube for this unit?!
How do you diffuse the light? Can an umbrella be mounted?
what is the warranty of the bundle equipment Vox AC1RV 1-Watt 2x3 Guitar Combo Amplifier , AC Adapter , Guitar cable?
workds with fiddle/violin ?
im looking for a amp for my epiphone casino.. will this give me a close sound of the beatles around 65-67?
Hi,does it work for a bass guitar??
Does it have a belt clip?
will it work with an electric acoustic ukulele?
Greetings friend product has headphone jack? maybe the product is made &#x200B;&#x200B;in China? or is product made in USA? thanks
Is the AC adapter center pin negative and the barrel positive? I want to use a 9V power supply for BOSS pedals.
Does it work with a bass?
Does it have a jack for an AC adapter?
What country is it made? China?
This device works only on 110V? No 220v?
Can someone please upload a clear picture of rear panel without package? Need to know available connections. Thanks
do you need to use a amplifier with this also or just plug it in?
I have acorded Microphone that a person has to hold it very close to mouth. How is the senstivity of this mic? How close this mic has to be from lips for a strong sound?
Is the receiver compatible with other brand microphones?
What are the output jacks?
What if you don't have a rack to put them in? As a KJ how would I haul them around and can I set it up without being in a rack?
Will this mics be effective in a church setting? Need it for lead singers and needs to project loudly and clearly. Would you recommend?
Are the XLR output plugs on this unit made to receive male or female XLR cable ends?
Would dubstep sound better on these or the Sennheiser HD 598 Headphones.......since they are both close to the same price...?????
Are the Q701's that Amazon are selling still being Made in Austria or do they now sell the ones from China as of this year 2014?
Do these headphones NEED an amp because I will only get one if it is absolutely necessary
Does the Fiio x3 have enough power to drive the Q701? For entertainment purposes.
Are these noice cancelling at all? I need noice cancelling headphones, and these are 100$ cheaper than the Bose ones...What do I do?
are these phones good for ipods?
Practical Q: Are these cool/comfortable for extended wear -- I often get hot/sweaty that can make the best of cans unenjoyable in practice
How do these headphones perform for studio? So, mixing, mastering, engineering and recording.
How bad is the sound bleed? I've never owned open back headphones and would like to use these for commuting while minimizing bothering others.
I have the AKG K240 powered by a Fiio E07...how much of a difference will upgrading to the Q701 make with that setup? 192-320 kbps MP3s mostly.
Aside from minor cosmetics and a celebrity endorsement, is there ANY real difference in sound quality/signature between the Q701 and the K701?
Are they good for DJing?
Does the 701 have a removable cable? Or is that only the 702? Thanks!
Do these come with a service manual?
Does anyone know(or suppose) if this headphone will work fine with a USB DAC like Dragonfly 1.2v?
The AKG Q 701 Quincy Jones headphones say the special features "Microphone", I was going to buy the headphones and a modmic but will I need to?
Does it come with a case?
Practical Q: Are these cool/comfortable -- I often get "hot ears". that can make the best of cans uncomfortable. I use Sony PFS-V1 yet they lack bass.
I have a dac and the v moda's lp 2. How would these compare to them? I listen to all genre's of music
I received these a few days ago and do they drastically improve with burn in? I am thus far not totally impressed with the detail/separation. Thanks!
were is ithis Q701 MADE? China or Austria?
What is the Nominal impedance (OHM) value?
Are these good to listen to, hip hop, rap, metal, techno, dub step, salsa, bachata, pop, pop-rock, R&amp;B, Latin &amp; alt-rock? i like to listen to pretty m
Anyone compared these with the akg k550s? How's the comfort levels between the two? I know they'll sound different, and the 550s are closed back.
I heard the white one selling is made in China already , how about the black one ? Still possible be old stock from Austria ?
How long is the longest cable that come with these?
"How would Sennheiser HD 598 headphones compare to the to the AKG Q 701? Anyone out there try both?
Can anyone compare these to the Philips X2 Fidelio?
Does it have a microphone to use with iPhone
what is different bitten sires akg k701&amp;akg Q701
What is the diameter of the top of the pole that fits into the bottom of the upper speaker?
would this stand fit Gemini Rs-415 15" 1200 Watt Professional Powered 2 Way Bi-amped Loud Dj Pa Speaker System with Abs Cabinet.
i don;t get it - how does the crank/raiser work? also is it a tripod or just a pole?
Using the USB interface can you record every track separate in your DAW or are you stuck with the 4 outputs?
Can you use two of these at the same time?
Will this interface recognize if I plug a dynamic mic on one of the 4 phantom power inputs so I don't have to waste two inputs? (got 2 condensers)
Will this work with Sonar X3??
what is the difference between this item and presonus audiobox or foscusrite scarlett? does the same thing?
For drum recording when using the USB out will it separate my 8 tracks that I recorded IN so i can mix and edit all 8 tracks separately in post?
Do I have to use the Digital in and OUT into my computer to get all 8 tracks simultaneously recorded and separated in Cubase. Or with the USB out?
Does the multitracking work on GarageBand?
Can you power non powered monitors from this amp?
Why this do not recognize the signal processing in input for main signal processing interface software in Windows 32 bits?
is it battery operated or is it electric?
Can this be used as an amp/speaker for a cheap electric drum kit? The ones specific for drums are crazy expensive!
Can u use with a microphone
does this require batteries?
Would it be a good amplifier for a beginner? I'm a beginner at playing guitar and I want a good amp with good sound. Though I can't spend to much.
Is the size of the speaker 3.5" as the name suggests or 5" as stated in the specs?
can you use it on a violin
Is it possible to use this with Karaoke?
can you connect a mic to it
Can you the amp with wireless microphones
Can someone tell me the size of the pads please? Thanks.
Can I hook it up to an amp?
Does this come with an AC power cord?
Does it come with 2 pedals?
can it be used by a left handed drummer
What stand do you use with this or is it meant to be on a table top?
Other than hooking it up to MP3 player/ipod... can this drum set be hooked up to the computer for recording?
Why is Bass so low on this??? It doesnt have that punch to it...
Can you run a cable from the 1/4" headphone output to a PA system to run the drums through a sound system? \
How to play this drums with inbuilt speakers, my one only produces sound with headphones.
Will this hookup to a computer for direct recording via usb?
Can I use a Yamaha digital cymbal with this and would it be capabale of closed hi-hat through holding a foot trigger?
What is the power suppy? Is there a power adaptor or just batteries
Is an amplifier necessary or just optional? Can I play it right out of the box with no other equipment needed?
how many times can you overdub on the same track, to build your arrangement?
Will it play back your recording at slower speeds like 1/2 speed?
What type of file format does record on the SD Card? If I record a song from a jam so we don't forget it, can I make copies of that file to pass on.
When you change the Key of one song does it change the key of all the songs you have on the gb10
I need to record my own vocals at home. Can I use this and will I get great product (quality)? If not, can you lead my on my way to find what i need?
I have Tascam CD-VT2 CD vocal and instrument trainer. I want to be able to burn CDs without the vocal or transposed keys. How can I do this?
Hi! 2 questions here: 1) What is max record time of a single file? Iwant to record a whole gig 2) Can you disable mics &amp; record via Line-in ONLY. Thx!
Can you change pitch, or only speed?
Does it remove original guitar track during slower-speed playback, or is the point to play over original guitar track so you can hear it better?
How to download mp3 music files to my Tascam gb10
Can I plug my ipod into the USB port and use the USB port as an input for the ipod and play along with the tunes that are already on the ipod.
Is it true that the "speed" portion of the unit can only be adjust in 10% increments, 100,90,80 and not in 1% increments, 100, 99, 98?
How do you store the songs you recorded using the divice on your computer?
How is powered this Tascam Guitar Trainer&iquest;Batteries,Usb or AC adapter?
Will this work with an acoustic guitar or will guitar need a pick up?
I've copied all my CD's to iTunes. The files are stored in a .m4a format, will they work on this Trainer?
Will this work with music downloaded from ITunes since they're not MP3 or WAV files?
Would this work for an overhead light on a small stage? And how close do you have to get with the remote to adjust these lights? Thanks!
What are the height, width, and depth of the unit itself?
Does this light have a static mode? Can I choose the color I want on static mode? Can I set the static mode to a solid color without flashing?
purchased 2 par cans, 2 light bars 8/2011, have approximately 4k hrs. one light bar is no longer working (2 or 3 bulbs light up) anything i can do?
how many of these would be good for a four panel scrim ?
Are these bright enough to show solid color on a white wall with three 60-watt bulbs on or would the LEDs get washed out?
Does this product have a battery or does it need to be plugged in to a power source in order to function?
Can you hook one light to another so they operate together? Will the remote work on multiple units?
Is this a stand alone unit or it needs the DMX controller?
How well will it light/show, while maintaing a nice affect, with florescent ceiling lighting?
Can I use this with a bass or is there a different pedal for the bass?
Does it work only with single notes? Or does it also work with chords?
Can this be used with mic? Need Darth Vader voice
would like manual for this product
I need to play some bass parts on guitar. I see the PS-6 can do octave down plus octave up - how 'bout just octave down? Thanks -
If you use this pedal with the Roland Expression pedal you can use it as a whammy?
can i just plug my microphone in it and sing acapella with it harmonizing to my voice alone?
Will this make me be able to play exactly like Neil Peart? Or do I have to spend more on a better kit?
Does this kit come with a power supply or do you have to purchase one?
I'm an adult that is thinking about picking up the drums but I have almost no experience with them at all. Would this kit be a good place to start? How applicable would the progress I make be to a real drum set? Unfortunately, I live in an apartment...
Can you plug headphones into this so only the drummer can hear it.
what about the power voltage? im using 220V lol how do i even connect this
is there a midi driver for usb?
Will this work in 220 Volts?
Could i know shipping box size and exact weight ? thank you.
can you make loops on it?
It it possible to buy different foot pedals? The ones that come with this are borderline unusable.
Is the case sturdy enough to also carry a music folder and flute case inside?
Does this price include the case also?
does it come with a case ?
does it comes with the cable that can connects to my laptop?
does it work on GarageBand?
Is it possible for my son to play this standalone with headphones while we are driving?
Does it work with logic pro X?
Does it come with the MIDI to USB cable or do I buy that separately?
Can you use this with Reason ?
Does it work with ableton live INTRO version?
Does the midi controller perform the same operations as the MPC1000? (Is it better to have both, or one or the other?) Thanks
This will work with FL Studio right?
Will this work with Acid Music Studio 8?
when you press the power button does the sound fade off?
so is it possible to use my headphones to preview a song on one side in my headphones without the audience hearing it first? other than that im sold
do you have to use a computer with this dj mixer? is this dj mixer albe to play audio cd's?
With Integrated Audio Interface can I connect 4 speakers (2 pairs one each on the audio in 1&amp;2)?
does this mixer come with the cables to plug in the computer?
The Audio Out ports are RCA, do I need speakers with RCA inputs or can I convert the RCA outputs to another type of speaker input?
yes this is dumb... but where is the filter knob?
Can I use downloaded music like my network storage like cloud from my computer and do some mixing with it with dj controller?
Do you have to use both sets of RCA outputs or can using just one work fine?
Does this come with a dj program. I had dj Traktor to mix off of before. Will i need to get that program again.
Does it work with 32 bit computer?
does it work with maschine software? if so, how well
Hi. Need help. My granddaughter has a ipad mini. Can she hook this keyboard to her ipad mini? thanks!
Can It generate sound? Can you connect headphones?
Will this work with Logic Pro X &amp; Mac Air?
Can this keyboard be used for creating Drum tracks regaurdless of it lacking drum pads?
Will this work with an iPad?
Can you turn off the sensitivity?
Can i connect this to my mpc studio and will it work off mpc software?
Does the guitar come, somewhat in tune?
does it matter if the player is right or left handed?
How is shipped all the package ? is all inside hardcase? it's a big box? who comes separately?
is the guitar in this same as http://www.amazon.com/Yamaha-FG700S-A...
Does the guitar come shipped inside the case? Or is the guitar packaged separately?
Have Truss Rod?
Have Truss Rod?
I am planning to get this bundle. Want to know if guitar smoothly fits in the hard case?
What size strings are included in the bundle?
for the Yamaha FG700S Folk Acoustic Guitar Bundle a full sized guitar?
do you need anything other than what it comes with to make it work, or does the unit come completely ready to use
would it be good and worth the money for a child 10 who is totally into music. he eats , sleeps, and dreams music. he is willing to buy it with his own money.
can i plug this into my camcorder
what does it come with?
will it hook up right out of box to be used and not connected into anything else. grandson wants to walk and talk, as if he is teaching..
Could this transmitter work with receiver ATW-R700?
what frequency does it broadcast on?
WILL THIS BE COMPATIBLE WITH ATW-R2100?
How does the Yeti attach to the mic stand? The microphone has a base to sit on a flat surface.
Does the mic come with the USB cord ?
how long is the usb cord?
what is the boom stand called
is this usb only?
Can the stand hold the weight of shock mount, mic, and the pop filter?
Can the stand hold the weight of shock mount, mic, and the pop filter?
The stand doesn't look very stable. Is it sturdy enough to hold the Yeti and pop filter?
Does the pool filter work well with the Yeti?
hey i have purchases this blue yeti mic from yall. and the inside of the usb mic is mess up and the mic will not come on. can u fixs my mic for me???
Is this roll waterproof like some of your others? And I'm talking the more heavy duty waterproof (rubber coating of the top), not "indoor waterproof".
Is there a way to run these off of battery power, like AA's? And if so, can you recommend parts?
Are these individually addressable?
can this product be used with a Light-O-rama controller ?
Someone asked this, but never received an answer. Can these be programmed and controlled by an Arduino?
want to use these in small sections inside shadow boxes... what power supply? and how do i connect it?
Can this be installed in a computer via usb or PWM?
how many actual feet of lights is on the strip without counting the plug wire
I need a total of 30' of LED lights to go behind crown molding in a ceiling tray. What's the best/safest/easiest way to connect 2 of these?
I connected 2 strips (actually 1.5) with the clips sold for this purpose. 1 strip seems slightly off from the other on color. How adjust/fix this?
is this a steal string electric guitar?
do you have to string this guitar or are those extra strings?
maybe a dumb question...is this for a right handed player?
who is the manufacturer
i ordered the guitar in the picture yet got a completely different one. why?
Packaging that has dimensions? I take the guitar from Miami to Venezuela and calculate how much it would cost to such movement ..
Does it come with the cord to plug in the amp?
does it come with a amp cord?
is this a full size guitar
what is "high action" on a guitar?
I have this plugged in properly to my PC and the keyboard but there is no connecting. whats the deal? is it not working or am i missing something?
Is this a 5-pin MIDI in/output?
dose this work with windows 7
Will it work with Macbook's 10.8.3 OS? My current connector won't support over 10.6.
Will it work on Windows 8 in Ableton 8 with a Casio 88-key?
Does this cable support Mac OS 10.8? I had one that says support Mac OS X. But it doesn't work on my 10.8. Just wanna make sure.
can they be used on an iPad Air tablet?
Excuse my ignorance, these are for my son. Could someone tell me if these are wireless. Thank you.
Are these headphones good for movies?
How do these compare to the Numark red Wave, and the Shure SRH550DJ?
Can they be used on a Nintendo 3DS XL?
Are these headphones on top of the ears or over them?
Do these offer good passive noise cancellation and how bad is the noise leakage?
Do these have good bass and clarity?
Is the "violet" more purple or blue?
Can this be plugged into a Smart phone? Are they durable for someone who will use them to listen to while mowing grass for a living? Thanks!
what are the dimensions
does this work with the game rocksmith?
Is it's scale a "standard" Les Paul with 24.75 in (629 mm) scale length?
Dies this come w/a Guitar Case?
Is this light? Durable? I need a guitar that doesn't feel like it's on my shoulder and can be thrown around a bit.
Are the tuners the worst thing about this guitar?
Does this have a standard 1/4" output jack?
Does the Sonar software come with the purchase?
can you plug headphones into the 8 outputs on back with separate mixes for playback while recording?
Is there phantom power on this bad boy? And does it work with Windows 8.1?
Is this Roland bandle soft is still SonerX1LE? Not Ableton Live??
Is there a way to record 24/192 right out of the box using free software etc., or do you have to purchase software in order to record 24/192?
Acording to Cakewalk's website, Cakewalk Sonar x1 LE supports up to 24/96. So how do you record 4 track 24/192 if the bundled software doesn't?
it has 2 instrument inputs?
is the roland octacapture compartible with mac computers and logic pro x software ?
I bought the Shure 78S, Audio Technica Direct turn table, Audio Technica universal head shell. Screws are too short how to solve that please
will it fit on sl-1600
Is the AT-HS1 headshell compatible with an Audio Technica AT-LP120USB Direct Drive Pro turntable and Shure M78S cartridge / Shure N78 stylus?
How much does it weigh? Current set up is 23g cart w/ headshell. Cart is 7.2g and I need to stay below 18g
Is the AT-HS1 headshell compatible with an Audio Technica AT-LP120USB Direct Drive Pro turntable and Shure SHM97XE cartidge / Shure N97X stylus?
do u have a ion headshell without the stylist for ion ttusb10 ?
can this fit the Pioneer Model PL 12D?
Is the Audio-Technica HS1 Headshell compatible with a Technics SL-B3 turntable?
Will this head fit and replace a Thorens TD-150MKII AB head???
Will this fit a sansui sr-2020 bc turntable?
how many inches is this case?
Does the bag have shoulder straps so that it can be carried on one's back?
Does this bag really have the word "music" printed on it misspelled?
how much does it measure on the narrowest side i.e. width at the scroll? I am considering getting this bag to carry my sarod around.
What are the dimensions of the box where it comes folded in?
Does the bag have a pocket for music?
What's the shipping size?
Is the padding good enough to have strong protection?
Can you put smartphone or iPads on it?
will this make a good amp for a pair of baby tremors ??
WILL THIS AMP PUSH A SET OF BABY TREMORS ?
would this be good for a pair of baby tremor subs
Is it fan cooled
will this amp push a pair of dual SAudio 15s rated @ 4 ohms each cab ??
is this a left handed guitar ?
Does this guitar come with a bag to?
My 7 year old grandson wants a guitar......is this the right choice? Please hurry with a responce, I have to order this tonight. Thanks!
Does it have a strap
does it play well? will it fall apart after a little while?
is it made in united states
Should I buy this guitar for my friend if she has never played one?
Is this guitar manufactured in the US?
HOW DO I TUNE IT.?
How to tighten the strings?
my 13 year old is learning at school.....is this good for her to practice with? I dont want to spend alot until I know shes gonna like it for a while
How do you put the strap on?
Is this guitar for right handers?
Why am I having trouble tuning this guitar? I have 46 years experience playing guitar and having trouble getting this Sky guitar to sound right.
Is it nylon strings?
Would this be good for a left hander?
How big is it
What is the size of standard Gujitar.
I want to buy a set of strings for this guitar? Could someone recommend a brand. String 1 and 3 snapped.
Are these nylon strings or steel?
This type of advertising is misleading and it is suggested to remove Strat and replace w/ Star...
is this guitar for 9-11 years old kids
Does the amp have a standard headphone jack?
is this a good guitar for people with short fingers? Does it have a thin neck?
Does the amp have a headphone jack for private play?
Is there any warranty on this guitar? The jack is already broken.
is it plastec
I see a photo of a hard shell guitar case- is this included in the price?
What type of amp is this?
What style of guitar is being promoted in this ad?
Does it fit an ibanez premium 7 string?
Would this fit an Ibanez Iron Label RGIR28FE 8 string?
does it fit my Ibanez SA160QM?
will it fit an s8 (8 string)
I have ah Ibanez GRX70QATRBL left . Can you it fits to my guitar ?
Does it fit an Ibanez Roadcore 365H?
Will this case fit an Ibanez SR 800 Bass?
Will it fit a left handed RG450DXB?
Think this would fit an RC320 w/ a Bigsby?
Are the keys weighted?
Can you connect it to the computer as a midi controller? If so, how? Is there an extra cable to buy? The description only says MIDI in/out
Does it come with a power cord to plug in?
Do the speakers have good sound?
do it have real hammer action or do it just play like digital Casio keyboards
Does this have a 3.5 mm jack for headphones? What brand of headphones works the best?
does the keyboard have a music sheet holder?
what are the dimensions of the piano?
What does the product include?
What are the differences between the Williams Allegro 88-key and William Legato 88-key? There is about $100 price difference on Amazon. Thanks.
Thanks for your answer. I would like to double confirm if there are included accessories that mentioned on website.
Thanks for your answer. I would like to double confirm if there are included accessories that mentioned on website....
How is the package of this?? Is same as official Marshall website mentioned??
Does it work with a Mac?
Does this support asio? I've never used an audio interface and I'm not sure how asio works with audio interfaces.
Can I use a Blue Yeti Microphone to convert the signal to XLR and plug it into a sound mixer?
What's the maximum playback resolution of this unit?
Can this be used with a USB mic but no computer? USB hub for power?
is it just a regular printer cable that works with it? does it compress the sound better than the laptop soundcard?
Will this device convert an xlr microphone (analog) to usb (digital) for input into garageband as an audio track?
If you're using mono, does it only use one output (only r or l)? or are both outputs giving the same signal out?
On a Mac, does the system volume control still work, or is it pegged at line level? e.g. can you use the volume in the menu bar or keyboard volume?
do i have to plug in both left and right xlr inputs to record?
does this work chauvet swarm 5
will this work with rthe Chauvet scorpion dual fat beam
What can this do? (Like strobe or stuff)
There is only 1 DMX in. How does it control multiple fixtures?
If i had eight 4 channel led pars, and i ran them in a series, could i just address the lights in pairs of two for this?
Does anybody know if the Obey 4 controls the Eliminator Lighting Electro 86 LED Lighting? I know it does not work on the Obey 3. Thanks for the info
If you set the unit up, ie Music/Chase modes up and the unit loses power. Upon returning power will the unit return to its previous settings?
Will the Obey 4 control a Chauvet Colorstrip? Thanks. If yes, how do I setup the dmx to work?
I know the Obey3 blacks out for a small amount of time in chase mode. Does the Obey4 do that as well, or do the colours smoothly fade into each other?
Does this unit work with the Chauvet 4 Bar? Im not sure if the 4 Bar is wireless. Can the Obey 4 also be plugged in?
Does this "Used-Very Good" product come with all cables and the "Unregistered" software that is included in the unused versions?
Does this version work with Mac now? I know the old one didn't.
Will the tractor s4 work with a HP DV6 Intel Duo 2.13 ghz 64 bit 6 gigs of ram easily, and not act like a 6 cylinder car using 5 cylinders crusing?
Hello! Will the Traktor Kontrol S4 work with Acer Aspire TimelineX AS3830T-6417? Specs are, 4gb, 500gb harddrive, intel core I-3, windows 7.
Will the Traktor s4 work with Windows Vista 3G of RAm 32 bit?
what if I installed S4 software but want to return the hardware?
Are there any issues with the power supply with this traktor s4?
does it come with the software?
What is the difference between the one you sell and the one sold on native's website (available on sept 30th)...
will it work with ipad?
Can a use a standard 3.5mm plug on these? How do they sound with compressed music?
Are these headphones appropriate for Ipod Classic while on the go (walks, bus, subway)? I listen to Brubeck, Coltrane, Monk, Rollins, Davis, Getz...
Do these fit over large ears, completely surrounding them and not pressing them to your head?
Whats the difference between the 6400 and the 8400?
Using for transcription of voice. Any good with that range of sound?
Are these good for mixing, making, and mastering heavy electro or dubstep?
Are these durable? I'm not going to lie, this headphone looks kinda ugly and plastic. However, these seem like the headphones that best suit me.
Can I connect it in my laptop? It is 3.5mm?
In all fairness, are these good enough to mix with to a certain degree? I will always check my mixes on our studio monitors
I was hoping to use these with a V-MODA BoomPro Mic. Mic has 1/8" plug. Is there a different mic or adapter that would work with these headphones?
is there a warranty?
Does anyone feel that the leather padding on top gets uncomfortable after long periods of use? How can I possibly fix this?
Would these be good for gaming / movies?
What should I be looking if I want headphones that sound loud?
What would you recommend over the krk's for mixing?
How often do you have to refill it?
Does this machine have different speed setting so you can adjust the amount of bubble output?
How many and what kind of batteries does it take
Is this machine battery operated or does it have a plug in chord?
How loud is the motor? I want to use this for a solo at my choir show next month so I don't want it noticably loud.
if i am doing a kids red carpet with photos, does anyone know if this produces enough bubbles to show in photos?
Can it make different colored bubbles or iridescent ones?
Never had a bubble machine before and this one did not come with instructions. Where does the bubble juice go in the machine?
how long does it produce bubbles before refilling?
Can I hook this up to a Dm7x and how would I get a Stand for it?
Does the cymbal come with a cable?
is this pad comes with cables???
can i use this cymbal pad with alesis DM10???
Hi, Do you have a left hand one for sale?
this is a gibson? or a epiphone? why dont you show the guitar?
What guitar is that? Hey there, what guitar is that?
What is the size and what is wrong with strings because a lot of people are saying you have to change the strings?
is this prize contains the guitar bag and pitch pipe and other accessories?
can i use this even though im left handed?
What kind of strings come with this guitar? Nylon or steel. My son is a beginner...14 yrs. old. Which would be best?
is this an adult sized guitar?
i just started playing the guitar and im a beginner; is this a good guitar to buy? thanks!
does this guitar have a truss rod built in?
can you put a strap on this guitar?
is this full size?
How long is the neck of the guitar?
Does it buzz like the VT40
Does this come with a warranty ?
does the vt80 have an effects loop?
Where does vox manufacture this amp?
how well does this amp cover AC/DC / Iron maiden..Metallica type music..and can it tone down for some blues?
Is it all tube?
Can you use the 2 button Peavey foot switch with this amp?
Can you use a microphone with this amp?
Pro tools le or pro tools 9? Is this the software pro tools le 9, pro tools le 8 or actually pro tools 9?
do i need to buy an ilok with this crossgrade
I have a ZT System form Walmart with Windows 7 64 bit and I suspect the upgrade may not help with my Pro Tools LE 8.05 not working in it. What are your thoughts?
Does the BT-105 work with M-Audio SP-1 pedal?
Will it work with Boss FS-6 pedals?
Does the airturn work with Android devices?
The picture shown changes, which one is the one you got?
does it work with Teleprompt+ ? and is it compatible with iPad?
Is the airturn compatible with Kindle Fire HD devices?
Is this compatible with the ultimate guitar app for ipad?
Can you make this work with Adobe Reader on iPad?
What songs are in the free songbook? Are they easy for beginners?
does it come with a neck strap?
what material is it made of?
I play recorders, in C (soprano/tenor) and alto (in F) rather well. Does this instrument finger like a recorder?
I am very concerned about the precision of the note and the scale. Have anybody check with a tuner if the notes and scale are precisely good?
Have been seeing this here for quite some time now - could the vendor PLEASE mention in the item description WHAT KEY the instrument is in?
WHAT KEY IS THE M20 MANJI 10 HOLE
Is ir in key of c. ?
how do you know key it comes in?
Can I request a certain key when I order this? What keys do you have available?
What key is this?
What is the depth of the case? Judith D.
What color wood is it?
any chance this would work for a ukulele?
What are the full dimensions of the case? I was hoping to use it for a ukulele that is 21.5" long 7" wise and about 2.5" deep.Would this be an OK fit?
Is a display case only for violins that are not being played? Would it be protected enough by humidity and ok for being opened and closed regularly?
Will this case fit a Ukele?
Hi, is this Hohner 255 Chrometta 12 Harmonica, Key Of C Major made in Germani?
When was the 12 maid. what year?
Is this Hohner 255 Chrometta 12 Harmonica, Key Of C Major made in China? In the photo itself says Made in Germany...
Is this a Mac version?
This is listed for up to Windows 7. Does it work with Windows 8?
can I get a download link and start using the software right away instead of waiting for the DVD?
does this product work with pro tools express ?
Will this version work with Logic 8 in OS 10.6.8 (Snow Leopard)?
Does this product work with OS X Lion (10.7) or later?
CAN I USE THIS WHILE PLAYING THE PIANO?
Can I daisy chain 2 VL5's together using one guitar so one can be lead vox and other be gackgroundv ox
Are they selling the Live 5 or the Live 3? The description states Live 5 but the part number indicates Live 3.
can I pan harmonies to a separate side for recording?
Will this device work equally well when plugging in a mandolin rather than a guitar?
Why do you call this a bass pedal tuner? Is this the Vocalist Live 5? I just ordered one because the picture &amp; description are the Vocalist. Thanks!
Looking at the dimensions of each products, I have a doubt. Does this Flight Case fits the new Traktor Kontrol S4 MK2 ?
Can the case fit a laptop as well as cables?
can this case fit the numark pro 2 ?
Is there space under the controller to store cables and extra gear?
Will the Traktor Kontrol S2 fit properly in this case?
What are the inside dimensions of the box? Assuming there is room to be used for cables and such, does anyone mind measuring? Thanks a lot!
Is this case fit the Numark NV? The dimension of NV is 21.6X13.4X2.1.
Would this work with the numark mixtrack pro 2?
Will my numark mixtrack fit in this case
I can use it for F1, X1, Z1 together?
Can anyone recommend a bow? I'm an electric bass guitar player looking to have some fun with a new and different instrument.
what is the sting length, do I need to purchase special strings?
Are strings included or must they be purchased separately?
Shipping to Australia?
Is it NECESSARY to amplify or is there enough sound to practice/play without the amplifier?
how it is packaged ? I need to send it so long
can you play it with a bow
does it come with the bow?
can you play it with a bow?
Where is this product made?
Is arm automatic or automatic return?
can external bookshelf speakers be plugged into it?
What are the dimensions?
Sorry for sounding stupid but does this have an electric plug for the wall? Do you like the product?
How does the turntable handle 180g vinyl?
why doesnt the turntable work? (everything else works perfectly)
Does the display indicate the CD track being played?
I just bought this item recently and I'm having trouble playing my records. I'm not sure if I'm having trouble with finding the needle or if its just
Can you adjust the tone i.e. bass/treble?
Does this unit have the same pattern which repeats or are there multiple pattern choices?
Do need 2 or 1 of these to cover the dance floor?
Isn't this the same laser as the cheaper blue 20 dollar one? What is the difference that justifies the relatively high cost?
Can unit be used outdoors? In rainy conditions?
What type of batteries does the remote take?
Does this come with clamps for mounting to a truss for instance?
What is the difference between the american dj supply micro star green and red laser multi beam with remote and the American DJ Micro Galaxian Lase
Using it for reception dance in a large low ceiling living room. Suggestion on how and where to mount?
Does this unit turn on and off to music or does it play to the beat of the music?
Do you use this on the dancefloor? It says it can't be pointed at eye level - how serious a concern is that?
Does this include the microphone, transmitter? I don't see the microphone on the picture.
what is the power supply for the receiver? is it battery or Mains step-down adapter?
I would need to plug the receiver into my laptop- the plug in the image looks too big. Will it work with a laptop? Thanks.
Does it come with power cord?
does it come with the usb cord or do i have to buy it
Are the keys of average size?
How do you attach a pedal to this keyboard? Thank you!
i order one, i just recived it today and there is no power supply, where do i calll to get it send to me
can you use The M-Audio SP-2 Sustain Pedal whit this keyboard??
Keyboard came with some keys stuck up and some down. Is that a packing thing?
Do we get a adapter or a power cord to charge this
Does it have a jack for a pedal?
how do you access the usb? There's plastic over it.
Do you think it'd be ok for a 6 year old? (my gut says no but it might be the side of me that treats my ocarinas as if they were my children...)
Can you play Saria's song on it?
One picture shows it as being light blue and the other dark blue. Which is it?
Is this Alto C?
Do you think your average 8-year-old with a fairly good attention span could play this ocarina?
materials
what is input and output
Is the correct adapter for the CTK4400? Thank you.
I bought this with a Casio SA-76 44 mini keyboard. It worked great with batteries but with this power supply it stopped working completely?
Would this work for the model number CT-310? I didn't see it listed but I wonder if anyone knows if it happens to work.
I got the adapter that comes with the Casio SA76 and it seems not to fit completely . The adapter has a round end and the pug in the Casio is square.
Have an older model SA-8, is this adapter compatible? Only adapter that lists any SA models. Thanks!
would it fit casio key Board C26?
I want to take this Casio ADE95 Keyboard Power Supply along with keyboard to india. Does it work there with 220v..
it has to different pictures... long cord and when added in cart is a charger with short cord, which one I get???
Does this power adapter work with casio model SA-76?
Is this the right size for an 8yr old just learning to play?
How does this work? There are no instructions
is this a b flat student trumpet? i want to buy instead of renting!
For anyone who has now owned it for awhile (maybe a year or more?) has it held up over time?
Is this a full-size trumpet?
has this trumpet case included?
which type of mouthpiece has?
I've played trumpet way back in junior high school(middle school now), and want know which is a good brand to purchase and I can use in a orchestra?
is the case coming with the trumpet and is it hard shell?
can someone please tell me if these monitors can work with a laptop ?
how many speakers you got one or a pair ?
what do you get when buying this package?
Can the Roland A-800 Pro be used via a Sound console,without the need of a USB to a computer?
Does this keyboard come with Cakewalk CDROM for studio software ? Other online offers at GuitarCenter provide it!
Can the RolandA-800PRO Midi Controller be used to control the Roland JV1080 Sound console?
I have alesis q49 and I hate the velocity control on it will I get a better dynamic range with the roland?
Has anyone tried this with MainStage? If so, did it work well?
Does this come with MIDI cables?
Will this MIDI controller be good for a performance? Just a college-level performance, not really formal. Thanks:)))
Can anyone recommend a good case for this keyboard? I have a Gator GK-61 but it is way too big for the keyboard.
Will the a800 will do midi-learn with software other than Sonar? In the manual, it looks like midi-learn will only work w/ "ACT" enabled software.
I've read that this keyboard may have slightly narrower keys than full-sized. Can anyone confirm and if so, is it a problem with playability?
I want to use the instrument correction, will it still work if I set it at the beginning of my (guitar) pedal board chain, or do I keep it separate?
Does this pedal have a chromatic mode?
Can I use this for studio or is it just for live?
Can I connect this sraight to my PA? I really don't need a mixer for my purpose.
I just purchase this pedal, like 5 minutes ago. But im asking my self that if it comes with it's a/c Power adapter. &iquest;Does it?
Does this come with an AC adapter in the box?
I do not own a guitar or bass guitar. Can I use this device in connection with a Boss RC-50 Loop station for looping vocals?
what is the USB spot for that's above the power jack?
can I plug a condenser mic? I mean, does it have Phantom Power?
What if a song has several modulations? Do I have to change the key everytime or can I trust the device will recognize the tones (no matter the key)?
Break-out cables are XLR??
Can this replace crappy Windows sound card? Enhance sound quality for WAV and MP3's exported from DAWs like Reason, Cubase, Adobe Audition?
How much to hip to Australia?
Hi how to i choose the color? i want it in silver
Can I create a loopback with this interface? If yes, how? (Digital cable or software routing? If software, can the routing be saved to hardware?)
When will the next stock be in? Cuz it say 3 left but more on the way, &amp; it's said more on the way for a little over 3 weeks now. So when is that
Will this fit a DigiTech RP500 Integrated-Effects Switching System
does it fit Boss GT 6B ? Thanks
i need to know the final weigth the product thanks in lbs or kg?
It's correct the Shipping Weight in product details?? 6 pounds??
Will this fit the new Line 6 HD500x rather than the Hd500?
what are the inside dimensions of this case? regads
Is this product good for a kid who is just beginning?
does the software come with it?
Can this item be used with an ipod touch 4th generation
Will this work with an iPhone 5s using an iPhone 4 adapter?
Is it sturdy enough and is the angle comfortable for typing?
Is this dj stand steady and big enough to hold a 17" Macbook Pro?
Would there be a way to modify it so that the height is easier to adjust and it is more stable? Thinking about bicycle quick-release skewers.
Does this laptop computer stand for dj fold up to fit in a car
Will this securly fit a netbook? Thanks in advance.
Can this stand hold a 19" laptop?
what material is it made from and is it mountable to a slanted DJ mobil unit?
How long is the lip at the end of stand that prevents the laptop from sliding off? My laptop is tapered at the bottom.
does this laptop stand for DJ fold up to fit in car
What is the height from the table to the bottom of the laptop screen if the stand is on the highest setting?
My turntable has very quiet output. Will this device help boost the volume?
Does this thing have an/off switch or do you need to plug/unplug everytime you use it?
I have a unpowered subwoofer and my receiver does not have an amplifier built in, but it has RCA subwoofer out. Would this allow me to power my sub?
Can I hook up headphones to this?
Would this unit work on a DMX internet streaming audio player? I have the DMX that I pay for that streams Pandora on my phone system at my office.
Would this unit allow me to patch my turntable through the sound bar of a surround sound system? I can do this now, but the volume is weak. Would this unit boost the output to the sound bar?
I have an Audio Technica AT-LP60 and a Yamaha receiver. Will this give it a sound boost?
does this replace a receiver or do i need both (to get my record player to my speaekers)?
Unit works fine for awhile and then starts outputting static, even with no input connected. I've tried it with several amps with the same results.
Will this accept iPhone headphones as the input and then connect via USB to my macbook to record?
will this be enough to run 2- jbl tr225 speakers
I want to add my 3600 watt speakers to my Audio 2000 7808 karaoke/pa system using this 4100 watt amplifier. Will this work?
can you connect a iPod or phone directly to this amp without having a mixer?
Can I play my bass guitar on this ? I have 2 15in pyle speakers in cabinet @2000w peak,1000RMS (8 ohms)
will this connect to my home theater receiver? I have large eclipse speakers that are not getting enough juice from the receiver. I want loud music!
Will this AMP connect to my powered mixer for more boost? I have a Yorkville MM6 mixer.
Can someone tell me, why my system doesn't work when I take out the plug. it only works when plugged to an outlet.
This device has bluetooth?
Does this system have a CD player
i have read good and bad rewies.whats the truth?
is it good?
Do this PA can mix between usb music and SD card music ? Thanks.
What is the total watt output
How many mikes can I add
Can you plug your laptop into this system for lyrics?
Can use both mic's at the same time ?
Are the the headset transmitters from the PDWM3700 model compatible with this receiver? I want to be able to choose the microphone based on need.
Can you order replacement mics as one has lost volume and the other the on/off button has broke
does this unit have a XLR output?
I lose sound when speak for seconds pyle pro pdwm 3300
what is the warranty on this
How far is the range of scop?
Can you plug the receiver directly into a digital 4 track recorder?
Hi, May i use rechargable batteries?
where is this item manufactured
how come its so noisy?its humming continuously
I just want to plug in a Mic and use it for a PA, how is it being use in that way?
can you plug in two instruments at the same time?
is this a bass amp
Is this a good amp for a keyboard?
I'm a beginner, live on a boat (last dock, last slip), so volume is not an issue. Is this OK as a practice amp with an acoustic?
Does this amp come with any guarantees? I received mine yesterday and it appears to have been repackaged.and no warranty card/instruction manual.
Will the 30 watt version work for a bass guitar?
is this good 4 jazz
Is this amplifier good for a bass guitar?
is this battery operated or can it be plugged to an electricity?
Can you plug in a wireless mic system to this?
does it work with a bass?
doe it come with a cord?
Hello, is it 110V or 220V, 50Hz or 60Hz or 50/60Hz ........ thank you
Does anyone know if this can be used on an electric drum set?
Can you use this for an electric bass?
whats included
what is the device above the guitar chord, shown in piccure
what is the divice above the guitar chord on the Pyle Pro Pge75
can i use this amp with a mixtrack pro?
I have a concern about how much output juice this amp will have. I have a 12" Sony SS-WG450 sub and two 10" tweeters. Is this amp "party" material?
Can I link two of these?
I want to connect a 4 ohm 12 inch sub for a physix experiment in order to blow out fire. Would this be able to power the 4 ohm sub? thanks
I need to feed 3 pairs of speakers to this amp, in parallel. Speakers are 50W RMS 8 Ohms. OK to proceed?
Im going to run a custom setup, the speakers are going to be running a weird resistance (somewhere around 3.33Ohms). Will the AMP freak out about it?
will this amp power a set of (double)15s in each cab @ 4ohms each ?
i have 2 15' pa speakers at 700 watt peak, i need to turn all the way up to hear anything??? why???
best to with RCA TO RCA or RCA to XLR?
I am a beginner dj. is this ok for me to get ? ill start with maybe two 15" 700 watt speakers. be honest
Can you recommend a mic stand to use with this? I have read it is heavy and so my boom mic stand does not sound like it will work.
Can this be used without a stand? I record at my desk. I would just like to sit this in the corner of my desk.
Could I just use this on a desk with an apogee mic siting in front of it? Or do I have to have it on a stand?
What is the warranty and return policy?
Does this come with a mounting bracket?
is this made in china or mexico?
The body is basswood or alder,as stated in the specs?
Product dimension says the length as 52.2, it seems unconventional, is there a hard shell case for carrying this guitar, please link the same. Thanks
It says it's a Jazz bass, but it's pictured with P/J combo. Which is it?
Is there a hardshell case for carrying the guitar, as its length mentioned is 52.2 ?. Thank You.
Could you informe me if a gig bag is included? If not how is this packaged?
This isnt a short scale base is it? (Meaning a shorter neck),
Dear sir ......is it really a short scale bass ?
What are the internal dimensions? My Yamaha F 325 has an unusually wide lower bout ("hips") of 16 1/4" (16.25").
What are the external measurements?
does yamaha fs700s fits here?
Hi, Does this case fit to Yamaha FG700s Acoustic Guitar ? Thanks and Regards Pruthvi
Does it fit a yamaha F335 guitar?
Will this case fit a Seagull 12 string Dread?
Does my Ibanez Dreadnought Cutaway Acoustic-Electric fit? It's dimensions are 44 x 17 x 7 inches
Does this case fit a Takamine GD-30CE Dread as well ?
Does anyone have the exact internal measurements?
I need a case to handle a Taylor 613ce. The body is 16"wide and 20"long. Will this case fit?
what are the interior dimensions of Yamaha HC-AG2 APX Vinyl Hardshell Guitar Case?
This case is for Apx700ii and Apx700?
I know it says Yamaha APX (steel string guitar) case but will it work for a classical guitar?
Will this fit the Yamaha FG700S?
Does this case fit the Taylor Grand Auditorium 114 ce series?
Will this case fit a squier by fender SA-100?
looking for a case to fit CS4011, size 7/8. Recommendation?
Has.... anyone... purchased this case for a Yamaha Classical guitar?
Will this fit Yamaha C40 full size classical guitar?
Does It fits a APX 700-12 (12 strings)?
I'm reading comments about an app purchase required with this mic. Is that true? Is an app or adapter required to use this mic with iphone 4?
so, i have the mic, plugged it into my ipad/iphone i have no sound... what am I missing?? Is anything else required?
how long is the cord?
Does this require a battery? Most condenser mic's require some source of phantom power, right?
Can I use this on a Samsung Galaxy S5? And how does this hook up? Do I put it in the headset jack? I'm wanting to record video on my phone w/audio
is this mic only for Macs? Is there one for PCs or a comparable mic for use on PCs?
What app do I need to get to use this mic to do video recordings?
Do you know if this will work with a Kindle Fire HD7, and if so, with what aps for karaoke?
Will this microphone work for FaceTime on an iPod touch?
My daughter wants a microphone to sing songs from her iphone, will this work? How is it connected?
Does this come with a 12v plug? Not a power supply but just an open-ended cable to plug in?
Does this controller allow a dimmer function?
Does this remote come with the Receiver Box as shown in the picture?
Does this output a PWM signal or Analog?
how far away the remote operate the controller
If you purchase 2 of these, can you use a single remote with two separate receivers hooked up to two independent strips and power supplies?
Is the IR receiver waterproof.
directions
what is the size of the IR receiver's DC barrel connector? (i.e. 2.5mm, 2.1mm or 2mm?)
controller wont turn off lights it turns to red nothing else works hit power again and all keys work hit power and the strip goes to red can you help
Does this MIC need a special Cable or any normal MIC cables with XLR pins can be used?
will it work with a harmony singer?
What about the VoiceLive Play unit, will it work with that?.
Does this microphone work with TC Helicon Voicelive 3?
Does the button work as an on/off that you can feel with a click or do you have to hold the button down all the time to get effect on?
Can this be used for vocal?
could this amp be used for guitar also?
Did anyone experience this amp having a buzz sound? I ordered one, shipped it back, got another, and it has a buzz too. Not a hiss, but a buzz sound. It is present regardless of whether my bass is plugged in or not, so it ain't the bass or the cord....
Can you use line out for an extension cabinet &amp; is it volume controlled?
I just got this amp today, but it won't power on. I tried different outlets and chords. Did anyone else have this problem?
Could I use the line out to go to a computer software like Garageband? And if so, what do cables or accesories do I need to do this?
does this have a line in so i can plug my ipod in and play music?
This is probably a stupid question but I'm just getting into this stuff and I would just like to know, can I plug my electric guitar into it as well?
I can't tell if this uses batteries or a wall outlet for power.
Does this cabinet have a slanted back for anglng upwards?
Is this a nylon-string or a steel-string guitar ?
What gig bag do you recommend for this guitar? I'm debating on either the Fender metro or deluxe dreadnaught bags
What strings do you recommend for this guitar?
do you have cases for this left-handed guitar? if yes, please prrovide details &amp; prices
Is this guitar for a beginner?
Would this be a good guitar for a 10 year old beginning guitar lessons?
Does it come to Canada with manufacturer warranty certificate ?
does this come along with the case ?
Is this a good guitar for experienced players or more for beginners?
hardshell case?
Does the preamp on this one from Amazon have a dynamics knob? The same guitar on ZZounds has a preamp with a dynamics slider.
What are the exact factory strings used on this guitar (brand and size)? Asking because I really like them and want to get exact ones for future.
What's the difference between this Limited Edition AJ-220SCE and a non LE AJ-220SCE?
Any recommendations for a carrying case? My old one for an earlier acoustic I owned is a little too small to fit this one...
is sunburst available as on illustration?
Does anyone know how to use the tuner since it doesnt have any instructions included?
is the neck slim enough for shorter fingers?
Is the pickguard mother of pearl style or flat white? Also, does the neck have the white binding? Thanks.
How audable is this guitar non-amped?
How does this compare to the Epiphone Viola bass?
Is the bass really as light (color) as it looks in the amazon picture? Most other violin basses are a darker sunburst.
Does this bass have an adjustable truss rod? I see it has a cover next to the. Thanks.
other colors?
Does anyone use this unit for live acoustic performance? If so, how does it work in this setting?
How long does the RC-3 last with a 9v battery?
Does it include effects and possibility of tuning the sound, like reverb, pitch, bass level etc?
Can I lay down a 1-bar loop, then overdub a longer loop? Will the RC-3 multiply the original loop to match?
Can you put two sources of data in so can I loop my voice and also my guitar?
Can you output the loop track to a separate amp?
Does the power adapter come included?
My friend said he has a problem with it. When he plays a loop with distortion, and whenever he's playing a solo on distortion, the loop seems to fade. Why does this happen? Can this be avoided? I am really eager to purchase the Boss RC-3, but I don't...
return policy
I have a Snowball USB microphone. Can I use that type of mic w/ this looper pedal?
Does the VENOM have an on-board sequencer / quantizer - multiple track recording ability?
Does it have a good piano sound?
Does anyone know if this comes with a power adapter or what specs are required Mil amps?
i buy new and powered on but i can not hear sound , does it needs speaker or amplifier
Has anyone been able to get the editor software to work in Yosemite?
Hi is this product out of the market by the manufacturer? If so, Can you advise on some other product instead?
Just wondering why the price of the Venom shot from $254 to $444. New model? I don't get it.
Can You connect this keyboard, to a amp and use it without a computer?
I need to get a power supply for one of these but all I know is that it is 9 volts. Can someone tell me what amperage the power supply outputs?
Will this work on windows 8.1? Also will i be able to play this out loud or connect via MIDI to my laptop?
Are these compatible with the Canon VIXIA HFR42?
Is this microphone system guaranteed to be compatible with my Sony Handycam DDR-CX760? It has a 3.5mm mic input.
So is there an actual clip-on lapel mic or do you clip the entire 'microphone unit' somewhere to pick up the sound? Seems a bit bulky for a lapel...
Is it stereo recording? Does this microphone have a female connector to be connected to external small clip microphone?
Is there any way this mic can be used like a shotgun mic and attached to to maybe a bracket with shoes? Does this mic come with any type of clip?
What's the real-world battery life, during continuous use -- that is, starting with fresh batteries, how long can I use it, non-stop, until the battery dies?
Does it work with Canon- XA10 ?
This works for a Canon Vixia G20 right?
How often do you have to replace the batteries, and what kind of batts do you use?
When this is activated, is it the only audio source for the recording, or does it blend with the audio from the built-in mic as well?
Using the standard felt mat with a Music Hall mmf-9.1. Any need to adjust VTA? Also, any static reduction?
I see that albums are supported on the outside as well as the center to isolate vibration. Is this a problem when playing 45 singles? Flip the mat?
Does anyone know the exact thickness?
Do I have to adjust tracking force after putting this mat in place?
Hi, will this mat help to reduce the feedback that I am getting at a high volume? My turntable is too close to my speaker in a custom made cabinet. Thanks!
what is the diameter of the mat
if you bought this, do you also have monster cables and bose speakers?
Is there a headphone jack?
two questions: Does this product work with I pod touch 4? Will I need to purchase other apps or equipment for this to work?
Does this work with ios7?
Can u use ipad mini?
I have ipad 3 ios 7 and idj live controller. Do i need software for this? I bought used idj controller without software. How and where to buy software
can i hook up large speakers and an amp to this to work outside for a party?
would this work with the iphone 5s?
Srry two questions.....Will it work with the iPhone 5s? Can it record and play back?
Srry two questions.....Will it work with the iPhone 5s? Can it record and play back?
Is it compatible with djay 2?
I just got the Pioneer DDJ-S1 Controller , plugged in to my computer using the USB cable included but no sounds come out, I can hear music thru mu headphones....my amp with speakers is connected directly from my laptop. Do I need to connect the DDJ-S1...
Serato ITCH has been replaced. Is this controller updated with the Serato DJ?
Before I make my order I want a make sure this is the one with xlr connector, serato version
do you ship to europe?
Ur price is in US$580.00 or S$580.00? And how long will it take for shipping to Singapore?
Does it compatible for IPad Air? I already get used to use ipad to mix and spin.
how many USB outputs/inputs does it have?
how make the ddi s1 output from mac speaker?
Is this compatible with Virtual DJ?
I understand it includes the Serato Itch software. Will it also work with Serato Scratch Live?
does it have a music holder?
What are the keys made of? Are they cheap plastic?
Are the keys weighted?
Is this the first version of the rd-300nx?
Do I need additional speakers to hear the sound? Will any headphone set do?
Does this piano come with a piano stand or do I needto purchase one separately?
Does this keyboard come with a sustain pedal or do you need to purchase separately
Can you record your entire band @ 1 time several songs, and then burn you a demo CD?..
Output format? Which format is the output file recorded by this device?
can you use it as a cd player into your stereo from the rca outs?
I just bought a Yamaha PSR S950 Keyboard workstation ! Can i use this just to record my keyboards, i wouldnt need all the tracks or that! Help Thanks
Does this burn CDs?
Can I record live directly to the CD? If it has to be 2 steps, how quickly can a 3-minute mono track be written to stereo CD right after the take?
I am in Australia. Our power supply is 240 volts. I believe in the US you are 110 volts. Would I have a problem with this if I were to order from you.
How many songs can I store in the machine before burning them on cd?
Can I record a few riffs from my electric guitar via my guitar amp, and then play it back through my guitar amp so I can play over it.
Do the built in mics sound as good as your average $100 mic for recording vocals and acoustic guitar?
One customer said they had problems finding the arpeggiator. How well does this function work for you?
Is there a way to save a sequencer song to the SD card that includes a built-in rhythm on A tracks of others on B tracks?
are the keys weighted?
Does this come with the pedal or does the pedal need to be purchased separately?
Can you plug this straight into a PA channel? Looking to use it as a stomp box while I play acoustic guitar.
This kick pad will work withe the Alesis DM6 USB Express kit? and other thing... this will work with double bass kick pedal? I mean a twin pedal
Can you use this pedal on its own with the TM2?
Would this upgrade work on an entry-level kit such as the TD-1K?
This kick pad works for Roland TD-6 series?
Does anyone know if the height can be adjusted on these? As in... do those rods let you put the drum head up and down?
is there a replacement head for it
Wil the kd9 kick pad work with the rmp-5 rhythm coach and the hand sonic 10
What is the difference between this "junior" guitar and other "regular" ones?
Do I need an amplifier to play it? Can I use headphones with it? Do I need any extra cords? Thanks
Does it have a bolt-on neck?
Is this a USB mic?
What comes in the box ?
What stand manufacturers or particular models would you recommend for this mic? I'd like to get some semblance of a boom style tripod stand if possib
Am I able to record at 24 bits/192 khz through USB, or does it require the XLR input? I have a powerful gaming laptop with USB 3.0, if that matters.
Has anyone else had the issue where it just out of nowhere starts recording at like 1/10 the volume it should? Then it pops back to recording normally
THX Certified?
Is the Yeti Pro USB compatible with Fedora 19 Linux?
Is the xlr recording louder than the usb recording?
Can I connect the Yeti Pro to my laptop via USB or can I record only via analog XLR as shown in the 5th image above?
Has anyone used this mike with Windows 8?
Would this work for violin, voice, and piano?
Does the XLR or the Analog function require phantom power?
Can this microphone be used with an iPad by plugging it into the USB camera connector kit for iPad? (I tested AT-2020, which works well with iPad!)
This kit shows more than 5 drums, so what drums does it include?
cymbals are included
does it include hardware? and all in the picture, pedals etc?
Does the set come with everything that is shown in the picture?
Does the set come with everything that is shown in the picture?
Does it work on Mac?
I have tons of cassettes at home. I also have a MAC but, have MS WINDOWS and the current MS operating system. Is this simple and easy to use?
My husband has a laptop with Vista OS...is it compatible?? Please advise, THANKS!
Does this work with Imac??
Some reviews say Windows 7 could be a problem. Anyone with W7 found a better product?
Is this a silent conversion or do I have to play the tape aloud in order to convert them? Don't want to hear the audio book while transfering them.
I have mini cassette tapes I want to put on Cd's. Will this convertor do this?
will this product work with an Apple/Mac computer
I have a book on cassette I want to convert to CD. Will this do the job?
will it work on windows 8 and will it work on record albums
how is the microphone? and software trying to build in home studio showed i go with this package or audio technica at2020
will this work with win 8.1 64bit
How is the latency on this? Is there a significant delay?
What are the PC system requirements for this?
I am an amateur tenor. I have mp3 files of piano accompaniment. I would like to record my song with these mp3 files. Is it possible with presonous kit? Is it possible to load my mp3 accompaniment files into studio one software directly?
Does anyone know the power input ? is it 110-240V ?
I want to start recording me playing my alto saxophone. will it sound good or is this microphone more for voices??
blue yeti? how do these two compare. n which is better
I am having trouble getting the actual software downloaded. My product came with an installation disc but there is only manuals and drivers.
is this bundle good to go with or is it better to wait for something else and save for better?
what size accordion does it fit.. what are the bag dimensions ?
I am not sure if this one will fit my Excalibur (120 Bass /7 Switch) Piano Accordion? Thanks!
What are the dimension on the sofia mari Thanks scott
what are the dimensions? sheesh!
I have 26 key, 12 bass accordion. piano acordion. is this the right size case for my accordion?
Could this be used for online karaoke for changing around pitch of vocal recordings?
Will this work for the Numark Turntable TTX USB?
using virtual dj want to know if this could be connected to computer
would i be able to preview the audio from the headphone jack on each channel without having it go through the speakers?
is there a headphone connection?
Someone in the reviews said their mixer would only do USB output on the right channel. Is this true or was theirs just defective?
I have just purchase a Boze Tower. Do you think it will work with this?
do you have to connect it to a computer
110 or 220v
110 or 220v
What size cable do I need to send this DBX out into a Mackie Mixer? Thanks.
How would I connect this directly to a PC for use with a XLR microphone?
what does it do does it help with sm57 mic I'm just wondering if this will help my sound system
Is the 286 S a newer model than the 286A?
I had the power go off and come back on when I was not home. My FIRST best guess is the fuse in the transformer or the transformer is bad dbx 286A
So with this unit I can use a condenser mic and it allows the use of compression and de esser at the same time?
I have a rode nt1-a. will this work with it? do i need to purchase extra cables? does it come with a usb port? thanks!
My plan is to use a Microphone - into XLR - then into Channel 1 on my Focusrite 18i20. How does someone use this as an 'INSERT"? What is an INSERT?
A few questions if you don't mind. (1) Why doesn't this have XLR out? (2) Why no Limiter? (3) Is this better than the discontinued 1086?
Will this record stereo when use 1/4 stereo to usb into computer? I have a UR22 preamp that records stereo but only one side works, I hate that.
My cajon has a pick-up installed and I plug it into my bands board. How would this work with one set up like this? Similar to acoustically miked?
Will this fit a meinl with a 5" hole
does this fit on any cajon? I have a Latin percussion flamanco style cajon with snare wire inside. Will this contraption fit on the hole?
is this good for public speaking?
Has anyone tried to put a second wired microphone, while using the wireless, can this device be used to mix 2 microphones, one wired one wireless ?
What do I need to purchase for sound?
Would this work with Pyle Pro PWMA230 Wireless PA System?
Does anyone have any recommendations on a power supply for the receiver unit? There aren't any specs as to what size tip or input power is needed.
can you use another mic with it?
Will this work with an animated Gemmy Halloween Spirit Ball?
Would anyone know if I will plug it into a electric piano or keyboard, would the mic work?
What kind of batteries does it take?
Can I use it just as is when I have my installation banquet @ the Seafood Restaurant?
Is it possible to slow down songs in order to learn difficult lines? Thankss!!
How do you get to the intelligent pitch shifter to make it work. Manual does not give any info about how to use it.
Can I make the sound output through my computer speakers? From plugging the speakers (1/8th in plug) into the output of this thing?
How does the transpose function work? If I am tuned to E, can I make my guitar sound like it is in A? Can the Pandora act as an "electronic capo"?
does it come with the USB cord?
Is it also a normal instrument or just for computers?
Is this a good beginner keyboard?
Im looking forward to extend the range of a 25 key controller, if I connect them both, will it work?
is this compatible with Mac with a OS X Yosemite?
Are these pads rubber grip feeling or plastic feeling?
Hi. I bought this for Christmas and it doesn't have a disk with it or a code to register with korg. Is it supposed to have come with a disk? Thanks
Do you need an application to run it?
can i use it play effects and/or sample audio
Is it compatible with windows 8?
Does it work with music maker 2014?
Silly question i know - but can i program these buttons to work in Photoshop?
Will it work with Logic Pro X by apple?
will this do instead of a midi keyboard? (i can't play keyboard anyway) and - is it a sequencer? thanks.
Subjective question: Let's say I plug this nanoPad to FL Studio. How many pads do you need for drum instruments usually? Would 8 be enough?
Can you make bass sounds or any instrument in general? And is it compatible with Mixcraft 6?
How does the arpeggiator work? can you emphasize or remove certain beats?
Is this the kind of devises used to make electronic music? I ask becous I am dumb when it comes to this stuff...
Does this work with Logic Pro X and ProTools 11?
Can you use this to control the volume control mixer in a Windows OS?
will it work for presonus studio one?
Will this interface with GarageBand? FruityLoops?
Can you reassign the knobs and sliders to different CC channels, e.g. use this as a midi controller like the Behringer BCF2000?
Can you control more than 8 tracks with the faders by using the track button?forward track button make the board control the next 8 tracks+vice versa
Do the knobs turn infinitely, or do they have a start and end point?
If you bought your NanoKontrol2 directly from a Japanese seller, did the unit come with English instructions and a PIN code for the bundled software?
Can this device be used with Cubase? Also what's included in the box?
Can you send audio through it?
need SAME frequency unit: either 501A/509/a507B/513B OR 503A/509B/521A/521B to MATCH ones I already have
Where can I find replacement mics for this system?
What kind of connection do the lavalier mics have to the transmitters?
HOW CAN ADJUST MICROPHONE TO SAME FREQUENCY?
Does anyone know if you can hook up the receiver to a pro style camcorder so that all the mics can then be recorded onto the camera tape?
does this come with a carrying bag(with zipper)
Does this keyboard output jacks for hook-up to external speakers
Does this Piano have the option for a functional three pedal add on?
what is the country of origin for this product?
Can you use ear buds with this (ipod, ipad, etc) or do you need headphones?
Comes with, or can add sustain pedal??
Has anyone traveled with this keyboard? could you share your experience taking this keyboard onboard an airplane? Think you!
Will this also run off batteries and if so what kind?
Is this piano USB capable? Also, does it come with a stand?
does it come with a pedal
Does this have MIDI in/out?
does this come with the wooden stand for the keyboard?
Can I plug in outside speakers?
Can this keyboard be powered with batteries? If so, what type of batteries?
Could you tell us the weight of the keyboard itself, without stand, box, etc? Thanks.
Is this weighted key? I want the feel to be like playing a real piano when I press on the keys
In the Reverse mode can the original signal be mixed out so that all you hear is the reverse effect?
What's the maximum looping time on the flashback? Thanks!
How can I set the tempo without strumming a guitar? I'm planning to use it as part of my DJ setup via send/return channels.
Does it come with a USB mini cable ?
Does it have or come with a power supply?
Does this pedal allow for delay trails (after switching off) when in buffered bypass mode?
Do you have any recommended settings to get ANY effects that are similar to ANY U2/Edge songs? I've been messing with this for hours and have been failing - grin. I don't want to have to get a Strymon Timeline or Eventided Timefactor - They cost too...
does it have tap tempo??
Can I daisy chain this pedal using the Visual Sound One Spot?
Does this work on Windows 8?
would this mic be able to pick up two people having a conversation each sitting on opposite sides of it?
will this fit into a microphone stand?
Is this mic good for recording instruments like trumpet/saxophone?
Should I use a pop filter for recording vocals/acoustic guitar?
Is this a good microphone for recording vocal? Is the sound quality better than snowball?
meteor vs blue yeti?
Can this be used with ipad mini?
Anyone has used this while gaming or otherwise working intensively on their (mechanical) keyboard? Does it pick up a lot of noise?
Is the Samson Meteor Mic Windows 8 compatible? iPad Air?
Will this cover fit a Squire Affinity Telecaster
i have a MIM tele-will this fit? please help
Will this cover fit a Japanese made 1980's Japanese re-issue '62 Tele?
Will this cover fit a telecaster american standard??
i have a G&amp;L Asat Blues boy... will it fit ?
Will this fit an American Fender Telecaster Standard?
Will this fit a 2007 Telecaster Deluxe?
will it fit a 52reissue tele USA w/out modding?
Will this cover fit the Modern Player Telecaster Thinline Deluxe?
Which hard cases would fit this guitar?
what is the difference between the N series and the NW series ? the yamaha site doesn't list a NW ? thanks in advance
Can you carry it as hand luggage on a plane?
Does it come with case and energy supply?
What is the shipping weight for this product ? the product description says shipping weight 33 lbs. while one of the reviewers said it weighs 3 lbs.
It has been claimed that although the nut width is the same as a standard classical, the string spacing is narrower. Is this true?
does it comes with the case?
Has anyone tried to turn one of these into a leftie? I'd buy a leftie version.
What material is saddle made of?
What material is saddle made of?
Will this fit a Numark NV?
Will the Pioneer DDJ-SB Controller that is 19.2 fit?
Will this fit a Pioneer DDJ-SR?
Will this bag fit a Numark Mixtrack Quad? its measures are: 2.1 x 10.5 x 18.4 inches...
Does the Traktor S4 fit in this bag? The S4 is 24 x 5 x 15 inches, what are the interior dimensions of this bag?
Will this fit a Pioneer ergo?
Does this fit the Numark mixtrack pro 2?
Can you take this bag on a plane? or will you have to pay extra?
will this case fit a akai mpc 2500?
will it fit a apc40
Can you hook this up to a laptop instead of an ipad?
Does this have a plug for headphones?
Can anyone direct me to an online download for the manual?
Does it work with ipad air or any new port device with the pin adapter?
Is this compatible with pro tools 11? And a late model Mac mini?
Does this work with garage band
Will it work with an iTouch 4?
Is the SynthStation49 compatible with the iPad Air?
does this keyboard come with anysoftware to make tracks? if not what program is good for beginners
Can I use this without a laptop? I am looking for a keyboard with drums.
So, i was hoping to be able to plug in a couple of midi controllers, a mic, and possibly a guitar. is this a possibility?
Does this work with Pro Tools LE8?
Does this record and save multiple tracks?
this interface have a protools express??
Will the USB hub support a USB microphone such as the Shure PG42?
I'm using Propellerheads Reason 7.. I use the Balance interface, but I've outgrown the 2in/2out...Is your product compatible?
Does it work with Sonar X3 producer?
If I order this here, do I get protools?
Can you record into four seperate tracks at once? I've heard you can do only two.
Does this product allow for recording two microphones simultaneously on windows 7? (basically does it enable "stereo Mix" as a recording device?)
Does anyone know if this will work with the app "Planning Center Music Stand"? Also does it go forwards and backwards when turning? Thnx
Does it work for android tablets with bluetooth.. ?
Curious about the auto shutoff at 10 minutes... Can you wake it up by pushing a button and if so, is it still paired to the bluetooth?
One review had concerns abou the constrction of the pedals. I need something sturdy, but not tour grade. What are owners' experiences?
Does this have a 30 minute time out feature?
Will this pedal work with a Samsun adroid running MobileSheets?
Does this work with a macbook?
can this be used with the microsoft surface pro 3
Can it be used to scroll down or up a page?
Would it control iTunes tracks (playing, starting, stopping, pausing) on an iPad/iPod?
How tall is the bass drum riser in inches? What's the clear distance of the batter hoop down to the floor?
Is the tom arm included? And, I know this is super unlikely, but is there any way I could reserve one of these? I don't have the dough quite yet.
Help! just got the sonor safari and it doesn't have instructions. how do I assemble this thing?
How much does it cost to send it to South America (I live in Peru)?
is the neck as wide as a martin, like a D-28 or fender strat or mostly for kids?
I have never played the guitar before, so how do i learn how to play the guitalele? please help!
Is it suitable for left-handed players? (install the strings in opposite order)
I have a Peavey Guitalele, the strings seem a little high, so the action feels a little rough. Is this a problem with the Yamaha guitalele?
Hi, I need to know the measurements of the box that sends this guitar, since we are very interested in buying it, but we should move it to Chile. Thank you very much for your response.
where is this guitar made?
I've just received one. Are the lowere 3 trings supposed to look like steel strings?
can it be tuned like a guitar? or is it specific to a 6 string uke tuning?
Does this guitalele have a truss rod?
Can I leave off one string and tune it GDGBD like a banjo?
The amplifier is 110-240 volts?
right or left hand?
Is this product related to squier or fender , beacuse i see lot of people mentioned squier in this product reviews
Does this have 21 or 22 frets?
Does the amp have a headphone input?
Is this a full size 39" guitar?
You are advertising this as a 20w amp not a 10w, although others with the same package and price are 10w. Is this actually a 20w amp?
what's the size of the guitar
Hello guys, please, could someone tell me if this EQ would work with a normal home audio system?. Thanks!
Can it be used in a car?
Is this unit quiet(no hiss/noise when ears placed next to speakers)? Is it neutral sounding with EQ bypassed? How does it compare to the older DBX 231 sonically and otherwise?
Received the item this week and installed it in my setup today(Sunday PM 1/19/14). But I have a terrible hiss and hum problem that is new to my setup. If the EQ is bypassed, no hiss or hum are generated. But if the EQ is engaged then hum and hiss...
how many rack spaces?
How many sheets of 8.5"x11" music can this stand hold? 2 or 3? Also, what are the dimensions of the base and height range of the stand? Thanks
how tall does it stand at tallest height i don tlike looking down at the music when i am playing the violin
Is it portable and does it come with a bag to carry it?
where was this uke made thanks
what size should I buy for my 14 years old daughter.
what does "Mahogany Construction" mean? body is Mahogany or laminate? the bag has pad or not? thanks
where is it made?
I am confused. I searched for the Kohola KP-B BARITONE Ukulele kit. The pictures show the KP-B but all the text refers to the KP-S which is a SOPRANO. So what does this page refer to, the Soprano or the Baritone, I whant to purchase the Baritone kit.
Does this include the bass pedal?
IS THIS FOR THE COMPLETE WHOLE KIT?!?!
full kit or brain? Hi, is this deal for a full kit or just for the brain??
im thinkin of getting the sample pad pro to trigger sounds for my band ( we cover a lot of Floyd) Is this unit capable of this, saving the sounds?
Can this unit be paired with a Roland TD4k to integrate sound triggering while playing electronic kit? I see no midi in or other connection possible.
Is unit good for apple
I need this for playing my programmed drum sounds live. Please tell me how to set this instrument up for triggering MIDI samples.
Is there a headphones jack?
Is there an mp3 jack for playing along with favorite songs?
Is there a stand I can buy for this?
I am buying this for my drummer husband. Is it easy to use? Does it work through the regular speakers connected to mixer?
Which sticks would you recommend? Wood or Nylon Tip?? Thanks a lot!
Would it be possible to plug in a drum machine such as the SR-18 and assign its sounds to this pad through MIDI?
Does the Module experience Latency when triggering/connecting via MIDI
Can this unit be played on tabletop, or do you have to purchase a stand?
What drum pad would provide better sound if played by fingers?
How loud are the drums themselves? Not the electronic volume - how loud is the acoustic sound of hitting the pads/cymbals?
Can this electronic drumset allow a double bass pedal?
do you include both pedals (kick pedal for the realhead kick pad and the hi-hat controller) for the dm8 pro kit?
So Can this be used with PC &amp; Mac as well - as interface/mixer
what brand of condenser mic's will work with 12v phantom power
thinking about using this with MP4 videos and Karaoke Apps... will the video out support this?
I read a lot of (old) reviews criticizing the dock with iPad2 and the newest update. Has this been fixed?
what are the inputs for this? It looks kind of a 1/4 inch cable or something similar. Will they work with XLR as well?
Is it work with new ipad air? I would need some adaptor?
theres any chance to connect an ipad mini with adapter to it??????????
Does this device power an iPad 4 with lightning connector?
i just received the alesis io dock and i'am disappointed !! the i pad2 i have will not dock into the alesis ,even with adapter !! what to do ?
Does it includes the ipad3 adaptor? Any warranty period?
Can this be used on a P-mount tone arm ?
78 rpm needle for audio-technica lp120?
Will this work with a Technics 1700mk2?
Will this work with a technics SL 1910? I just wasted $30 on something I didn't need and I want to be sure this time?
Will the AT95E cartridge work with my Technics SL1300 turntable?
will this work on a Technics sl-220&gt;
Will the at92e or at95e fit on Technics SL-1950?
Will this work with a pioneer pl-4
Can this be used on a Phillips AF887 turntable?
I am assuming from answers to comments here that I could use this cartirdge of either my Pioneer PL10 or my Dual 1019 correct?
whats the weight in grams of this bow
Better than Glasser?
what is total length of bow end to tip?
What is the Fleur de like made from, and is it inlay or an applique?
Does this bow com with real horse hair or a synthetic hair?
Does the bow come with have real horse hair synthetic hair?
Is this made with nickel or silver?
Is the stick on this bow round or octagonal?
Does this case hold a FULL size adult violin?
What are the interior dimensions of this case?
will my violin fit inside if I leave the shoulder rest on it?
Is this case made of foam? If yes, then Will the foam case last long?
With the case empty and on a flat surface, please push down with one hand on the front, then flip it and try the back. How much does it flex/give?
Does it have a zipper compartment on the top to hold sheet music? Also, is there a shoulder strap option?
Does it come with shoulder straps?
How do you explain the people who claims that their full sized violin wouldn't fit?
Hello- We were wondering if the lining is burgundy as shown- we are specifically looking for a burgundy inteior! Thank you.
Will it work with OS X 10.6.8?
Does this work with fruity loops (FL Studio 11)?
What comes in the box? Does it come with a microphone or cables?
Will I be able to play a backing track in Reaper (track 1?) while I record my guitar playing (track 2?) through this unit?
I bought mine last year and i didn't get an activation code for cubase can you help me?
Hello! I need to know the actual weight of product packaging, because when I use the calculator of DHL or others the result is always 2 pounds.
Does this work with Whole World Band, iPad and an electronic drumkit and if so, how should it be connected?
Does this product come with a USB cable to connect the Tuscam with my laptop ?
If your laptop says that it doesnt support this product what should I do? And is this device compatible with mixcraft?
Works with Windows 8? I have a Behiringer mixer and want to record on my computer. Thank you!
Hello. Do you ship this to New Zealand? If so, how much the delivery fee? and what version of Mac OS is this compatible? 10.4.11~ OK? Thank you!
The description says that the product supports most computer software programs. Does anybody know if it supports Acoustica Mixcraft 6? Thanks --Indy
does it include the usb, which connects the audio interface to laptop?
Does it come with the stand?
Does it come with a cord to plug into the computer
Will this fit on a mic stand?
Will it pick up keyboard typing if in a stand?
Does it come with a case or pouch for when it's not in use?
does this need phantom power?
What is the mics diameter?
What size shock mount is it? Any? Or does the shock mount akready come with it
Is this mic ok to record an e.guitar amplifier? can you suggest a more suitable usb mic for this purpose? thanks in advance
I'll get ORLANDO Fl next july, 7th and come back home to Brazil on July,18th. How can you assure 1 unit to my hotel address during these days ?
Can you ship this second day?
would you ship to Brazil?
I want to know whether this item will work on 220V ~ 240V? Can you please confirm if it will work natively or an adapter will be required?
Here is South Korea. I use the 220 &#x200B;&#x200B;v. Do Masu Naonge to 200 v ~ 250v for? It allows you to use it if give me also sent by the adapter.
Here is South Korea. You need 200 v ~ 250v. Do you have any?
Has anyone else had issues with your computer recognizing the pedal? If so do you know how to fix it?
Would this work for vocals? Is it quiet enough? Could you just run the mixer output through it?
With just a mono in will it output to both L and R?
Is this pedal 9v battery power also?
What is the difference between Hall of Fame and Flashback reverb pedals?
Does this come with a power adapter?
I have A gibson Les Paul Double Cuttaway will my guitar fit well ?
Will this fit the Epiphone G-400 PRO electric guitar?
Can someone please give the inner length and large bout measurements? The most common thing people want to know
Will this fit an Epiphone prophecy SG? It's a 24 fret neck and not sure if its longer than a regular SG or not - still 24.75" scale tho
What is SG?? Is this case for acoustic guitars or electric??
will this fit a 2001 gibson sg melody maker?
Pressure from padding on bridge ok? Use for Epiphone Limited Edition 1966 G-400. Bridge will press into padding when closed.
Does this case have a bubble top, like the Gibson made cases?
Hi, does anyone know for sure if this case will this fit a '90s Gibson SG Deluxe with a Maestro (Bigsby-type) tremolo bridge?
Does anyone use this case for a Jay Turser 50-series (SG type)? I'm concerned about the length of the guitar. Thanks!
How long of a recording session will fit on this, and can you download it to soundcloud easy?
Is it realatively easy to operate? Can I record from my Boss loop pedal and download to my computer?
Can I listen to the recording through the headphones as I'm recording it in real time. Or only during playback? I need monitoring capability.
Would this be good for a podcast with 4 people?
Is this able to pick up nature sounds, birds, crickets, thunder, etc.?
Hello, can I use this model without any attachments? Just by itself?
how do I put music onto my computer ?? from the Tascam dr-05
Im taking this recorder to Burning Man festival, do you know if theres any kind of case to protect it from the dust. I'll only use line recording...
Can I schedule recording? I want to record a late-night radio show while I sleep.
Does this product come with software that allows you to edit/shorten your recordings?
Will it hold guitars that are in cases?
Is this a foldable gig rack, or more of stationary rack
How far does this rack hold your guitars off the floor?
Is this stand compatible with V Shaped Guitars?
Will It hold 5 acoustic guitars?
One of the images next to the product description clearly shows yokes for 10 guitars; Does the rack come with the number of yokes needed for 10 instruments or do they need to be purchased separately?
How portable is it? Can it fold up for easy transport?
How does this compare to the Quiklok racks? Anybody try both and have an opinion?
What is the actual weight of this product in its box? In product dimensions it is 9.7 pounds , but the shipping weight is 30.6 pounds.
What do the numbers in the dimension represent? Which number is height, which is width, and which is length?
laminate wood or real wood?
What kind of strings are on this Ukulele?
What kind of batteries are needed?
I have read some reviews that there may be some buzzing going on, what would be the best way to mitigate this?
It says the dimensions is 27.8 x 14 x 2.8in. Isn't a Concert Ukulele around 23', Is this dimension more of a Tenor sized Ukulele?
is it high quality?
where was this ukulele made?
The image shows the uke is not a cut-out body as in the luna website and also a hard case. Is this what you get?
Replacing the pre amp
does anyone know if it will support my 15 Lb Resonator banjo? The last soft case I had, the stitchng supporting the back pack carry straps ripped,,,
Does anyone know if the interior "box" (for picks, etc.) can be removed and moved higher up the neck? I want to use this case for a banjo mandolin.
I just bought my son a used open backed Hondo II banjo. It is 39" long and 14" across, do you think this would fit?
Weird question: Can anyone tell me if the inside of this case has any kind of unusual smell that might affect the guitar?
I know it says classical guitar case but will it work for a steel string thinline guitar?
My Resonator Guitar Measurements are: L=38.5", Body=19.5", Lower Bout=14.5", Upper Bout=10.5", Depth=4.5". Will this case work for this size guitar?
Any idea if this will fit a Hagstrom Viking? It's similar to a Epiphone Dot in Size
Will a Fender T-bucket 300 fit this case?
Can you tell me the dimensions of the Internal length?
I have an acoustic Takemine S35 measuring 41" x 15.5" x 4.5" deep, so do you have something in this price range to fit my guitar?
I need to know what the interior measurments are, depth, length, width and how much the lip of the case cover overlaps the main case body?
Will a fender CD140SCE fit in this case
Will this case fit a Gibson J-45?
Pictures for this item are identical to the pictures for the "Guardian CG-020-D Hardshell Case, Dreadnought (Black)." Is this the same item?
I have an acoustic guitar Norman Gtra ST-40 EQ, will it fit into this case?
Can someone confirm the depth of the case.. my current case is 6.5" deep and since adding a Bigsby Tremlo it no longer fits.
Will my Gibson acoustic guitar fit in this case? It is really old and I don't have a model number.
will d28 fit?
Would you recommend this case for a Gibson J-45 or a Gibson B-45-12?
Has anyone tried an SG in here yet? in particular, the epi g400 custom? how's it fit?
Will my Squier Telecaster fit securelywithin this case?
Will a BC Rich Mockingbird fit?
will this fit a Ibanez RG
Will this case fit a fender jaguar/
Does a Jackson JS32 Dinky DKA Electric Guitar fit in this case?
can anyone compare this to the ChromaCast CC-EHC?
will this fit a fender (non-bass) Mustang?
Has anyone tried a G&amp;L ASAT with this case?
Does this fit guitars with a Gibson Firebird of Explorer shape?
Is this a good case for an open back banjo?
lookeng for a short scale case to fit my 1920 ish slingerland banjo. over all length 30". body to top of head stock is 18". might this case work for me?
what are the dimensions of the case
Will a left handed 5 string banjo fit?
Does this fit the 5 string Jameson banjo sold on Amazon?
Has anyone tried this with a Jameson 5-String Banjo with Closed Solid Back and Geared 5th Tuner? (I'm also looking at the Carrion C-2901 case.)
Hi, I have a Fender FB 300 banjo, would this case fit?
will my deering good time 2 fit in this case?
Will this fit a 6 string banjo?
my Benjo's resonator in 13.75" in diameter, will it fit this case?
is it easy to play this item.
Will the Rogue (Johnson Mandolin A-Style with F Holes) mandolin fit in this case?
Would the case fit for a banjo ukulele Eddy Finn with approximately 9" or 8" drum. Will it not be too large and then not protecting it effictiently?
how long is the case?
Will the Gold Tone GM-6 Octave Mandolin fit in this case?
Will this fit an ovation mandolin?
Will this case fit a Fender FM 100 mandolin?
Does anyone have the dimensions of this case?
I just bought an Eastman MD305, will it fit in this case?
Will a Fender Robert Schmidt electric mandolin fit in this case?
Does this bundle include the Pro Tools 9 software??
Does this bundle include the Pro Tools 9 software??
is this Pro tools 9? what version of windows will it work with? Can I fix voice, pitch, chorus, etc?
what is Avid-qualified Mac or PC means ? Will a laptop with Windows 7 and 6GB ram works ? Does it have to be a specific version of Windows ? Thanks.
pt9 or 10 with this product? I would like to know if this "bundle" come with PT9 or PT10???
I know nothing about pro tools but my grandson wants to produce "beats" and wants Pro tools for Christmas . Is this a good pro tool product?
Is there a problem with XPand 2 in Protools.
IS IT PRO TOOLS 10??
Hello, does this include a free upgrade to Pro Tools 11?
is the pro tools 11 upgrade free?
Knowing that there is a difference between pro tools and pro tools express. Is this version of Pro tools an express version?
is this pro tools 10 or 11
Pro Tools: What version of Pro Tools does this come with?
Did I have to have a pro tools 8 or 9 prior to using pro tools 10 ?
Just received mine. Is there a way to secure the boom arm in the clamp?
How much weight can this hold? I'm using a shure 55sh plus a CAD AS32 Shield for ~4lbs total. I'd like to swing them out of the way when not in use.
Can the Microphone be positioned below the mounting point?
What Pop Filter both grips onto the arm well and reaches the actual mic?
does this work with a blue yeti?
Where is this beautiful Uke made in?
Isi t possilbe to get this in electric acoustic?
in your opinion, would you consider this to be a gender specific design on a uke. im probably gonna buy it anyways, but i was just wondering
Hi. I'm planning to buy this all the way from Singapore. How is the packaging like? Will my uke safely arrive and be intact, no scratches?
Does the uke come with any warranty?
Does it come with a case?
Is this a soprano or tenor uke? It says 23" Concert, but not sure what that means. Trying to buy for a girl that sings lower, not soprano.
Is this solid top?
What kind of strings does it have?
Will this pedal work with a casio WK-220?
Does this connect through a 1/4" jack?
Will this work with a Casio WK200 keyboard?
Will this work with the WK110?
will this pedal work with Yamaha YPG-235 76-Key Portable Grand Piano??...plz i need to know :/ NEED ANSWERS ASAP! thank you
Does it work with a Casio Privia PX-350M?
Will the Casio SP20 pedal work with the Casio WK - 500 keyboard?
Does this pedal have a half-damper feature? (i.e. pressing pedal half way down produces half-sustain like a pedal does on a real piano)
Will this pedal work with a Casio CTK-2300?
will this work with casio 1800,1630, 1600
Hi, I just bought the prs se custom 24 electric guitar vintage sunburst today! Wondering if this case is a good fit for it. Thank you in advance!
will this fit an SE Santana and an SE 245? (I&acute;m getting the new SE Zach Myers but i guess the dimensions are equal to the se245)
Will this fit a PRS SE Single-Cut?
How close do you have to have the mic in order for it to get good volume? Can I sit back a bit, or do I have to be right on top of it?
Accessories: Does this come with both USB &amp; XLR cables, tripod desk stand and threaded stand clamp as listed on Audio-Technica's site?
wireless
Does this microphone come with a small desk stand or no?
Comparing ATR2100 and 2500, for recording songs only using laptop, which would has less distortion of voice and less static?
Does this microphone work well for recording vocal WITHOUT a pop-filter?
I need to find a mic to use for vlogging from my mac, but I don't really want it to appear in the shot. Will it work if it is away from my face?
does it work with windows 8 and what recording software to use with this mic?
How will this mic work recording instruments, like a flute or piano?
Is this a good microphone to use for voiceovers?
Is it good for conference call in a room where the mic will be about 3-5 feet away from everyone?
Can the 3.5mm jack output audio from your computer? For example, if I wanted to monitor my voice and hear my Skype friends with the headphones.
Will this mic work on PS4? Or does it need to have drivers installed?
I can't hear anything when I plug my headphones into the mic's jack, even though the recording seems to be working fine.
does this come with a recording system or program
Does it work if the speaker is about 18 inches away from the mic. (I'm trying to use a single mic for two speakers co-teaching a webinar.)
I am really getting into streaming my games on Twitch TV, the video talks of a delay. Will I look like an old Godzilla movie is I use this mic?
What all is included with this microphone? Does it come with any usb cords, stands, etc.?
I still can't decide between this and the Samson meteor mic. which is better for recording vocals? (mainly singing) and does this work on Windows 8?
Dose this need phantom power or is it plug and play like a blue snowball?
Is there a way to wirelessly connect another section in I have a break in my crown molding and need to continue the lights where there is not power?
Is there an additional item I need to buy to make a 90 degree turn in the LED strip. IE a desk corner?
If you connect multiple of these kits together, does the whole thing become dimmer?
Some of the reviews comment that the tape fails. Is there any other SAFE method of attaching them to a surface?
Can these be hard wired? There isn't an open outlet where these will be going, but there is existing under lighting they will be replacing.
Can you connect these after you cut them, with solder?
Is there a rechargeable battery that can be purchased instead of an adapter?
If I buy more then one strip with remote, will the remote control all of them? also will this plug into a regular home 120v outlet?
I bought one of these kits, and love it. I'd like to extend it--do you sell just another roll of LED's? I don't need another whole kit, right?
Does this have a dimmer option on the remote or would that be an accessory?
That Lauren Pera knucklehead review aside, does this foot switch work with Mustang III v2 amp? I had bought it for my Mustang III first version.
will this work with a cyberdeluxe amp and cybertwin amp
I have a Fender G dec 3 30 amp. Its supposed to use a ULT-4 switch but they quit making them. Will the 008-0996-000 footswitch work?
I have a Fender G dec 3 30 amp. Its supposed to use a ULT-4 switch but they quit making them. Will the 008-0996-000 footswitch work?
Does it work with the Mustang 3 v1?
Hello, does it works with mustang I or II amps? Thanks!
Will this switch work with a little older G-DEC 30 amp
I have the Mustang Floor II and it lists this pedal as one of the optional add-ons. Does it add functionality or just redundancy in this setup?
The 2 buttons in the middle have their 3 functions listed one below the other. Does this mean if I want to toggle the preset, I have to press twice?
2) I'm seeing this being sold for $50-$60 almost everywhere else. How can you sell this for $45?
How many extension's can be added together? 3-4 5ft extension's. This would be for the light bridge.
Are dura clamps strictly required or can o clamps be used with this system..?
What is the max height of the stands?
Are there any "o" clamps that fit this???? if so exactly whitch ones????
Are the stands strong enough to mount a Westcott D5/24"x32" soft box on? We are looking to do two from the top and one on either side.
Has anyone used this truss with 3 of the 5' sections tied together? what were the results?
Has anyone ever tried to use this to amplify an upright double bass? How did it work?
Does it affect you using a strap with your guitar?
Does this require a pre-amp, or can you connect directly to an amplifier or PA board?
is there an alternate method of mounting when the adhesive stops working?
We have various instruments for worship service-I need decent tone. Can I use this for common stringed instruments? Also, does it adhear to the inst
How is this pickup for banjo?
when powering on flashing blue lights appear and cannot be stopped. whats going on?
built in songs?how many?
Does this system come with microphones?
can it play scd+g dics on this unit?
Does anyone know how to hook up this machine to a smart tv? I can't get audio or video and the instructions are not helpful at all.
Can you slow down a song or speed it up with this machine.
Does this machine play youtube video with smart TV
if this karaoke player in the back have a input to plug my mixer because i want put on my mic some effects in my voice whend i record
Does the system have a key changer?
How do you set the CD to continue playing (changing to next song)
Does this product actually come with the limited edition virtual dj software?
Is this compatible with Serato?
can you karaoke with the mic. and can you listen to music in head phone on one side and play music on the other side at the same time
If this is compatible with analogue sources does that mean the mixer is an analogue mixer or does it go though the software?
If this is compatible with analogue sources does that mean the mixer is an analogue mixer or does it go though the software?
does the American Audio Vms2 Dj Midi Controller integrate with serato software?
What software works with it?
does this work with windows 8?
Width of jog wheels?
Will this NS6 controller run tracktor Dj software
Is this controler compatable with virtual DJ pro
What Windows is this compatible with?
does the ns6 support virtual dj
Will this program work with windows 8 and an AMD processor?
Does this come with the wires to power and connect the turn table to a laptop? Or do I have to purchase these separately
Hi guys. I bought Numark NS6 six months ago. I love the product, use it with serato. Is anyone using pioneer CDDJs with NS6?
The price includes the Marathon box that model? and that includes the price more accurately than the Hardware? Approx few hours of use?
The price includes the Marathon box that model? and that includes the price more accurately than the Hardware? Approx few hours of use?
I just got mine, I live in Europe 220-240V, and mine is From US 115V. Can I just replace AC adapter with 220V?or I have to Get 110V to 220V converter
I am a worship leader and upcoming artist. I would like to invest in this product but my question is will I need a transmitter along with this purchase?
Can I use 2 or more Bodypack's tuned to the same frequency with only one transmitter?
does this come with the body pack and the se215 earphones?
Is this monitor able to work with any Shure system?
does this attach to speakers?
Has anyone had any luck mapping this with Serato DJ?
can you you record and burn?
With there bing no headphone jack, how do you que up the next song without it being heard in the main sound?
has anyone use this with a iphone 6 plus?
Can the buttons and slider be reprogramed to perform marcos or general keyboard shortcuts? Might be interesting for use as an video editing interface.
It won't let me enter the serial number on the bottom ugh!!What gives??I didn't buy this used as I know some things won't let you enter used serial ##
Is this compatible with chromebook???
Where is the serial number??? PLEASE HELP!!! ASAP
Can I use this with edjing (software)?
I want to control a small 12 volt RGB LED display, specifically, I want to fade VERY slowly from one color to another. Will this unit do that?
Will this item work with a chauvet scorpion 3d RGB laser? I need to find a DMX controller.
I have RGB par cans and light rails. I know that they are individually compatible with this controller, but can they be controlled at the same time?
Is there a limit to the number of compatible fixtures the ADJ RGB3C will control when they're DMX daisy-chained together?
can i connect Smoke machine or LED moving head to this controller, if not can u advise better selution, but easy to use also. thx
can i connect Smoke machine or LED moving head to this controller, if not can u advise better selution, but easy to use also. thx
This product can move a head light , I have a Mini Moving Head RGB State Party DJ Effect Light - 7 x 10W,
can this product you can move a head light , I have a Mini Moving Head RGB State Party DJ Effect Light - 7 x 10W,
with this will the dmx cables power the items or will they all need their own power
Hi - will this work with an American DJ accuspot 250 ii or a Design Spot 300E?
Are the notes engraved on the keys, or are they stickers on the keys?
Does the snare case detach from the bell case?
Is the case waterproof/resistent?
Are the drumsticks 2B?
what size is the snare drum? Not the pad.
Are the bells themselves aluminum / metal or plastic? I saw a review on the Guitar Center site that the "bells" are plastic (?)
One reviewer mentioned that there was no "dampener" on the snare drum. Is there a snare release lever, so that the snares can be turned off?
Has anyone ever compared this one with the Yamaha Student Bell Kit?
what size is the snare drum?
Pearl or Ludwig bell kits/?????
How long is the power cord, before the string of lights begin?
Can two strings be used together off one controller for 32 feet?
Anyone know why these would turn off and not back on, just blink and stay off-has been working for a month. All connections tight and getting power.
Can 5 strings be linked together? I would like to do my whole house
IF they can be controlled by a switch, do they remember their last color, or does it always start over?
Can you just set to a warm white light?
Cannot get the remote to work more than intermittently - once or twice was able to power on and off, once it changed the colors made it flash (bad idea). Fresh battery made no difference. Anyone else have this issue, any suggestions? What is the...
Is the white a warm or cool white?
I see that these can be split and run off the same controller; can you split w/ a gap (connecting cable/ cerro wire) and do the same?
can one remote work with two sets?
What size is the drum pad? The band director has requested a 10" or larger practice pad
The picture shows a kit but the parts list sounds as if the drum pad and drumsticks are not part of it. What exactly is included?
How much does this weigh? How do the bells attach to the stand? Do the bells have a case or are the bell notes exposed in the bag?
Are the bell mallet tips made out of plastic?
What is the diference between PK900 and PK900C
Where is it made?
For those who purchased this item how long has it lasted you? How long has the unit remained in tact? Have you had to replace any parts?
whats the difference between the pearl pk 800c and peral pk900c?
Will a snare drum(which we own) fit inside the case?
Does the keys have engraved letters on them
I'm new to guitars. Do you need an amp for it to work?
Would this guitar work with the Xbox 360 Rocksmith?
What type of single-coil pickups does this guitar have? Are they made by Legacy or are the name brand?
does it come with a whammy bar?
Does it need a specific amp???
It is full sized right? and I am a new bee to the guitar world so Is this a good guitar or is it not that good?
Does this guitar have the same kind of country twang as a tele? or is it more like a strat?
How good is the tremolo?
Once you take the guitar out the box, is the sound good?
could this guitar, be used as an adult size guitar?
The strings of my guitar has broken.. Can you suggest me a string set in amazon for this guitar.. (I'm a beginner :/)
does this guitar come with any sort of carrying bag/case?
What is the weight of this guitar?
Can I fit a Squier pickguard on here? Trying to mod one as a gift for a friend.
Being an obvious Stratocaster look-alike... how does it compare in sound, quality and action?
what kind of amp does it need?
Does this include a guitar amplifier?
Looking for a good digital recorder, we are going to holy lands and i would like to recorded the guided tours, and outside lectures
What size is the tripod hole? What tripods work with the Tascam DR-07?
Can you "jump" to a mark point instead of fast forwarding to it manually?
Anyone used the Line In function successfully? On the DR-05 it says it does line in but reviewers note that the input is too hot, just works for mics.
How is the quality for recording classical music? As in close miking grand piano in xy or ab.
Im thinking of setting one the middle of a room to record my band to review songs we've written/song's we're working on. Will the quality be decent?
Regarding the differences between the DR-07 &amp; DR 22, do BOTH units offer Output AND Input level manual controls as well as analog mini output jack?
If using it to film, does it capture too much background noise? Can it be used as directional mic, like one would use on a boom?
Im wondering if I can wear this and connect it to an 1/8" headset or lav to record myself doing yoga classes. will handling noise be a problem?
does this have a db meter?
Any one figure out a way to control the volume of this pedal for FX models that don't explicitly have a volume parameter?
Can I create a drum beat with this machine?
Does this have any storage space to store your favorite custom effects parameters? If so, how many slots?
People say you can only use one effect at a time. Does that mean I can't be using a delay, chorus, and EQ at the same time?
Does this have a built-in looper so that you can jam against yourself to practice?
Does it come with DC adapter?
Does this device come with a power supply?
Do I need my computer in order to use this?
Can this be operated with batteries?
Does it work with previous versions of line 6footswitchs? What is the bit rate?
If I connect the POD HD via USB, will I be able to hear the sound of my guitar and my computer with my head phones, or would I need a USB interface?
Can I use this with an actual amplifier?
Are the prongs adjustable? If not, would they hold a mandolin, ukelele, and banjo along with guitars?
Are the screws easy to screw in or the holder sticking out making it hard to get a screw driver In screw head?
Can the mount be rotated so the holes are in line with the stud? I would never hang my guitar with sheetrock anchors.
do the hooks suspend the guitar far enough away so that the wall is not scratched and will not cause scratches to an electric/ acoustic gtr? banjo?
Is this product Nitrocellulose Safe?
One reviewer claim a noticeable hum when capturing to software in the PC. Anyone else notice the hum ? Need mixer for vocal in narrations. No hum's
Will this split a mono signal into stereo? My loop pedal has a mono output, but I want to hear sound in both ears when I play using headphones.
Does the XLR input output any phantom power? if so how much?
Can you hook up active or powered speakers to this mixer?
I have three ts instruments and a ts (mono) amp can I run three ts inputs into this mixer ?
can i record multiple microphones simultaneously? for example: if i were interviewing two people.....
I have a bias powered condenser mic (JK Mic-J 044 1/8" mono lav). Will this mixer, using a standard 1/8" to 1/4" adapter, be able to power the mic?
Can I use this with headphones only (no speakers) and still control volume of headphones?
Would it be possible to run this to my laptop via a 1/4'' to usb cable?
How do you see this working for singing on a Shure SM48-LC balanced mic? 18V enough?
For those who have had this unit for over a year, is the mixer still working 100%? Does the mixer get really hot?
What is the qulaity of the effects. Reverb for vocalists especially
Can I use tv as input? If so, can I have both tv and mic input work at the same time?
I tried to connect my keyboard to the mixer, but it didn't work. I used dual 1/4 to dual 1/4 but did'nt work
2 mics, 3 guitars and a keyboard..running out to powered QSC's..will this mixer be the answer?
Where can I connect the in ear monitor? So I can hear the recording and play with my drums
What is the wattage on this? How loud is this product? What could it be used for?
Are you able to "mute" individual channels on this mixer or do you have to use the volume control to silence a particular channel?
Is this mixer only 110 v? Or is it dual voltage 110 to 220 v?
How do you connect the laptop sound to this mixer? This doe not have a USB.
Are they wooden sticks, if not what are they made of?
Is there an instruction, lesson or activity booklet included with the sticks?
How long are the rhythm sticks?
What kind of paint is used? My toddler still puts everything in his mouth so I worry about toxicity.
Where is this product made?
how tall is a maraca?
How heavy are they?
What colors do you have available?
do you have this item only in green color
what material are they made of?!
How can I eliminate the sound delay between the A-300pro and the computer sound card?
What is the build quality of this keyboard? Including the body and keys? Thank you!
can headphones be connected directly to this piano?
Does it work well with garage band and Ipad2? it is good to play with? Thanks!
How large are the keys?
does it come with the cord to plug it into the computer?
How long is the cord?
Can it be used on a ukelele?
how do you install this ?
Can it be used w/lefthand guitars so that the wire hang not interfereing w/the strings???
can it be used on a plastic Cymbal for a e-drum set
Do you have a tuner for electric quitar?
Has anyone tried to use this with an autoharp?
rocksmith
rocksmith 2014?
can I attach to a baritone ukelele
I bought this to use for a Canon T3i DSLR and the audio is 1 speaker only. My dual mono adapter I used on my other lapel mic doesn't work with this?
will it plug into a Canon HD Video Camera?
I've people say this doesn't work properly with Zoom H1 (locking nuts). How about Tascam DR-07MKII?
Would this work with my iphone?
It works with a simple 3,5mm jack ?
Can I use a cable extender with this mic without loosing phantom power? If positive, can you point me one for example?
can someone tell me the cable length please
Does anyone know if this item will work successfully with a Roland Wave/MP3 recorder R-05? Thanks
Will this work with the sennheiser ew100 G2?
Will this work on the Zoom H2N?
Does this case stay open when putting the instrument into it? Or does it tend to fall closed in the process?
is this case for all clarinets or are they brand specific?
Does it have room for four key on the clarinet
what size is this case ?
How many pockets are on the outside and how many slots are in the inside
is the "shoulder strap" one of the backpack straps, or is it supposed to come with 3 total straps (two backpack and one shoulder)?
What are the dimensions of this item?
what does it come with??
How big is the package shipped? Is it only one package or many? Thanks
Is the snare drum preassembled? This is my second set and my first one had the snare ready to play.
this says six piece, however including the snare this would be a seven piece....which is it?
Does this set included the cymbals and hi-hat and stands? Thanks
What is the better buy IR110, IR130, or the IR200 and why do you think that?
What is the wave length ?
Is this light more like a spot light or does it have a wide viewing angle? And what is the min. distance and max effective distance to use this light?
This is 12v but how many amps? Need to know this before I can buy it.
can I wire this into my low voltage outdoor lighting system?
Is it best to set the camera up at night?
I see the glow when the lamp is on, but my camera doesn't pick it up I see no improvement over just the few leds that are on the camera.
I just purchased this and I do not see even a slight red glow from the unit. How can I tell if it is working? I do not want to install if I have to ta
Is the photosensor something that can be turned off so that it is always on?
What is the IR output wattage?
Does it come with everything it shows in the picture for exactly 37.99 dollars plus shipping
Does it come with everything it shows in the picture for exactly 37.99 dollars plus shipping
What does this come with? Will I have to buy seperate pads or does the set come with the pads?
Do they stick on with an adhesive backing ?
will this work with the peltor comtac iii mic ports on both ear cups?
is this price for a pair or single
will it fit a cordoba 25ck
I can only afford one case, so can I use this for my soprano as well?
Will my Luna Great Wave Concert ukulele fit? Is it protective enough for summer camps and such?
will my tenor concert ukelele fit?
What's the largest lower bout this case will accommodate if you compress the padding? Lower bout is 7-3/4? My uke is 8-1/2.
What is the thickness of the padding?
What are the interior dimensions of the case to the edges of the padding? (total length, body length, upper bout, lower bout and how deep?)
Is there two speakers in a package or just one?
Would I be able to hook up my Drum Machine to this, specifically the Alesis SR 16?
how decibles
looking to buy a PA speaker for Karaoke. How well do you think this speaker compares to PYLE-PRO PPHP1237UB 12-Inch 900 Watt or BEHRINGER EUROLIVE?
Is this speaker Bluetooth compatible?
would these be good for an arena (indoor or outdoor)
is it loud enough for a band to jam with? will it top drums, guitar?
Can I add an IO dock pro audio - alesis to this? and how?
I want to connect two speakers to a mixer BEHRINGER EURORACK UB1202FX, let me know if this would work? if the speakers are pre-amplified to do this?
Could this speaker be hooked up to a laptop to play sound for a power point presentation for a work meeting?
does a soda can fit into this? Pepsi, Coke styles...thanks
What is the inner diameter of this?
Will this fit on a standard size music (as opposed to mic) stand? (Not sure if it's wider than 1/2")
will this hold a solo cup?
how heavy is it? plastic? or steel? (a lot of flying here.. have to calculate every gram..:(
Can I put this one on a hi hat stand? Does it fit?
Will it work with Mac Mountain lion OS X
Is MacBook Pro OSX Versi&oacute;n 10.8.3 2.5 GHZ Intelcore I5 compatible with the Focusrite Scarlett 8i6 8 in/6 out USB 2.0 Audio Interface?
I would like for this to work as a simple mixer without having to boot computer. As long as I leave this plugged in, does it just pass audio through?
Can the front inputs be used as line level inputs?
Are the 1/4" outputs balanced?
Is it compatible with Aspireone windows 7 mini labtop.? and also Im recording with Adobe audition ASIO4all drivers,will this setup work.?
Are there any build-in speakers with this keyboard?
Does this synthesizer work as an audio interface with Pro Tools 10 or 11?
Is there a handbook to learn how to perform it?
Is it weighted keys?
Does this refurbished item include the Cubase IA software?
Can I play a style create by Yamaha psr s650 into this mox6?
Can you play MID files directly from a USB device or load it from USB device (not through a computer)?
i can use how midi controller in FL STUDIO?? and what is the different with the motif rack xs??
will a Yamaha 166cx mixer fit the top
what are the internal dimensions? i have a sound module with a depth of 18 1/8" that i hope to mount on the 6u portion
Are there mounting capabilities in the back panel. Such as for a 2U fan setup?
What are the internal dimensions, and possible encumberances? I have a single, 2 slot amp, that I use with a Behringer PMP4000 which measures 18. 7 x 18.1!
is there a 10u maching case that i can set this case on top
What is all included? It's shown on a case with wheels and a shelf for your laptop. Are they included are do they need to be purchased separately?
Can it run on batteries?
Which yamaha adapter goes with this keyboard?
Does this keyboard have a sheet music stand? Usually a wire bracket that fits into the top so you can rest sheet music against it.
What are the weight and dimensions?
Can you plug heaphones into this keyboard?
I have a 600 mah universal power adapter, will that work with this keyboard or will I have to buy another one?
Did anyone else have trouble with the power button on this yamaha keyboard?
Can I record a song on this keyboard?
Are the keys "weighted"?
Are the keys weighted?
Can this guitar be played unamplified?
I like my AH-50 so much, I'm considering buying another and replacing the tuning gears with steel ones so I can use steel strings; any thoughts?
What about is the nut width ?
Could any of you provide the string spacing dimension at the bridge? Basically, the distance from high E string to low E string? Thanks
Do guitar came with the nylon strings? Do guitar came with care and maintenance manual, at least the specifications for the strings?
did your guitar have the dots on the frets like on the picture? because mine does not
i am left handed do you sell a left handed one of the ah-50
I am very happy with Antonio Hermosa AH-50.... but the 6th and 5th strings buzz in the 3rd fret. Can this be fixed adjusting the neck ?
WHAT IS THE ALLEN WRENCH USED FOR?.
How loud is the unamplified volume of this guitar compared to a steel-string, solid-body electric? Quiet enough for hotel room practice?
I have an Asher lap steel. Wil it fit in this case?
I have a Chandler RH-2 lap steel, It is 33" inches long and 12" wide at the widest point. I was wanting a gig bag instead of a hsc. Will this gig bag work for it?
Does a recording king rg-31 fit in this bag?
I have a vintage 1940 Gibson Mastertone lap steel- any suggestions on a case?
Are the back straps detachable?
Can only play a piano a little. What do you use for a pedal? Can regular ear buds like I use on my iphone work or do I need to order headsets? If so, only want very light ones. Thanks!
does this come with the AC power cord?
Does this come with a stand?
does it have auto chording
Does it have the music book holder?
I am ready to order but need to know if I should order a pedal. Which ones will fit this model? Would like to read reviews before ordering? thanks!
hello I need to know the disassembled playard measures, i mean, the real box dimension, because i will send it by ship to another country.
I am in need of a cheap boom pole for the occasional freelance shoot. Will this one work with ANY mic and shockmount? I have an Azden SGM-2X.
I have the Rode PG2 Handle Grip, will this pole attach to with my handle grip?
Is it compatible with Rode Video Mic?
What is the maximum extension?
does it come with clips to hold the mic cable in place?
Are there extendable poles like this that can be adjusted to a maximum length of 14 feet?
Is it threaded at the bottom so I can attach a digital recorder like the Zoom H1?
How do i attach the xm55 microphone kit that i got along with it.
Is it compatible with Rode Videomic pro?
How long does it extend? The photo shows it is longer than the height of an adult, but the description says it is 6.75 feet long. Thanks in advance!
Does the case have a hook for locking the case with a padlock?
will my 1615 ovation guitar fit in this case ?
What is the difference between the 8158 and the 9158 Ovation hard cases?
is this available now
Can this tune an electric bass without having to plug it to an amp?
What is the tree digit display for in the lower left that never seems to light up?
Is this tuner actually good for a violin?
Will it work with Venezuelan Cuatro? A D# F B
This Snark requires a CR2 battery (like to have spares). Amazon shows both a CR2 photo battery (like AAA) and a CR2032 (flat disc). Which one? Thanks
How good does it tune a electric guitar?
Can this tuner tune a viola?
Can you use it to tune a standard viola?
Which tuner do you reccomend for Upright Bass with low G?
Will it work on an Autoharp?
will this work with windows 8 or 8.1
Does this come with an ilok?
does it work with new mac osx 10.9?
Will a Yamaha F-335 fit into this case?
Does the case have any pockets for accessories? If so, can it fit a regulation 3 ring note book? Thanks so much!!
Will this case fit the Yamaha NTX700 nylon-string guitar?
everybody is complaining about the size... What about if I have a guitar of 40"? Should I buy it?
Does this case seem good enough to put the guitar in check-in baggage? Especially if the guitar is snug fit and cannot move about inside?
Will this case fit a Yamaha FS700S?
Will this Case fit in the YAMAHA FG700S?
Does this fit a 41long x5deep x16 inch wide guitar
I purchased Yamaha C40II classical guitar, which is 40.3 x 18.3 x 5 inches. Is this case suit for it?
How much does this case weigh? States 10 lbs which is the same as the hard cases - thought this would be a lighter alternative.
Can this mount on the Rode Micro Boom Pole Telescopic Microphone Extension?
Will this work with a mic smaller than 19mm, specifically an old Radioshack 33-2001A that tapers from 12mm at its base to 17mm at its head?
This mounts on a boom pole, right?
Will it fit a zoom h1 recorder?
fits my mic perfect but I'd like to mount it on an extension painters pole- do you know if there's an adapter for that?
Will my mic slip out if the camera tilts downward? Using an Audio Technica 897.
does it also play a cd?
Can songs be played from my Mac iTunes in to the machine?
Does this machine display words to the songs?
Does the system has audio and video outputs?
Can I use a karaoke app such as KaraFun with this product?
can it connect to a iphone
Can it hook up to a TV and use CDG discs?
how loud/good is the sound system?
good for ipod or iphone 5?
I have an iphone5. Will it work with this product?
my battery doesn't charge. whats the deal
I am looking for great bass??? How large is the largest speaker?
Does it come with the power cord and can you confirm it works via Bluetooth with a device like iPhone.
does it have a hole in the bottom for a try pod
I want a buy de Ion block. But where is the mic??
Does it have a USB input for flash drives?
Does this have bluetooth capabilities?
How many microphone plug-ins are there? Are there separate volume controls for each?
If I plug my tablet into this speaker and use software like Karafun or Red Karaoke, will I also be able to Chromecast the tablet to my TV?
Can I connect to tv?
the discription below says it comes with two microphones. the top discription says only one? which is it. thanks
does the big screan come with machine , will it play cdg's can you add another mike
Help - Looking for alternative apps to download, our iPad is to old for the recommended one.
Is the microphone wireless or does it have to be plugged in?
Does it work with a mini ipad.. can you find out?
will this work with ipod or I phone?
Does it play cds made for karaoke machines
Will this work with the mini ipad?
Will it be easy for an 8 year old to use?
Will the piano apprentice work with an iPad mini?
Will it work with IOS7 and lightening adaptor?
will this work with iphone5?
Will this product work with my IPad first generation
Are you able to listen to the music through headphones vs it playing through the devices speakers?
do I have to use an app to practice or can I simply practice from a book and it will play?
Hi, Does this work ipod (bought the latest ipod on Dec 2014, 5th gen?). Do I have to buy the adapter (30 pint to lightning) or its included?
Will this work with the new Ipad Air 2?
Does it have a headphone jack?
Does it come with all the software KOMPLETE ELEMENTS, CUBASE LE 6, TRAKTOR LE 2, $30.00 e-voucher?
Someone helping to decide what to buy between these: Focusrite scarlett 2i4, Roland Quad Capture, Native instruments Komplete, M-Audio M-Track.
logicpro : have existing tracks, record vocal onto new track with effects pluginS, monitorin as U sing. How is latency? other units tried suck. thx
Are the drivers for windows fixed in 2015?
Does it works with 3.0 usb port? (MacBook Pro Retina)
Does this unit support Phantom power
Can Inputs 3/4 accept unbalanced input by using TS cables?
can i record on all 4 inputs at same time?
Can I use this with a soundcard and could I plug In like akai and maschine into this ?
Will this help lower latency when using vsts in daws. For example when i open alot of vsts in flstudio it lags
Will this work as a guitar tuner as well? (received as a Christmas gift, but it's the uke version instead of guitar)
Does it work on a baritone uke?
just to be sure it work for ukulele correct?
Can I use it as a violin tuner?
How does this work? How is it clipped on to tune?
Will this work for an Erhu as well? Erhu is a two-string Chinese instrument.
Do you really need the "SN6" for a ukulele, or will any of them work? Thanks!
Will this instrument also work on tuning a banjo?
Does it work on a dulcimer?
What type of batteries does this use?
which looks more like most shiny brown violins, the natural or the satin varnish? ( need one that looks like one i already have)
Is it electric&gt; able to plug in to an amplifier/speaker?
What is the warranty on this item?
Since these are so much more expensive than the 7506's, what is the difference? I need flat response and was wondering what the price difference means
How long is the warranty?
Where are they made?
The Sony MDR 7520 is marketed as a headphone for mixing and mastering by professionals in the studio, but is it just as useful for consumer listening?
Can we be assured by Amazon that these Sony MDR-7520 phones are the real thing, and not counterfeits?
Are the ear pads leather or pleather? If pleather, can they be replaced with Beyerdynamic EDT250V velour ear pads when they wear out?
Are this headphones compatible with the iPad?
Do they have detachable cables? How much clamping force do they have?
Can you suggest a light weight &amp; compact speaker stand that is between 50 &amp; 60 inches &amp; easy to carry?
can i use a subwoofer with this for better sound? i just ordered this JBL JRX118S passive jbl sub and realized i don't know if it'l even work...
I have the 210P. Instructions say you can hook up a subwoofer to the mixer. Called JBL Pro and they said you can't. Has anyone gotten a sub to work?
Tnx, but is it for 3 items? 2speakers and a mixer all for $900.? Yes?
Is it 110 or 220 volts?
$900 for two speakers and 1 mixer already?
can you add additional receivers to this transmitter?
What kind of batteries does it use?
Does the limiter reliably protect ears from volume spikes and possible feed back?
can you hear all vocals coming through the PA? Does this connect to a PA monitor out? Can you hear the rest of the band when wearing these monitors?
Does this come with the pictured earphones?
Will the psm200 support multiple simultaneous receivers or only one per transmitter?
does the head phones come with drivers
What frequencies are available in the transmitter?
Does this come with a rackmount kit?
Does it work with multiple Shure body packs tuned to the same frequency?
How does this connect to a Mac? It appears that all the connections are to an iOS device. What cable is needed to connect to a MacBook Pro?
I have a new MacBookPro 13" Retina Display laptop with 2 Thunderbolt ports. Can the Apogee Jam be directly pluged into a Thunderbolt port rather than
I this something I can use just to practice to a song or would i need something else? In short, If I play music on my IPOD could I play along and hear my instrument also over my headphones
How could I get this device to output sound to speakers in real time?
Can I listen using my iPad's built-in speaker, i.e. instead of connecting external speakers through the Ipad's headphone jack?
I'm getting a lot of feedback with higher gain using my headphone jack plug (the Positive Grid JamUp). Is the Apogee JAM better at avoiding feedback?
What adapter do I need for Jam Studio and new iPad with lightning connector
Will jams work no a mini Mac I have sonic6 it won't.
Do I need this to connect guitar to duet/breakout? Will it connect to those? Are special cables needed?
Can you hook this up to a Mac book air?
How many sheets of 7x7 putty are there?
What's the STC rating for this product.
how many pad do you get for $52.75
What is the difference between this metal volume box amp attenuartor and the 8 ohm 50 watt speaker soak?
marshall bluesbreaker. how would that work? could it work?
I have a Randall solid state 100w head -getting hiss when distortion channel is on - well this pedal solve that? -i have fx loop input in back of head
I dont have an effects loop on my amp, but would this work with a loop pedal like the One Control Black loop switcher?
hello, I got one. Is it work with a vox ac30 amp?
does it come with the drum key?
"does it come with the drum key"?
does it come with the drum key?
"does it come with the drum key"?
Would this snare work for a church drummer
Does this come with drum sticks?
does it come with a stand?
What size is the drum head?
How to tune it?
is this snare ment for gospel.to?
How much weight will this hold vertically mounted on glass?
How much comes on the roll strip or package?
Can you paint this another color and still have this work effectivly?
How many Feet is this Product?
what key is the ukelele in?
I would like to have something like this as a beginner instrument for a 3 year old. Is this suitable (size-wise)? Also, it says it is soprano. I noticed there are "concert", "tenor" etc ukuleles. Is "soprano" the norm? What's the difference?
Where are these ukeleles manufactured?
Is there a tuner with this package
I'm having trouble learning to play. The strings will not stay tuned for a second. How long will it take to adjust? What can I do to help it?
My daughter has one and a friend broke a string. What kind of replacement strings does it take? I know they are Nylon but what gauge?
i purchased one of these and it does not hold the tuned notes I have had it for two weeks and am very disappointed what can i do?
I have had my ukelele for a week now. I am unable to keep it in tune long enough to begin to learn how to play. Would different strings help?
What are strings to use to replace after using the extra?
Is it normal for the strings to to gain or drop several entire notes from those they were tuned to only 30 seconds ago (not an exaggeration)?
does the mic come with it
prefer my microphone facing down slightly above my standing mouth level -can this be attached to a regular mic&amp;boom stand to facilitate this set up?
it comes with the shock mount right?
how thick is the foam?
Does it come with a mic stand?
Will this fit a Tak EC132-c?
Will this fit a Tak EC132c?
Will this case fit a Takamine New Yorker?
What color is the lining
will this fit a Tak EG128SG?
Will a G501S fit in this case?
will a GD51-NAT fit in this case?
Will this fit GN93CE Cutaway style?
Will a GD93 NAT fit in this case?
will it fit a G530?
Will the GD20NS fit in this case?
will eg523sc12 fit this case ?
WILL A GJ72CE FIT IN THIS CASE ??
what is the weight of the saxophone with the bag
Would it be posted to Bethlehem, New Zealand, 3010?
Does it sound the same as a Yamaha saxophone or worst?
Can this instrument be repaired?
this isn't plastic right????!!!
What size is the mouthpiece? Is it 4C?
Can it be shipped to Ghana?
kindly share this product Hight width lenth (cm) details ?
will it break when it comes in the mail
will it break when it comes in the mail
how do i connect the turntable to a yamaha r--6201?
Is there any way to adjust the tone arm?
What's the sound quality like? Not looking for anything super high quality, just curious about the volume and whatnot.
Is there any sort of volume control?
can I record to a cd?
Does this have a Belt Drive or Direct Drive
I want to buy replacement needles when I make the record player purchase. Is there a specific or recommened needle for this unit?
Does it play more than 1 record at a time?
It has internal speakers, yes?
I bought 2 of these for my daughter for her birthday and both of them skip records forward---it starts playing OK and then the player / record skips --any suggestions on what to do to make the records stop skipping?
Will this harmonizer work with only a voice in the mic, or does it require a guitar or other input? Thanks, Dean
I understand I can use it by selecting the key the song is played in? Does anyone know if I can use the music from the karaoke machine as an input thru the guitar mode to auto set the key and harmony? Does TC Helicon make a different device better...
15.5 pounds? is that the correct weight????
high impedence or low inpedence input?
do these TC Effects come with the 9V? power supply?
Will this pitch my speaking voice down to a monster-like low tone and still sound natural, or will it try to force speech into musical tones?
Can you route the output audio through the 1/4" output jack if you're using the XLR microphone input?
is it comes with its electric adapter
Will this cable send audio to the usb of my laptop?
I ordered this cable in hopes to use this with my Audio Technica AT2035, but the cable is not working. What can I do
I have a BehingerPS400 that suppys phantom power and i have a MCA SP1 XLR mic, if i buy this cabel and connect it to tthe Behinger will my mic work?
Does this cable supply phantom 48v to the xlr microphone?
does it one work for rode nt1-A?
Can this be microphone for a Sony Handycam HDR-CX240?
Would this work with my Excelvan BM-800 Condenser Microphone?
If I wanted to play a karaoke ap from my computer through a keyboard amp, would this be the right cable?
Will this work with the Shure SM58 mic?
What software do I need to use this on my Windows computer? I hooked it up and it sees it as a speaker instead of an input
Is this a hard case? What color is the case? Thanks!
what are the manufactured strings on this Uke?
Is this solid wood or laminate?
What is the difference between an OU2 and an OU5?
It is impossible to tell from the photos - does this ukulele have a high-gloss finish?
Does this pocket trumpet use the same mouthpiece as a regular trumpet?
What is the size of mouthpiece for this trumpet?
how big is it?
what size is the mouth piece
Is there any difference in sound projection/loudness between this and a full size trumpet?
Is there Lead in the Mouthpiece, in the description it says,
Can you use the same music book as a regular trumpet
who actually makes it and where
do the valves stick
I've heard that pocket trumpets allow one to access the upper ranges more easily...is that true?
Absolute audio beginner.. I have a Peavey PR 15 speaker currently hooked up to my amp which is a Crown x1000 (2x300 watt amp). Can I add this sub?
can this speaker handle a 2400 watt amp
How do I change the built in crossover settings, or how do I get to the crossover?
Is this a Passive or Active sub?
Is there any other info I can get about the sub. Ohms? Db output?
I can only hear about 120Hz - 500Hz. Little between 30Hz - 90Hz. I can't hear or feel kick drum from any song. Something to do with built in xover?
I need to fix mine that I bought some months ago. Where I can get it? Is there warrant period?
do the springs etc hold up ? reading a lot about entry level saxs, and a lot of complaints about not being able to find parts
Does anyone know the specification of the mouthpiece that comes with it A,B,C 4,5 etc.?
Does the refurbished legacy come with the neck strap ligature and all that stuff?
hey, does this sax have a legacy logo on its bell? thanks!
I would like to know what you all think of the instrument after a year, does it still meet the learning students needs?
Who manufactures the legacy saxophones
Does anyone know what country it's manufactured in
so is this size in black because blue is kinnd of an eye sore or at least this blue is
Is this case lockable? Thank you.
What is this case made of? What are the exact measurements? Thank you
Hi, do you have this in any other colour?
my daughter has a 13" viola. will the blue 3/4 size case fit?
What are the length, depth and width dimensions in inches of this case?
where are u sending it from??
Is the 4/4 a full size
Hi do you happen to have this case in pink?
We would also like a black 3/4 size. How do we specify that when ordering through Amazon?
Can the electric cello be transported to Taiwan? And how much would that be?
Is the fingerboard fully arched or is it 'ramped' on one side? Is the bridge a standard acoustic bridge with the pickup mounted between the feet?
How do I get a copy of the 1 year warranty? The neck is cracked.
How difficult is it to learn cello? Not talking about being really good which is probably years, but just to play twinkle twinkle little star etc.?
If I install it on my current computer and upgrade to a different computer (like I am planning to), will I have to buy another copy of the software?
does this software come with pre-recorded drum beats?
Will this version operate on Windows 8?
I need to shorten and fade a song on my amazon cloud and burn to cd for my wifes horse show. Will this work for that ?
is it 32 gb or 64 gb
Is this compatible with windows 8?
How can I convert my midi composed keyboard tracks down into wav or mp3 format to share with my girlfriend?
Does this come with premade sounds?
I have an Arturia Minilab controller and I was wondering if the Analog Lab program that comes with the minilab will record on Acid.
Does this software support multi-track recording?
How long is this case?
Is this case for a resonator or open back?
What is the measurement across the bottom? My banjo is 14"
Does this case give good protection for the instrument? My 6th grader will be traveling back and forth to school, and she's not the most careful.
Is the extra pocket big enough to store a mute?
what are the dimensions?
Is this a hard or soft case? Looking to purchase something lightweight for a middle schooler.
Is there room for any mutes in the case?
Will these work on bass guitars?
Can anyone tell me whether these work as well as a roller string guide?
I have a guitar with a Warmoth neck with an upside down headstock. It has a cheap retainer on the low E and A strings. Will these work?
I was going to purchase just one unit for mono referencing but see many people buy them in pairs. Any advice which would be best?
What are the dimensions of the speaker (WXDXH)?
The volume seems much less from the one mono cube than my stereo monitors and I have to turn the volume way up. Do you find the same thing?
Is this price for one speaker or a pair of speakers as shown in the picture?
How do I get mono sound? I have ONE cube, a HOSA Audio Signal Selector, and 1/4" cable/splitter, but it sounds like half of a stereo image, not mono with some instruments almost completely dropped out. Can anyone recommend a better setup?
I thought I was going to get 2 speakers. Does everyone just use one of these in mono, not a pair for flexibility of stereo or mono?
will this work with this https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00...
Rack Mount tabs removable? Does anyone know if he rack mount tabs are removable or not, if you're not installing this into any sort of rack?
Does it work with the Yamaha PA System with speaker &amp; monitor out only?
is it compatiple to 220 Volt?
is this work with my karaoke player
Does this replace the need a post fader eq? if not should I put this before or after my eq? My eq is inbetween my mixer and power amp. Thank you.
I have 2 mics on a preamp running into my mixer. (no phant pwr on mixer) Could I put this in between preamp and mixer to eliminate feedback on the mics without messing with the music signal?
How many mics operates on this, and does it work with the +48v mics... My system isnt +48v but i use the +48v phantom power supply
I have a bc rich kerry king "v" guitar. Will this stand hold a v without the points of the v hitting the ground?
Can a guitar inside of a hard shell case fit on this stand? What about in a gig bag?
Can I remove every other peg so that I can stand up my guitars in the case?
would a Rogue Viola Bass fit comfortably in this?
will this hold small stringed instruments, uke?
what are the assembly instructions for this product? It was sent to me with no assembly instructions
dimensions package?
Will it hold a "V" shaped guitar without the points of the V touching the floor? I have a BC Rich Kerry KIng V.
Is the tubing used on this stand safe with all guitar finishes? If not, which ones is it not safe to use with?
Can it be mounted to a wall?
because this item is cheaper than the competition? to be its price? they are brand new? consists of two units bring their cables?
Can you confirm these units are 110v/240v AC auto voltage switching ?
thanks for your reply ... I need to know please if the team consists of the controntrolador and cd tray or simply cd tray just want to make sure what
Can you record dry (without fx) while monitoring with fx. Such as record guitar dry, while monitoring with an internal Zoom overdrive and reverb ?
are you able to hear any playback on zoomr8 from the built in mics or do you have to have speakers/headphones plugged in the back of unit?
is it working on windows 8
Can I record my XLR mic to my computer real-time through this? I do videos and podcasting; I need to be able to use the mic with Skype as well.
does this only work on batteries or can you get a power supply for it?
How do you program/prep the SD card?
can this be hooked to a dj mixer and record while playing
How is the battery life?
I have an old Zoom BR-8 which recorded to old discs. Can I transfer the recordings to this machine and edit the tracks?
The photos show only (2) analog inputs, and no digital interface connetors. A) How would you possibly record 8 tracks simultaneously, or control DAW?
Is this a good size for a 10-year old to sit on her bed and play with? Or is it more or a desk thing?
do it come with an AC Adapter
Is the music stand in the picture detachable from the keyboard itself? I'm hoping it comes off for easier transport.
Does it come with sheet music holder? It's shown in the image but just wanted to make sure.
can you play multiple keys on this keyboard?
Does this keyboard have automatic key play or lighted keys for teaching purposes?
I lost my power chord for this, can anyone link me to a replacement? Having some difficulties here. Thank you!
Does the power supply come with the keyboard?
does this keyboard come ready to play or do I need to program it
What are the dimensions - width and depth of the keyboard?
What is a "bowed" cello? I am not a cello person, just buying this for my wife.
Will any full size cello fit in this case? I thought I heard that there are slight variations in full size cellos.
Does this have wheels?
What size cello is this case for?
If this is a 4/4 case, why does my 4/4 bow not fit in the bow compartment? My 4/4 bow is too long. My violin fits fine.
Does this case have a shoulder strap?
What is the actual empty weight of the case?
Will it properly hold an electric silent violin - like Yamaha sv-200?
Does this case fit a shoulder rest?
Size: Is this a 4/4 size?
can you use the usb with audacity and if so does it need software to do so?
How many aux feeds or line level outputs does this board have?
before purchasing for multi-use, need to know if the ProFx 16/4 can be hooked up to computer and projector or dvd player to show movies/documentaries.
Would this be a good board to use as a mixer for live stage where up to ten wireless mic's and possibly sound effects and recorded tracks will be used
how is the recording quality of this unit?
the mains out, shows 2 1/4 out and 2 xlr's out, do you know if i can run all of these outputs out to 4 monitors?
can you record multi channels with the usb?
Does this have Phantom Power?
Does this come with a rack mount?
would this be a good mixing board for a podcast/internet radio?
Does it have places to plug in extra speakers?
what karaoke cds do you buy for this? is it compatible with any karaoke cd?
do the words show up on the tv screen or just the karaoke screen?
Does hit have a bus drive port?
is the mike included
Is there key change?
can you use your own cd's??
can i record the singing to my computer via usb cable?
Are the included mics wireless, or wired?
Does the unit come with cable to connect to TV?
Do you have rigid case for it avaliable ?
you plug it into an amp right? or is that not what they mean by electric? i dont wanna get a hollow body electric. and electric accoustic would be coo
Hello, i need exact measurements so i can choose which case i need? Any help will be appreciated, thanks.
Good morning! I am a beginnert. can i use a bigger external amplifier with it? can i play without the batteries?
Is this a full size guitar or a mini guitar?
good afternoon, I'm from Venezuela and I want to buy this guitar, you can do the job well for packing that I send to my mailbox international
what does this come with
Good evening friends, I need exact measurements in inches or more approximate box to calculate the cost of shipping to Venezuela early reply thank you
Will this guitar hold nylon strings?
does it come professionally set up and ready to play?
Where is it made?
I don't want to spend a TON of money on my very first violin but I do want a good instrument with good sound. Is this a good instrument?
What are the dimensions of the case ?
Does the violin arrive with a sound post? The sound post is a wooden stick that runs between the top and back faces inside the violin.
the violin is assembled
does this violin come set up?
this is came insambled
is it a high quality
i can't open the case, is it broken or i just dont know the method? the case is locked and no matter i turn the key how many times in either direction
where was it made
is this a tenor, bari, supr?
why did I receive the uke without the white pick guard installed on the uke? Am I expected to install it on the uke myself? I don't know what to do.
1) Do I need to buy a cable to connect the ukelele to amplifier. If yes, which one? 2) What shoulder strap to buy t connect to ukelele. Thanks
How hard is the card board box? Is it hard enough to avoid the ukulele from breaking whilst it's internationally shipped?
can this be played as an acoustic ukulele?
I received 3 different answers - soprano, concert and tenor. Dealer here says it only comes in sorpano. What size is this???
Dimensions please! - the Dealer here says it's only made in soprano size and the one I saw was pretty small.
should the strings be replaced and if so with what brand?
would it be safe to put tenor aquila strings on this uke?
What sort of gig bag comes with it? Soft cloth, hard case, color, pockets, etc?
Can anyone confirm whether or not the keys on this keyboard are full-sized?
How are the keys and sound compare to a real piano? Is the transition easy/difficult?
Can I use headphone with this model?
Does anyone have a complete list of what the 10 voices (instruments) are? And how good do they sound?
&gt;the produt come with ac adaptor?
Does it serve as a midi keyboard?
What is in the box?
Are the keys weighted?
What power adapter should be bought for this keyboard?
What's a good stand for the Yamaha np11?
Which model is it??? 100, 200,300??
what is the shipping box dimenions
I'm seeing a lot of comments about people buying this for their kids.Is this the appropriate size for an adult?
Does it make a good sound? Is it in good shape when you bought it?
how long the 61% discount will be available for the cecilio cvn 300 black color?
Are the dimensions correct? 47x5.2x19.8...seems large for a 3/4 size guitar.
Are all 6 strings nylon?
Did this come with the gig bag?
what is the width across at the first fret is it 2"
please fix info. no way a hollow stick weighs 27lbs. 52"x18.9"x15" LOG???
how loud is it? can close neighbors hear it if your windows are closed?
Does this come with instructions/CD and a carrying bag?
What key is this tuned to?? Seams like basic info that is left out of discriptions
What does ground lift do?And when to use it? And what is coaxial in/out for? What can I plug into them? I searched through internet and did find it.
Does this support a CAD condenser mic? It says it has phantom power but will it work with a condenser mic? It would be nice to get an answer asap
Will it work with Pro Tools as good as with Sonar? Is it good enough to record metal?
Do the drivers set up easily? Is it a clear sound? And can a MXL microphone be used with it?
Can I insert a phantom power supply between my condenser mic and a TC Halicon voice box, then run from pedal to Roland AI?
i understand the unit has the sonar only compatible with windows..is the unit itself mac compatible? i use logic.
How can I connect it to PA system for rehearsal? Output L or R to mixer? If so how do i need set output level?
What powers the headphone and monitor output. How many watts does it push for monitoring Sonar Playback for instance?
does it accept line level input, e.g. from an amplifier aux out
Is the Sonar that it comes with full version? Beta version? Will have to pay for it later? Or it is completely free?
Does this produce a strong physical vibration? It seems everyone's talking about the sound only.
are there any books you would recommend to learn how to use this 528 hz fork?
Has anyone used this on pets?
Hello, In the photo the tuning fork i can read 512, the instrumen say that?
does it come with a base/
How many inches is this tuning fork?
Is this item the same as the A440 guitar tuning fork ?
whats the difference of 4 ohms and 8 ohms? Im getting a hartke ha2500 and am looking for a good 2x10 cabinet that has a good low end sound and punch
can i use this for a passive dj speaker at home ?
Is there any 4 ohm dj pre-amp/reciever with about 500rms i can use to dj with at home ?
I have a bass guitar amp head for this already, but whats a good little pre-amp/reciever to push this little guy with good sound/bass for DJing??
is this really 4 ohms? I did some research on another site and it said it was 8 ohms...i am confused i dont want to buy the wrong thing
The specs say it has audio in....but does it have audio out so that you can hook it up to an external amp (for performance)?
Can you record vocals using the microphone in jack?
The keyboard is MIDI compatible, does that mean it is a MIDI controller? meaning I can controll MIDI sounds coming out from my computer?
Why does it not allow me to ship to an APO address? The details says that I can.
is an ipod needed
Does it have weighted keys
Does it come with that screen that shows in the picture? Or is that one's own computer screen, depicted to show th instructional software that comes w
When used with headphones........is this really silent ?(nobody but you can hear it)
is the instructional eMedia software CD based, or is there a digital download?
Does the AC to DC adapter supports 110V to 240V?
Best way to clean the white keys without damaging them ?
Does it have a transpose button?
Does it have a transpose button?
can you give me the dementions
Does this unit have a headphone output?
Do all the new G3s being sold on here come with the version 2.0 firmware, or just the units from Japan?
What changes come in v2 firmware, and can G3x get it too?
Can you set the g3 so that each of the 3 footswitches triggers a different patch?
I need to ask again. Is it made of plastic or metal? One person answered that it's made of ''Heavy metal''. An other said of ''hard plastic''. Help pl
Can you play along with it? I noticed it doesn't have an audion in. I live in an apartment and having an amp is not an option.
I want an effects unit with good drum patterns that is easy to use. Any suggestions?
Is the power adapter included or sold separately?
Do the modulation effects sound better compared to the G1N, or it&acute;s about the same, but only with more resources?
where do you go to upgrade the 2.0 firmware version ?
is there a dimmer on the remote
how many lights are on this strip
These lights will roll up with your awning ? And are they bright enough to ight up under the awning?
Can you dim the LED lights IP66 ?
Can you connect two strips end to end? I have about 30 continuous feet I need to light
Can anyone give me instructions for the remote! HELP!
camper?
I would like to put these on our RV. will these lights work on straight 12 volt DC running off our battery?
If I buy two kits for my kitchen will 1 remote control both lite strips or will I have to us both remotes
Can you put thes lights on a timer for a garden feature?
Can I Connect 4 lavalier Wireless Mics on this item and I can connect a couple of Speakers to this mixer?
do i need a flash drive to download the software for my mixing board?
Can I use with 240 v power input?
how many mics can i run on the phantom power i need to be able to four at the same time is this possible
does this have 1/4 outputs for the speakers?
I received this purchased from you as a gift. It does not work and does not light up.
have the option of pre cueing?
can you use headphones with this product?
Does this come with the software as well as the mixing board as advertized on Gemini's site says?
Can it work with Virtual DJ? Is it new?
is it usb power
what program software does this work with?
I'm not familiar with GFI. Are you a new company?
Can I hook this unit up to my stereo receiver?
can this product in australia direct when switch to 230v at the back?
Hi everybody.This guitar comes with string? and is guitar in the box or another package?
Does this guitar use Nylon or steel strings?
Question: where is the input for the amp chord?
Hello everybody. I have some questions about this item : do it have nice voice for playing ?? I' playing guitar 4 years.
what's the name of the application in the video?
What is the connector pin size of DigiTech IPB-10?
Is this DigiTech IPB10 Guitar Floor Multi-Effects Pedal able to use for Bass and Keyboards? Does it properly work in low frequency instruments(Bass)?
do the digitech comes with ipod included or i have to buy it after separate?
can i use a 4th generation iPad ?
which I-Pad works best with the Digitech IPB10?
ipad air works?
How can I get a download link for my stuff? And also information about activation of this products. Thanks
is it a standalone product? If NO, what programs should I get so I can use these plugins in those programs?
will this purchase include the most recent versions of the products? Ozone 5, Alloy 2, and Nectar 2?
wanted to know if the saxophone is Japanese
wanted to know if the saxophone is Japanese
It comes with the case?
How long is the guitar in inches?
does it come with an instruction manual?
Where is the output jack?
is there an actual model name for the guitar?
The Amp I received has horrible feedback; even with the volume low. Any ideas on how to fix this?
is the guitar more like the first pic with black vol,nobs or like the second one ,,,
How high are the strings off the fret board? Strings on my acoustic "Adam Levine" by First Act are a bit too high up for my taste.
Is the neck lighter or darker? The first image shows it as very light colored and the second as a much darker color.
what songs are there on the cd
does this work on a tv/dvd combo?
Can it work with a Playstation 3, Playstation 4 or X-Box 360? Also, can you purchase cd's that work from the same company?
Where can I buy more songs DVDS for this system
will all karaoke Cds play on this system?
why they don't work
will this work with a laptop?
Does the Mic work with all CD+g discs??
Any reason that this wouldn't work with an Android device?
does it work as a microphone on an ion speaker??
Would this work well with a Mac Book Pro on Bluetooth Connection? Does it have a backup USB (Mini) connection for the computer?
Will this bluetooth mic work with a Kindle Fire?
Can this pair with a PC that has bluetooth? I would like to use to to record my lectures.
Does this mike work with iPad 4th Gen?
Can you have a multiple of these mics recording at the same time?
Does it work well with Mac OS X? Planning to do video recording in an interview session using PhotoBooth as video recording and this mic for voice rec
Would this work with an iPad mini?
Will the cable perform the same way if I am using it with Virtual DJ on my laptop?
Do you lose any quality to the sound going out to the speakers?
Will this cable work with Ableton Live on a MacBook?
Can I use this with the speakers that are connected to my iMac?
How does this work with Numark Pro for Ipad,do I need to have it to cue in songs, Ipad slides into the mixer ,so how will this work for me
how do u set this up with traktor pro 2. what are your audi setups?
how do u set this up with traktor pro 2. what are your audi setups?
Does this just split the stereo output into two mono outputs (one mono of left and one mono or right)?
does it work fro tracktor pro 2
can it be connected to the labtop and used for virtual dj?
Adjustable truss rod in this guitar?
Is this full sized guitar? Also, I am just learning to play. Would this be a good instrument for a beginner?
Does this come with a pre-attached pickguard?
Can nylon string be put on this guitar?
Is this steel strong or nylon? I need a parlor classical. Any have info? Thanks!
Does this come with a case?
Is this a nylon or steel string guitar?
I have never played a cello before, but want to learn. I do not have $2k for a good one. Is this adequate for a beginner?
does it weight 15O pounds??
Where was it made?
Cello: I would like some feedback from people who have bought this item: Merano 4/4 Full Size Black Cello with Hard Case, Bag and Bow+2 Sets of String+Pitch Pipe+Cello Stand+Music Stand Is it good quality?
Which is the weight of the cello with the hard case?
What is the weight of this cello Complete with its hard case and all accessories? I would also like to know the total volume, Tall, long, wide.
Is it made of real wood, or polywood?
Does this cello come with a soft case as well as a hard, rolling case? Also, how does it arrive? (How many packages, etc.)
Everyone talks about what this cello looks like, but I'm wondering what it sounds like. Is the sound quality worth having? Is it easy to play?
Where is this cello made?
Does it really have wheels?
are the fingerboard and tuning pegs ebony?
Does this come in a pack of 16, 18 in. Crashes, 20 in. Ride, 14 in. hi-hat
Why did you pick Zildjian A's over K's? I play mostly rock (bands like Chevelle, Tool, Breaking Benjamin)
Am I missing something or is a complete listing of what cymbals are included I see a ride, 2 crashed and Hi Hats???
How much would it cost to ship those to UK please?
The free shipping is also available for Italy? I wanted to know if there are any duties and taxes for Italy? How much will my total price?
Are the crashes cymbals rock / medium / thin? Thank you
Why does your add read "11 cymbal set"? Where are the other 6?
what is the voltge in 220 or 110 v ?
what is the output voltage in this unit , is it 110 or 240 volts ?
How long is the unit without the mounting brackets?
Does it also protect against surge
What rack will it fit? I read that some people said it did not fit a 19" rack and some said it did, can someone clarify this for me? Thanks!
Does this mount rack have a built-in fuse? Thanks!
How long is the cable that comes with this unit?
How long is the unit without the mounting brackets?"
are the rackmount brackets removable with screws for this unit? so it can be set on top of a shelf? what is the difference between PS92U model?
Does anyone know the amperage of the USB port? 1.0 or 2.0?
Will this arm need any sort of adapter to work with the Blue YETI?
How long are the arms on this boom, in inches?
Can I remove the XLR cable to use my own?
Will the shockmount fit a Samson Meteor mic?
will the shock mount fit a Samson Meteor mic?
Is this boom compatible with the Audio Technica Condenser Microphones?
I am beginning to learn the violin and just bought this one. I was wondering how to properly attach the shoulder rest that came with it.
I just bought this violin and was wondering how to attach the type of shoulder rest that came with it.
Does this violin come with a blanket to separate it from the bow or is that bought separately?
What age would you say this violin is appropriate for?
how do you know what size violin to get?
Is the case a hard case?
Is this one of the types of violins that is just sprayed over the top, or is it actually finished?
My sons' music teacher asked me to please get a violin that came with the bridge attached. my question is, does the bridge come attached?
are these violins good for high school student
What is the difference between this foot pedal and the Infinity IN-USB-2 foot pedal?
Does this work with Mac?
Does this also work with the Express Scribe Pro? I had to buy it --was using the free program but needed DSS capability--my current foot pedal is not working right. So, is this one okay for the Pro program?
Is there an automatic backspace when you take your foot off the play
Is there a manufacturer's warranty with this product? I've now owned two Infinity foot pedals and an having issues with both.
is this 19" rack mountable? AA batteries ? Average battery life? and Range distance from base?
Can I add a third mic to this? even if it does piggy back from one of volume channel(basically one valume channel controls 2 mics) ?
What kind Batt are using in Mic
Is there an adjustable truss rod &amp; tool?
what kind of strings does it come with?
Is this a thin line Guitar?
this item come with something?
How well does this Guitar hold a tune?
What is the color of this guitar. Is it orange or is it more of a natural brown?
Does this guitar come packaged in unmarked brown carton box with strings not wrapped and already tuned? I'm trying to determine if I got used guitar
how's the amplification. Does it sound good when played extremely loud
Does it have built in tuner?
I have a steel streel Washburn its 4 1/2's thick. This one is 3 1/2's can anyone confirm that. Thanks.
does this have an audio port?
Are the output ports for the LED strips bridged, or does it allow for independent control of each strip?
Does this unit have a port for an iPod or mp3 player?
What is the other end of the mic, usb or a line-in?
How long is the microphone's cord?
Has anyone modified their mic to make it a little easier to hide?
Will this work with a wireless mic set up? Like this one? Pyle-Pro PDWM96 Lavalier Wireless Microphone Syste
Can a simple PC record from this mic?
does this work with a sony handycam? (if it helps, I have the dcr-sr68)
Will this work on a Olympus WS-821 Voice Recorder?
Does this microphone require its own power supply? Or does it use 'phantom' power from whatever its plugged into...
Does this mic work with the dreaded WHITE - GO PRO 3 camera?
i got this mic today and plugged it in my iphone. nothing is being picked up! does anyone know how to fix this?
Which is the freq of this System??? I just want to know to buy more receivers that works in the same freq that this transmitter!!! thanks!
I'm looking at this for our chI need one for hearing impaired and another for translation. Are the transmitter frequencies changeable, or factory set?
Do the four receivers have the same mix? If each band member needs a personalized mix, do we need to buy 4 different transmitters?
Will this allow each band member using one of the four in-ear monitors to receive a separate/individual mix?
Well the unit come with input wires so you can hook up to an amplifier and are they RCA ends for left and right
how many total individual monitors can i have with this system?
can u add one to make it 5 person
What frequency does this use? I'm wondering because I am interested in purchasing this system for my church and am curious about interference...
Is there any "lag time" with the bluetooth and the house PA?
this transmitter or receiver will work with my Sennheiser EW300 IEM Channel B ?? frequency range is 626-688 MHz
which country is made? and is active or pasive
made in USA,Mexico or Asia?
Does it come with a case?
Does this include an AC Adaptor? The product description says it does, but the 'Frequently Bought Together' section recomends a separate purchase
Does a microphone come with the keyboard?
Are the keys semi-weighted or non-weighted?
Can you connect it to an ipad
Can you turn off the lights on the keyboard?
Does it come with a keyboard stand?
How visible is the screen for finger position, easy to see? size of screen?
Does this have MP3 plug in?
Can this CTK-4200 keyboard be used with a power adapter instead of batteries?
Don't play myself. This is for a grandchild. What is MIDI, how does it work? One reviewer said "no MIDI I/O", another said it has a "MIDI keyboard"
What kind of cord do you need to connect midi?
casio website says keys are "piano-style".. what does it mean? i didn't like the feel of plastic keys on yamaha psr-e343.. are these same?
can this keyboard record user
Are the keys full-sized?
does it come with the ac charger ?
can you turn off and on the touch sensitivity?
Does this have an arabic scale?
compatible with i phone
Where can I find a list of sounds in the tone bank that I can print out? I am stunned that it is not in the manual or easily findable on the web.
Did the keyboard come with the X stand and headphones? The description is unclear. It says it comes with those items in the blue description box but t
can you get organ sounds from these keyboards
Are the keys weighted?
Could someone please measure the length of the white &amp; black keys? (Down to the nearest mm.) From pictures, it appears the keys are short.
does it feel like a piano
Does it come with ac power adapter, music rest for the book? Thanks
is this keyboard out dated?
Can this support any type of headphone?
What input size does it have? Would a 1/4 inch input for the sustain pedal work?
Can it be played without the keys lighting up?
does this come with the usb cord?
What are its dimensions?
Is there a warranty?
Do the keys light up to guide you on what to play?
Does this keyboard come with a headphone jack so I can connect my headphones?
How many songs are on the keyboard to learn?
Is this a touch sensitive keyboard? Some pianos have descriptions that say "touch sensitive" but sometimes reviewers say they actually don't.
is a power supply included when I order only the keyboard
Does it come with an AC Adapter?
does this come with a gig bag?
how many frets?
does it come with case?
Is this single coil?
why are you selling a jazz bass under the description of a p bass
Where was it made?
Where is made?
The description says maple neck, but the picture shows rosewood. Does this guitar have a rosewood neck or maple neck?
Hey guys can any of you tell me if the neck is thin medium or thick. I prefer very thin necks and would appreciate any feedback thanks
would this guitar work well with rocksmith for the ps3?
im looking for a great guitar under 200 dollars and i don`t know what the 4 turning things and the switch are because im a beginner could you tell me?
Do i have to put it together?
is it a bolt on neck?
what size case should I get?
Hi there, I noticed your product is shipped and sold by Amazon.com. However, when I go to purchase, It won't let me ship it to my preferred locations (Vancouver, CANADA OR THE London, UNITED KINGDOM). I don't understand why I am having this issue...
Does it come with a amp cord?
Why will the tuner not power up? The battery is good. When I press power, nothing happens. Why are there no instructions??
This will be a Christmas gift. Does the box it is delivered in have a picture of the guitar on it or say what it is on the outside.?
Is the top solid wood or pieced?
why does it say 17 pounds, and what else does this guitar come with, is is worth buying this item thanks.
Does it come with enclosed tuning heads (like Schaller etc...)
does it come with a gig bag?
where is the OD312CE manufactured?
What is included with this item?
How do you open the battery compartment?
Steel or nylon strings ?
Is this a left handed guitar?
THIS IS NYLON, RIGHT?
Does this have a hole for an amplifier---if not can the guitar be heard in a med. living room with about 15 people gathered around?
Does it comes with gigbag?
is it full size ?
How is this different from the C40 ?
Does this one come with the amp?
Some of the reviews said the guitar was basically black and they could barely see purple. Does the purple guitar actually look like the one pictured?
The purple one looks like it's got a hardtail bridge. Does it?
Do I need to buy an amp?
Hi, the picture shows 8 lavaliers and 8 headsets for a total of 16, however the description talks about 4 lavaliers and 4 headsets only. Clarify
Can this be plugged into a video camera to record internet program interviewing guest
Can we use two sets (totaling 16 mics) together without channel interference?
We need this system for translate, I have one person that will talk and 8 people that will hear, Can this system help us?
What is the maximum distance for the transmitters and receiving to connect. I setup about 50 to 60 feet from the stage. Any distance problems?
i need a wireless setup which will work for videography. i need it to record audio at weddings etc. i do not do plays, concerts.please suggest best.
Can someone tell me what type of Batteries do the belt pack uses. The picture shows 9volt. thanks
What type of Batteries do the belt pack use
Are the 1/8" jacks on the belt packs a special plug or are they a normal mono 1/8" plug?
Can this system be used to record audio through a program like Adobe Audition?
Is a mic stand clip included?
Do you need phantom power for it to work? It very much resembles a condenser mic.
Is this a balanced or unbalanced mic?
Is it true that it's wired inside for unbalanced hi-z? How exactly to you rewire it for low-z balanced XLR? And also how do you disassemble it?
Is this microphone good for instruments?
can this be used with a Casio keyboard?
My mic came in today and the cables inside were not soldered, is that how it should be?
good for snare drum?
Do you need phantom power for it to work? It very much resembles a condenser mic.
Do you need phantom power for it to work? It very much resembles a condenser mic.
Receiver - Control Center WORK WITH BATTERY OR ELECTRICAL? IF ITS WORK IN ELECTRICAL WHAT IS THE VOLTAGE 110 OR 240 ?
Can you plug this into a computer microphone jack?
I have a peavy 6 audio mixer for my sony camcorder, I can connect the pyle-pro rack mount 8 channel wireless microphone system to it?
Is this VHF conpatable with other UHF equepment working
Looking for a system for our small church - for the pastor and the praise team. Would this be a good system for this type of setting?
can i use rechargable batteries with this system?
I see the holes for the antennas, are they supplied? For those with 4+ did you use special antennas?
Does the rack mounted wireless microphone system just plug into a speaker or amp?
Are the hand held mics wireless to the belt pack or is there a cable from the mic to the belt pack?
Can microphones be added to this system? If so, how many and which microphones would you recommend?
what about window 8 is it ok
do you have to have a laptop, or is a plain desktop accpetable?
Can I use GarageBand instead of the software it comes with?
How can I plug in a guitar to this?
Do you have to have Windows 7 to run it?
does it work on mac
I would like to know the size, the mesure of the box, height, width, deep or length and weight, I will buy it but I need these details
Where was it made from?
Does this guitar have any Fret markers? such as on the side of the neck?
What Schecter case fits this guitar?
Can the pattern on the Fret Board be replaced/removed?
Does guitar come with said pickups in description or active EMG pickups? Says it comes with Schecter pickups. The neck inlay looks sick
What kind of bridge does this guitar have? The product descriptions says Tune-O-Matic but the "Compare To Similar Items" section says Floyd Rose
Does it comes with strings and battery?, if ot does, what strings does it brings?
I just received the Schecter Damien Special Electric Guitar today. I noticed that there is a space or gap between the neck joint (23rd fret) and the body of the guitar. They are not perfectly tight fitted to the body of the guitar. Is that how is...
you have hard case for this guitar ? i want buy all in one...
does it djent
Does it print out words to songs?
Can this play songs from iPhone?
Can i purchase another mic
What is the app that goes with the machine?
Does it come with the cable to hook to a tv or some other monitor?
Does this machine record?
Does this have a record feature?
Is this product ok for a teenager
Can you hook up a second microphone?
Is this battery operated?
where is this made?
are these pick-ups active? I have a c-1 platinum with active emg's and was thinking of trying passive
Is this a neck-thru guitar like the C-1 Classic?
Is the neck satin or lacquered?
Come with a case or gig bag?
I thought this had an AC power adapter so you didn't have to run on batteries. Is that true, or just batteries?
u mentioned coming with all accessories. do you mean the zoom aph2n accssory pack? thx.
Can you get sound quality that's good enough for podcasts or radio?
Can the record button on this unit be toggled on and off easily? I want to use this unit to record spoken notes, like a journalist...
I understand there is a single input 3.5mm jack. If I wanted to run more than one LAV mic into it, can it be done with a simple adapter or some such thing?
This may seem like a silly question but i will be video taping using a camera while using this Zoom H2n to record. So how do I sync the 2 together and will it be a perfectly synced piece of video?
Can I record a classical music concert from many rows away, approx 100 ft, using the ZOOM H2n or H4n? I'll sync it with Canon camcorder and select better recording.
Cannot reset pitch back to original with H2n
I own the H4n, &amp; soon the H6. Im thinking about selling H4n for the H2n since the mic recording is supposedly the same. Thoughts?
Is there any recording part name on the screen?
does this work with a computer?
Will this work with an mp3 player?
can you add songs?
How long is the microphone chord?
We have a TV with the DVD player built in. Will this work with that?
does it work on 2013 flat screen tvs
Does this system score you after you are done performing?
does it have an output usb for connection to tv?
Does this item include a microphone?
does it come with speakers?
Does this machine have a record feature to allow kids to play back and hear how they sound?
Because it's portable what batteries does it require?
Is this for kids only? I hear a lot about it being for kids? Is it easy to use and do I need an ipod to use it?
Is this pre-loaded with songs?
I am a memeber of an online karaoke website. Can I plug in my I - phone and sing along with this system while logging on to the website on my phone? Thanks a lot.
Can this be used with a 220V outlet?
Microphones: How many microphones come with this product?
What is the warranty on this item
does it have a Key changer?
will this amplfy your voice without a cd
want do you need to buy extra
Can you use an iPad as the TV screen for viewing lyrics? What about using YouTube on an iPad as music input, rather than CDs?
will the words show?
I don't have a double 3.5mm jack cord (3.5.mm male jack on both ends). I only have a 1/4 inch TRs to 3.5mm jack cord. Will this work for my ipod?
is this compatible with an ipod or any mp3 player?
Can I connect this to a sound bar so that the music plays through the sound bar through the auxiliary cable?
will these work for a ukulele?
What is the width of the bracket part that attaches to the wall? We have a narrow strip we want to attach it to.
what size drill bit should I use for the anchors that were sent?
would it work with this guitar ( Squier by Fender Vintage Modified 70's Stratocaster Electric Guitar, Rosewood fingerboard, Black ) ?
Can this adjust wide enough to fit the neck of a classical guitar, about 2.5"?
Anyone tried hanging a 12-string with one of these?
How wide will the hole have to be for the screws? I am renting the place I live in and can't make any holes bigger than quarter size... THANK YOU!!!
Will these hangers work with an ESP XJ-6 guitar? I ask because the cutouts on the headstock above the nut are not even.
Hello. When I put these hooks in my cart to check out, there is a shipping charge despite the description saying it is free shipping. Please advise.
what country manufactured in?
Is this a good buy for a 5th grader (beginner) ?????
is it good for a good player/not a beginner
I purchased this for my daughter in August this year. One of the keys are broken. how do I get it replaced?
is it made in china?
How do you get warranty service on this item? After 6 months it doesn't play anymore.
Is this a good buy for a 5th grader (beginner)
is this a good item because i recently purchased it and i havent got it yet
I bought a flute in Sep and now two keys can not return to the position. How can I use the 1 year warranty to fix it?
those this come with everithing seen ?
those this come with everithing seen ?
those this come with everithing seen ?
Would this work for a large second grader to learn on?
Is this clarinet good for a 8 year old?
Whould this work for 6th grade band?
So is it Ebonite or is it ABS? -- Ebonite is vulcanized rubber; ABS (a.k.a.resonite) is a plastic resin/polymer.
Does the clarinet come with a hard case? I know it is made of canvas but is it hard?
Is it wood
Is it school approved ?
what if it's broken when I get it
how many pieces includes this pack
My daughter just realized that we didn't get the stand for her clarinet we bought in August. Was it suppose to come seperately in a different box?
How deep is the storage area? I would like to store a hymnal in the bench (a little over 1.5 inches thick) and wondering if it will fit. Thank you!
Is the gap covered with a skirt like the $229 model?
max seating weight?
Does it lower by itself when sitting too long (and we need to adjust it back up to our desirable height)? Thank you.
Sorry Amazon, I could not see any detail about carton size and gross weight on Product info and description.
How dimension of packaging? I want to know before purchase, right for bagage rules on Flight?
Would a 22x20 bass drum fit (size not including rims)?
Would a 12x10 tom fit in the 12x9 bag by chance?
how THICk are they???
hate to keep being a pain on this one...would a 6.5" deep snare fit in the snare bag?
I have a 22 7/8 bass and its all the length of the drum from rim to rim 10 1/2 rack tom 12 1/2 rack tom 16 1/2 floor tom 14 1/2 snare Would this fit? I have an Pearl Export drum set And i'm new to buying drum bags Remember this is measurements from rim...
would a 22 x 18 bass drum fit in the bass drum bag? (how loose is the fit on a 22 x 18)?
How do you measure the length of the drums ? I know you go by the head on the diameter.
Do we get a bottle of the odor spray with this item
hi i want to buy a shofar of 40-42 'on how many days would be in miami, few days to ensure that is there , because there must come to Venezuela , I ha
hi i want to buy a shofar of 40-42 'on how many days would be in miami, few days to ensure that is there , because there must come to Venezuela , I ha
how long for delivery to west coast?
How is the shofar measured? Is it from the mouthpiece to the bell part without the curves or is it measured with the curves
If I order on April 1, will it make ship to my Arkansas address in time for passover?
Does it come with the anti odor spray?
Is display window glass or plex?
What are the interior dimensions of the case?
Where is product made? USA?
dimentions
I would like to buy this item, where could I purchase the wall mounting hardware? Thanks.
How many inches of storage space is available?
How well constructed is this bench? Does it hold up well over time (years) with moderate (4-8 hours of usage a week) public usage?
is this a "fine tune" lift mechanism, or are there set "levels" that you choose from?
With no "skirt" to hide the lift mechanism, how is it possible NOT to see a gap between the lower part of the seat frame and the upper section where the legs end?
The metal lever mechanism in some benches shows when the seat is raised. Others have a skirt that hides it. Does this hide it?
Is there a visible gap between the cushion and base when the seat is raised?
Is this for advanced pianists who spend hours practicing?
Does it have storage under the seat?
does it have storage under the seat
Is it quick adjust click or fine adjust the height
Is it polished ebony?
What is the maximum seating weight?
what is the weight of this bench?
is it lether or vinal?
is it leather or vinyl?
lowest height?
Has anyone noticed an unpleasant odor from this bench? Some other benches have been described as having an off-putting odor, at least initially.
What is the weight restriction for this seat?
Does it have any storage for sheet music?
Is there a visual gap when the bench is raised?
Does this bench have storage? Is this seat real leather?
How long does it take to deliver?
could you please let me know the size of the package
Are all three of these horns made of synthetic material or are they true animal horn?
Does it work with Windows 8 (64 bit)? Thx.
does this work with smart music software
What does it mean 3X, 500x, 50x etc. Does this mean it literally comes with 3, 500, or 50 microphones?
Does this fit in a Nikon D3300 DSLR or does it require an adapter?
My macbook's microphone jack has come off the logic board. now i am looking to use an external microphone to chat over facetime. do i need a splitter
I jus need it to record a narration on a power-point presentation. Yes, my PC has a mic port. Is it plug'n'play or will I need to install software?
Does this work with smartphones, if not can you suggest one?
What is the impedance? Gopro that says it should be 2.2 ohms.
does it work with mac?
Hi how well does this work with zoom h1 and zoom h4? I have had bad experiences with lapels and these recorders. Tks
Can an External Mixer be used with these units? Such as a Behringer Xenyx 802 mixer? Or any mixer?
Is the 1/8" 'music' input stereo?
does it have phantom power
Once and for All! Can one integrate an external mixer, say a small "Mackie" portable mixer for more EQ and effects etc.??
how loud will two of these be? loud enough for a block party?
I want to use two of these speaker for playing music from my i-phone. Is there volume control on each speaker? I need one to be louder than the other
is this made in china
Is this price for ONE speaker or the pair? the picture seems to suggest it's a pair??
Is it allow for 240 volt power input?
I have an acoustic guitar (w/ pickup) and an SM58 (for vocals). I'm a noob when it comes to live equipment. Buying this, is this all I need for live?
hi how bring out my bass behringer mixer 2442fx connect to behringer nu3000 and speakers i get no bass from speakers at all so please help me thank
this amp being a class D, Is the sound quality good enough to run my set of pv 215 tops
What are the cable inputs and outputs for this amplifier?
How many of these amps can you plug into one outlet (with a power strip)? Any special extension cord you should use to power these up?
How many of these amps can you plug into one outlet (with a power strip)?
hi how can i connect 360 and connect mixer 2442fx what cable i need
it being a class d amp, is it suitable to run my tops
hooked to 2 15 inch baby tremors @8 ohms what rms wattage can i really get ??
I have two speakers (500-watts/8 ohms-impedance each). Is it OK to connect both in Bridge Mode to the amp or should I better have one for each channel
Does this unit support 220v built in or it depends on the adaptor power cable? I am planing to buy in US and carry it to India. Thanks in advance.
Does this work with the Blue Yeti Pro?
What size thread is the screw or where would I buy a better replacement screw since the Custom Blue Screw broke off in less than a week?
can this be mounted on a standard mic stand with out a boom?
whats the difference between this on and the 1st one?
Will it attach to "NEEWER Microphone Suspension Boom Scissor Arm Stand"???
His this been redesigned yet, if not, whats another shockmount for the Yeti?
Do you ship to Norway? I cant buy it, it tells me that it might not ship to me?
what size is the thread where it attaches to a boom?
I want to connect this to an audio mixer, would I connect it by using the link output or mic input?
I am running a powered mixer will this work with it?
Is it wooden or plastic?
what size speaker is in this monitor, I can't find that information listed anywhere?
Does this monitor have reverb? I'd need reverb to "color" the sound if used alone.
How hot should the amp portion of this monitor get? I used it for a 2-hour band rehearsal for vocals, and it felt quite warm to the touch...
I hook this up to my Yamaha amp, with two speakers. Karaoke gig. It wants to hum, squeal, whine, become overpowering. How can I fix/control this?
Can I chain these together?
can you use two karaoke microphones at the same time?
I'm getting an AT2035, I need a way to get the XLR to USB will this mixer work?
Is this compatible with Windows 8.1? I see that it is with Windows 8, but the last interface I got worked w/ 8 and doesn't work on my 8.1...
Can the phantom-power in xlr mic-in connection be turned off for microphones that don't require it?
Is this a "power mixer"?? I can't find any information about the maximum wattage of the output.
How long is the UBS cable that comes with the mixer?
Can this handle 88-key keyboard or e-drums? I want to make sure the sound will be fine. Thank you!
Can I use this as an external sound card for DJing? I use a Vestax VCI-100 as a controller. (no sound card)
Does this come with a USB cable?
can I use this with my laptop to record a speech?
Have anyone used this amp in a home/house theater set-up environmnet, and is its' fan too loud when it's on? I have an open book shelf type furniture.
What do you plug this in to? 6000 watts would require a 50 amp circuit if plugged into a 120v wired home.
This Amp specs says it delivers 2 x 3000 Watts into 4 Ohms. What would happen if the amp was lowered down to 2 ohms? Would the Amp respond?
is this a 240 volt
good Morning Can I get a 220v with this equipment here on amazon?
What do I need to connect regular home theatre speakers with Banana jacks to the output of this amplifier. ? Is speakon the same as XLR male 3-pin?
If my mixer is sending a balanced signal to my power amp, should I also buy balanced 1/4 TRS cables to go from the amp to the speakers?
I want to use this amp to run my mains and use my PMP6000 mixer to run my monitors. Can this be done? How would I hook it up to the mixer and can I still use the mixer's 20 channels? Thanks!
Hi what is the voltage and can you use in in malta we have 240/ 50Hz power outlets
does this amp run at 2ohms ? how do u transfer signal to another amp?
I'm considering this amp to power 4 floor monitors but I'm wondering if it will push them adequately? The speakers are rated 200W, 8 Ohm load each.
Maybe I missed it in the description here and at Behringer but how many rack u's does it require?
Is it 220V or 110V?
I am running two peavey Black widow 15's with horns is this amp powerful enough to reach loud. and does it help the bass
i have the 1000 connected to a dual 4 0hm 500wats rms so im getting 300 per coil [channel] but only one coil is playing how do i fix this what setting do i use
I have 1 4 ohm DVC 15 parallel to 2 ohms will this damage or overheat this amp by using only 1 channel
willl this amp power two behringer vp2520s?
this amp will cover a hall with about 300 people or i need to get the nu6000
will this amp be enough for 2 Peavey PV 215 dual 15 inch speakers 700 watts program at 4 Ohms in stereo?
880w 4oms what would it be for 8oms?
I need to know the same, if is 110 or 220v? Thanks
any kind soul can help? is this using 220v or 110v? am staying in 220v country...can their volt be changed?
With a Dayton 4ohm 18" sub, how would I connect the speakon terminal inside the box?
Hi I could use these amp week the 2 speakers of .mr. DJ Pro-sup 18" 3500 w subwoofer ..if yes what kind the crossover you recommend
Hello, I wonder what is the voltage of this amp, 120V or 220V? Thank you.
I own a marantz av-7701. will my sub out need a booster for this amp?
i would like to use it in Philippines but voltage there is 220v, would it still work without a transfomer?
dose the nu6000 power rate with the itech 6000 and can it handle 2ohm
dose the nu6000 power rate with the itech 6000
does it bridge?
This amp will be better than the Behringer NU4-6000 iNuke 1400-Watt Power Amplifier to run my 2 speakers vp2520s and 2 vp1800s ?
What level are the inputs? Do they run hot/loud or low/quiet? Can I run my ipod straight in or will I need a mixer/pre amp?
Hi, I have 2 JBL JRX225 loudspeakers and 2 JBL 218s subwoofers. Can i use this INUKE 6000 to run this whole setup? Or would you suggest a better way?
Where can I get a manual for this?
Are they full size keys and how many notes can be played at once?
Is it polyphonic. can I play more than 3 notes to harmonize
Does this product have a headphone jack where you can use it in private
Does this need to be connected to a computer or an ipad
Do you need a computer or ipad to plat this?
does it work as a midi controller?
Does it have multi-key polyphony? How many keys can be sounded at once?
Can these produce a reasonably good white light?
Would this product work in Australia with the Australian voltage of 240 volts? Thanks
I have 2 of theses pars and having issues getting them to talk to my DMX controller does not want to be setup. I can run them master slave no problem?
How do these compare to Venue's Thinpar 64 in terms of size and brightness? Would they jive together?
how many watts per led are these? would it be brighter than a 100 watt Incandescent floodlight?
Will 4 of these lights provide enough lighting for a band on a small stage, maybe 16x8 ft?
Is the light of this unit bright enough where other lighting in the room will not wash out the colors it throws?
So if you want just a static color the light itself has a control on it to adjust the color and the brightness? No DMX controller needed?
Hi everyone. Does anyone know if you can use a Gobo with this? I am looking for a portable, small, projector and am hoping this is it?
are these lights also battery operated ?
Where is this uke made?
Is this a tenor or a soprano uke?
Does the tuner works for acoustic guitars?
How are the strings? Should I replace them with betters?
Can it get wet?
Does it have Aquila strings?
Could can 8 year old play this for fun? My son wants a guitar...but thought a smaller size and this sound may be better
Where is it made?
What kind of strings are on it? Are they Aquila?
Do you think it is easy to teach yourself with this uke or would you suggest lessons?
how is the case?
is this suitable for a left handed player .
Title says there is a instructional dvd but description and pictures do not show or mention it. Is it included?
What's the product dimensions?
does the case have shoulder straps?
The title also mentions a tuner; is that included? It's not in the photograph...
What type of strings?
The tuner thinks the G and C strings are the G string, the A and C strings both as the C string. Is there something I can do to fix this?
Is it really made in China?
How is the gig bag? Is it well padded?
What kind of strings does it have? Is it like fishing line like you find on toy ukuleles or nylon string? I want something that sounds like Hawaii
Is this worth the money?
does it come stringed
Is the instructional DVD any good?
Where do you clip on the tuner on the ukulele? Also, can't really understand how to tune it. Would love some help.
Is this a solid wood duke or laminated?
What kind of strings are on this ukulele?
How many people didnt get their gig bag, tuner, and polishing cloth?
hi, i like ur stuff very much, but i just want to know what's the material of the strings?
Are those Nylon strings?
Does the gig bag come with an over the shoulder strap?
Are the strings Aquila Nylgut? And is this the same model as the one for sale here? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001...
Does this uke come with nylon strings or a pickup?
does it come with strings?
is this KA-CE Concert w/EQ or KA-C?
Does this come with a set-up?
Does this stay tuned?
Getting frustrated w/guitar, is this really that much easier? Can you find tabs easily online?
People are saying this is a laminate construction? is this accurate?
What's the difference between a concert Uke and a baritone one?
What strings come on this uke?
What instructional DVD Is provided
what is the overall lengh of this uke?
Does this come with an input jack?
Is there lifetime warranty on this? Austin Bazaar site indicates as such. Not sure of the implications of buying from Amazon.
Does ukulele have aquila strings?
Is the polyfoam case a hard case?
How is this product different from the bundle from your website?
Does it come strung with Aquila strings?
What brand of tuner is included? Does it clip to the headstock as in the picture? Is it ukulele-specific, or for other instruments as well?
Does this come with a full version of Serato DJ? Or do I have to pay to upgrade form Itch to Serato DJ
1) Are the effects on board DSP or do they rely on the software/cpu? 2) If on board, can the effects act on AUX input?
Does this product come the traktor overlay and also the novation bag as well?
Can you connect turntables to this if you wanted to?
Is there a way I can use the twitch as a mixer with two 1200s?
is this work with window 7 computers?
Is this keyboard compatible with FL Studio? I am currently using Version 10 and 11. If so, that will be great.
will it work without the sibelius software on windows 8?
Are there enough musical pieces that don't use more than two and a half octaves at a time, so that I can use it to learn to play, while traveling?
Will this work with a Dell Venue 8 android tablet?
Will this work with Garageband?
Is it compatible with Fruit Loops 10?
Is this compatible with windows 8?
Will this work with frooty loop studio 11 producers edition
Will Pro Tools 8 LE recognize this?
Are these suitable for karaoke setup?
Is this for one monitor or two?
I have a pretty new laptop, has hdmi and what not. Can i just plug the speakers in via an xlr-3.5mm jack into my laptop?
What speaker stand can you recommend for these speakers?
how can i connect a pair of bx8's,bx5's, and two powered subs all with 3.5 mm cables to my laptop?I wish to control all volumes seperatly in one spot
Can I connect this directly to my DVD player, or do i have to connect through an amplifier/receiver?
what kind of wires do I need to connect these to my home stereo
Why do these speakers fluctuate in price so much?
Can anyone recommend a subwoofer to use with these, preferably one that can be found here on Amazon?
Do you ship to Israel?
How close can these be placed next to a computer? I have small desk. One of them would have 2b right up against case. Would hard drive &amp;etc. be safe?
Worth the extra $$ compared to M Audio AV 40s ($119/pair)? I love my 40s but blew the bass in one after 2 years. Use: music from computer.
How do these compare to JBL's?
Is the price listed for one M-Audio BX5 D2 or a pair?
Do these monitors come with a TRS cable to a RCA output to connect to my interface?
The M-audio av40 has so many problem in losing sound after using for a while. Is M-audio BX5 5" met the same problem?
Are these speakers magnetically shielded? In other words, can I place them close to a screen/TV? If not, how far away do they need to be?
can this get hooked up to the pc without a receiver?
Can I connect these directly to a laptop?
Do I need these for recording voiceovers, or could I get something cheaper?
Does it have headphones
Does this include the hi hat stand?
Does this kit include the anti-spin devices and felt pads that mount to the (separately sold) cymbal arms?
Are the items pictured the items I will receive? Three cymbals and the hi ht stand? Thanks SJ
i like know if this electric drums is complete...with cymbals..toms...everything..thx
Does it come with materials to make the picks? Maybe one or two pieces of plastic?
What materials can this cut? Can you cut a thin metal with it?
Has anyone used this to make picks out of old CD's? If so, how did they come out?
are the dimensions 3 cm by 2.5 cm?
Can you press only halfway down so the pick stays on the card for later use. I want to make square business cards with a pop out pick already cut.
Can it cut through felt for say ukulele picks?
what is the country of origin
Does this come with advertised item on the box? I'm wanting to get one as a gift.. was hoping the box would show w/o them having to ask what it is
Is this the standard 351 model? Thank you.
is it capable to cut 2 mm picks?
Is the volume adjustable?
i,m the one who asked "steady constant beat without emphasis beat on measure".. OK, how do i set that? it has an emphasis beat i cant get rid of.
will this unit just give a steady constant beat without emphasis beat on measure.??
what is the beat range ?, i will use it for Shamanic drummiing 400-450 bpm
does it come with a manual
What is the accuracy of the unit? (+/- cents)
will this work comfortably on my reverse fender style headstock?
If I change the pitch to 432Hz, will it reset to 440Hz if I turn it off and back on?
Does the twin pack come individually packaged or are they packaged as one unit?
how is this tuner in direct sunlight for outdoor gigs
How well will it work with a ukulele or banjo ukulele?
is it for banjo
What kind/size battery does this use?
how do you remove and change the battery?
Does this item work on violins
I read in the reviews that someone had an issue with the sheet stand not doing a good job holding the sheet in place. Just wonderin, anyone else?
Does this have the keys that light up for beginners?
I want to buy this today, what does it come with?
What headphones would be compatible with this keyboard?
Is this piano touch sensitive?
Just bought the Casio 2080 for my son. He has had piano lessons for 2 years. Should I get him a foot pedal? and does one work with this piano?
What is a touch sensitive keyboard
Can you hook it up to a sound system?
Has anyone used this with an electronic drum set? If so, how well does it work with Garage band?
Has anyone tried this using a 30 pin to lightning converter for use on the new devices?
What's a good alternative MIDI/OS device interface besides IK Multimedia products??? Apparently, IK's stuff is too cheaply made.
will this product work on the imini pad
Is the connecting cable between I-MX1 and the iPad included ?
What are the ends on the two midi cables please? Has anyone used garageband with this?
Will this work with iPad 1st gen and Akai Pro MPK49 USB Midi Keyboard?
Has anyone tried this with a 30-pin to lighting adapter, and does it work?
What is in the box? Does it includes Midi cable too?
Anyone know how long the cables are?
What kind of MIDI connectors are used to connect to a midi keyboard? std 5 pin round or something else? Has anyone successfully used garageband with
Are the keys accurately in tune? Can this be played in an ensemble?
confused about the wood is it really rosewood or padouk?
Upon the first strikes, I found that the keys bounce around quite a bit. Am I missing something or this something we have to live with?
are the keys redwood or not. description says redwood,, answer number two says price point does not allow for redwood. I'm very interested in buying
Does the stand also fit inside the gig bag?
is the 41 inches its length or the height of the stand? how long are the shortest keys?
I'm having trouble getting the stand into the case and zipping it all the way. Is that so with everyone else, or should I blame my own ineptitude?
Dear Seller is it possible to remove stand from the set? and send us with out stand?
I need to know the weight and the size of this product. Thanks
Does this come with any type of warranty?
Can I use this stand as a sort of tripod to hold the iPad steady as well as allow me to pan the room while recording videos on the device?
Is the rubber corner issue now fixed out of the box? Does anyone know if PYLE-PRO has product now in the pipeline that doesn't require the replacement corners?
can this &iacute;tem hold a 7 inch Tablet?
Is it stable enough on carpeted floors? Must I add Velcro to it or weigh down the legs as some reviewers suggest?
Has anyone damaged iPad moving it around a lot? Use outside? winds blow over? I'm just worried about it because our house is very cluttered/remodeling mess... and the thing is probably top-heavy--easy to tip over? Guess using arm would be much less...
Can you look at the iPad while flat on your back? with the iPad horizontal, or nearly horizontal? can even push the power button without holding the iPad?
How long does it take for the weaker parts to wear out(Foam iPad holder, that crucial plastic part)?
No problem recharging iPad while on the stand? iPad holders trustworthy[Despite that reviewer's mishap]? Wouldn't it be good to have a little more space/ buffer around the iPad to protect against accidents?
How much floor space does it take up? How many feet across is the arm with iPad on it?
I have actual computing needs and therefore have a Surface Pro tablet. Will this work? If not, what product will serve this exact function?
how tall is it
Does this unit have an amp in it?
Does this have a battery in this also?
does this come as a pair? or olney with one
this is the type that plugs into wall, not an amp--right?
can I use the headphone jack on my keyboard to plug into the rca on the speaker without causing damage?
gift for grandson thought what was needed to use it would come with it-only wall plug what do i need to get for it to be heard thanks
can it be daisy chained to a pyle-pro pphp103mu? what cables would be best to suit this situation?
Does these speakers come with the required wire to hook up to the laptop or ipad?
Is the price for one or a pair speakers?
Does this program work for the Asus VivoBook X200CA-DB02 11.6" LED Notebook - Intel Celeron 1007U 1.50 GHz Ubuntu OS (Black)
can you record your voice
can you record yourself rapping on this or just make beats ?
New to this type of software. 1) What's the learning curve like? 2) Is the new version a must have or is this one equally as good?
What is the difference between this *MX" and Magic Maker 2014? Are they different or used with one another?
whats the model #
Do you need a computer to use this item?
What is the serial number?i can't find it Please help.Thank You.
can i plug my instrument in, it has a usb jack, and record my own music? can i burn a cd and slow it down?
Is the fretboard wide on this model for easy fingering? It's for a beginner.
Can this guitar be restringed for a lefty without affecting its performance? If not, can anyone suggest where to find a cheap one for a lefty?
is this an acoustic
Does this guitar require nylon strings? I know most do, but I am just wondering.
can you do rim shots on this set?
does this drum set have different sounds and kits? If so, how many?
I only see a kick pedal in the picture,does it come with the drum pad for the bass drum or is that something i have to buy seperately?
Does it bounce off like a real kit or is it like hitting rubber
Is the brain capable of reproducing different stick velocities (Dynamics) or is the same volume produced no matter how hard you hit pads?
is the hi hat controller variable or just on off?
I have an acoustic drum set and I am looking for a cheap electronic set for practice. Is this a good idea if already have acoustic drums?
Does it come with headphones? If not, can I use regular iphone type headphones?
does it have a amp?
Do the kits sound realistic?
Can this interface be used with line outputs from a digital piano? It has midi ports but can the two inputs be used to receive audio line signals?
Will this be sufficient to power a Shure SM57 with low noise?
Hi, is this interface just a plug &amp; play...or I of to download some kind of driver in order to use it.
I am curious if this is compatible with the latest Mac OS, Yosemite. Anyone know? Many thanks in advance!
Will I need a phantom power supply? If so does anyone have any suggestions on a good one? This is my first time setting up a home studio.
Can I use this interface with Garage Band or do I have to use the software that comes with it?
How well does this work with a mac? I'm torn between this and the Scarlett 212 but I read Scarlett has mac compatibility issues. True?
Is the sampling frequency switchable?
Does this work on OSX 10.9?
I was planning on using this for my YouTube and Live streaming of PC gaming. Will this capture all of my windows sound effects as well as my mic ?
What are the internal dimensions of the basket?
What, besides the name, are the differences between the "iSonic P4810" and the "Joy4Less 4810" (it seems they share the same images &amp; specs)???
would this product be suitable to clean gun parts after a day at the range?
Would this device be suitable for cleaning a small handgun like the Kel-tec P3AT?
Is the heater adjustable and can it be turned off independant of the cleaner?
For Liposomal makers, do you put the liquid directly into the machine or can it be put into a mason jar then into the machine?
Can I use this to make Liposomal Vitamin C and glutathione in this?
Has anyone cleaned a small carburator in this? Can you use a solution other than water?
Is this unit too large to make a single batch of Liposomal Vitamin C?
What is the minimum amount of liquids that must be in this unit?
How do I chose the stain color I want?
Once installed, can it be easily removed and then installed elsewhere? I might be moving next year and I wouldn't want to leave this hanging!
Will this also fit a guitar?
Will this fit a violin?
Do you think this would work for a Yamaha guitalele?
Would this fit a 4 string banjo? My tenor uke has a wider neck than my goodtime.
Will this also fit a guitar?
Do I need an electric drill to mount this, or can I just use a Philips head screwdriver?
will it hang a BOWL BACK mandolin so it won't touch the wall?
Does this work for child size guitars and ukes?
Can this be used for Rocksmith? Acoustic guitar for rocksmith? And also please let me know if it is good/poorly?
Can I take it on and off of my Guitar so when i don't play with my church, Then just put it in my bag?
How do I get rid of the continous hum when I plug it on an acoustic - electric amplifier (epiphone) &amp; electric amplifier (Fender)
Does this pickup work when there are other instruments around too?
I threw away the packaging before reading the instructions. Is there anything to it besides wedging it in the sound hole and plugging in?
Do i need one of those 1/4 female coupler things in order to plug this into an amp?
Will this work on a taylor gs mini?
does it work with classical guitar?
When I tried to plug the product in my amp a couple days ago, it did not work, no sound was coming from the sound speaker. Does it need a battery?
Will this work on a kid's guitar?
Would this stand work for an acoustic guitar (36" tall, 12.5" wide, 3.75" deep)? This stand is attractive; the guitar stands I've been able to find here and elsewhere are decidedly unattractive. Thanks.
Will this stand work for a mandolin?
Can you take apart easily for flat storage?
What is the footprint of this stand?
Would a Martin Backpacker guitar fit in this?
Would you recomend this stand for a larger sized baritone ukulele?
How does this stand touch the floor? I ask because in my case it will go on a hardwood floor. Thanks.
Does it give a snug fit for an Oscar Schmidt OU5 Concert Ukulele?
what ukulele is that in the picture?
two of the reviews state that it shuts off in 20-30 mins... and two answers here say it stays on????
Can you plug this into the wall instead of using batteries?
Can the included adaptor be for Australian socket? Any extra charge
do the stars move around on the ceiling or is it stationary?
does it stay on all night or go off by itself
Does it works with Tracktor?
If you record your mix, is what you say throught the microphone included?
Does it have a pre amp? do I need to run it through another mixer or anything? or will it play directly?
Hi, does it work with out a computer?
Hi, what is included with the controller, are all the the original leads and cables included and is it in its original box,? how old is it? thanks
does it work witn VDJ 8
can it work with a computer
is there slot for (music) SD Card?
Will a USB to USB plug work with this to share with a computer?
where can i download the latest software for this
Would you get this one, or would you prefer the epiphone dot? I'm trying to decide between the two? How do you like it?
Is this guitar under average in size? Compared to Taylor T5.
Is it made in USA?
For purchasers in 2015, did you receive a 2014 or 2015 serial number on the guitar ?
Can you ship to the Uk please?
Would This Be Compatible With A MXL 550/551?
will it work with iMac?
Does this work for windows 8.1? Is it good for computer karaoke recording?
Can you use this from a Nady phantom power supply? It's like a interface thats's not usb
Does this work with the Audio-Technica AT2020
Does this work well with the AKG Perception 220 without degrading signal quality or losing volume?
does it work on windows 8?
Good for distorted guitar with DI box?
Could be the Shure Super 55 Mic compatible with this one?
Thanks foe the answer, My guitar (yamaha fg 730S) has a Scale Length of 25.56"...so will it fit?
Hi! Do you know if this will fit a Fender T-Bucket 300CE? Thanks for the answer!
Do you know if this will fit a Yamaha FG 730? I want it to fit nice, I don't want a super bigger bag or a smaller one, thanks.
Just wanted to know if this gig bag will fit a Fender FA-125s model? My son is need of a bag that can be worn as a backpack and wants it be Fender.
Does anyone know if a Fender Sonaran SCE will fit in this bad?
What is the depth of this bag? My guitar is 5" deep. Will this case fit?
Can I fit a 12 string drednaught in this bag?????
Ours is 41" long and 16" wide will it fit?
What are the dimensions of the bag.?
does this Fender 3/4 guitar have an adjustable truss rod?
Does this guitar accommodate a strap?
Can this guitar be converted to left-handed?
nut size please? thanks
nylon or steel strings?
How does this compare in size to a little martin?
Where is this guitar made, U.S.A. or Mexico?
does it work for mac book pro computer
Is this stereo or mono
Does it work with an Iphone or Ipad?
Is it good to record music? Like vocals and like music in the background?
Does it work for YouTube and skype?
where do you plug it in
I have a problem with a loud buzzing noise while recording gaming videos how do i fix it
Can you use a collar clip-on lapel microphone with it?
What is the difference between the PWMA60UB and the PWMA50UB models?
is this dual voltage? 110v and 220v? thanks a lot for your answers.
can i use this in a class room having 60 students
Will this charge through the USB port?
Can I speak through it and play music through it at the same time? Looking to purchase this for teaching fitness classes - play music while instruct.
Just bought the higher rated Neewer mic from amazon but do not work. What is the problem? These mics work well w/ a different model: pwma50b .
Description said it comes w/ a carry bag. One review said no bag. Can others confirm if there is a bag or not.
will this project 100 yards outside?
Does it interfere with the user's hearing aid?
What are the uses you have given to this item? And how is the built and performance quality?
Mine did "NOT" come with an AC adapter cable. Was it just missing or does this not come with a way to charge?
Can the battery be replaced when it will no longer hold a charge?
When I turn it on, the red light is on. Do I need to charge it? Also, when I plug in to charge, the red, green light is blinking. is it full charged?
Does this need any kind of amplifier or mixer for the sound, or can it be hooked to my boombox with a AUX line? I teach fitness workouts, so will it play BOTH my music through ipod and allow me to speak to my class at the same time?
I would like this for my grand daughter who is 6, but loves to sing and perform for family and friends. Would this be suitable for her without any other devices needed so she can sing?
Can it stay plugged in? I am trying to amplify my Grandfather Clock&gt; Any reccommendations?
Does this have a volume adjustment, as in can you turn it up or down?
can I recharge battery using 110 volts? Insert says to use 220 volt circuit (in Chinese with very poor English translation).
What are the dimensions and weight of the amplifier box?
Gave this to my 80 year old parents to use in car/RV but unit is squealing and I think it's caused by car's electronics. How do we avoid this?
does it come with power adapter ?
Charger come with?
Charger come with?
Can this be charged in Europe with 220/240v?
Does the ac adapter come included to recharge this unit?
I lost my charger , can I buy separately ?
When you set the color with the controller and then turn on and off the power to the light from a switch will the light keep it's color setting ???
does it have a standard plug
If it has a 3-prong plug why does it say in the description that it "comes without a plug:" -- does it need to be hardwired?
When you turn it off and then turn back on, does it remember the last colour it was set to before it was turned off?
The picture shows another control wire. Can this be controlled from another light / external RGB controller?
Can this light be used with a dimmer?
The dimensions don't feel right 115 mm = 4.527 inches x 87 mm = 3.425 inches x 87 mm = 3.425 inches is this correct?
Is the sensor for the remote outside of the light with the wire or is the sensor inside the light because you have two pictures with both.
What kind of dimming is used, PWM or Voltage? Want to know if these lights would be good for filming (PWM is not good for filming).
Replacing 100W traditional green and red lights that reach top of two story home. What Watts do I have to get with this product to do the same thing?
can you tell me the measures and wheight please
I have two questions. First, can I relax, because the product works very well? Second, do I have to buy a heavy duty mike stand? Is there is a possibility that my guitar will tip, because a guitar is heavy?
What keeps this from scratching the back of you axe? Do you need to add some sort of padding?
Will this work for a bass guitar with inlaid straplocks?
Says its for Electric, anyone used it for acoustics?
what about neck heavy Bass guitars?
Photo doesn't show the adjusting strap. Is the strap included?
Will this fit a DDJ-T1?
Will NS7ii fit in this bag?
Can you take this bag inside a plane, as a carry on?
Is it suitable for carry on in cabin?
Will this fit a Pioneer DDJ-SR?
Will this fit Numark iDj pro?
will this fit the Traktor s4?
Does it fit the Pioneer DDJ-SB system?
Can you fit a 13" macbook pro with your ddj sx Midi controller
is this suitable for numark N4
Can a suspend pedal be added
DOES THIS HAVE A HAPSICORD SOUND SETTING
Weighted keys?
Anybody know what size the headphone jack is?
does it come with the power cord? ive never bought a keyboard before and i dont want to make any assumptions.
Could someone tell me if this one comes with a MIDI feature? Can you hook up with your computer to play with other music software? Thanks.
Will this work with my Blue Microphone (Bluebird Cardioid Condenser Microphone)?
would this item work plugged into a pc with windows 8
Is this cord mono or stereo?
would this fit a cad gxl 2200 microphone?
what does this Fender Strat come with besides guitar? Case? etc?
where is it made?
Is the neck tinted?
How does the Mexican compare with a Japanese? Or is there really not much difference?
where is it made?
Hi, is the nut width 1.65 or 1.69? thank you
Where is this guitar made?
This guitar on Fender's website is $1500. Why is it only $500 here. What is different?
What is the original type of strings that come with the guitar? Is it Fender Bullet 09 - 42?
were was it made
ipad mini
Just to confirm - this works with the iPad 2 Air (latest iPad)?
Does this include the microphone stand or is that purchased separately
Will it hold the IPad 3?
does this fit the ipad air?
Is this stand compatible with the iPad4?
In other words it's not left channel A and Right channel B..each channel is stereo?
I suppose what I actually meant to ask was..If I use a 1/4 stereo plug in channel A and a stereo plug coming out into the device.It will be stereo?
Is channel A &amp; B for two different devices?
Is it an electric acoustic which can be plugged into an amp with a cable?
Is this guitar red on the sides and back and does the color match the top redtone over the fret? does it smell like paint?
acoustc guitar
How long is the Guitar in inches?
I am buying this to use with Rocksmith on Ps3 - can I get the game without the cable or do I have to buy the game with the cable
does anyone think this would work with Rocksmith 2014 Edition would like to lean how to play the guitar
does it come with a pick
how do you use the whammy bar
Does this come w/ a tuner?
is model number?
This product is delivered in one package or comes in several separate packages?
Is there anything else i have to buy to go with this or is it ready to go out of the box. Also how good is it for someone's just starting out? Thanks
does it come with a amp plug
does it come with a amp plug
Are the strings steel or nylon?
I've noticed a lot of people "re-glued" the neck. In case I buy this or any other guitar, what type of glue should I use?
Does this come with a strap? One part of the description says it has a strap, but further down the page, a strap is not listed in the accessories.
how long is it?
Mine came with a strap but there is only a peg to attach strap at the bottom and not the top. Any ideas?
what age is this good for
can big people use this or is it for kids
How do you attach the strap as this guitar only comes with one knob at the bottom?
We just got this guitar and I can't figure out how to attach the strap...there is the peg on the bottom and nothing on the other end...
do the strings break easily and is there any other thing that breaks off
Does this product come with a software CD or is the software downloaded from a site with a keycode or something like that?
Does it have a built in audio interface? I would like to practice mixing using just my headphones without disturbing my neighbors
can you run virtual dj 7-8 with this controller
can you hook these up to a desktop pc or does it have to be laptops or ipads?
This S2 Function , i wan to buy it , but im not sure of this
Sounds like (from the reviews) it only works well with a MAC. Is anyone successfully using the S2 with a PC?
Do you ship to the UK and if so how much? Thanks
Do these come with cords to attach to a reciever / amplifier or do those have to be purchased separately?
Is there a warranty for this product?
Can you use another brand of cymbals or other pads? I have Yamaha DTX cymbals and a 12" kick pad and I think they'd be better than the Alesis ones.
dose it come with HI Hat pedal&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Will the Tama Iron Cobra 200 Kick Pedal work with the Alesis DM10x drums?
Does it work with a twin pedal? And if it is the case, does it recognize fast kicks?
can you add toms ???
Does the module offer tracks you can play behind?
Reconmmend me the 3 best headphones options for this drum. Thanks
Hello buddy, I live in Brazil and would like to import this drum, you have the information on the total weight of the boxes?
Can you use different heads
How many spare cymbals or pads can I plug into this set?
how many strips o u get ....1 or 24
how many strips do u get ....1 or 24??
are they 3ft long like advertised and are they extremely bright?
Does this product have 3m tape on the light strips?
what is the length of the lights dont see the size anywhere
Are the tripods included? It wasn't listed in the description.
I am trying to locate extra parts for this. Specifically the LED cable. Do you have these?
Can 2 drapes be chained together?
Does this come with the stands and the DMX controller box ?
How hot does the unit get? Will it burn your skin if you touch it? Can you back it up close to a wall?
Can you fold up or roll up the drape when it is not in use? If so, how small can you make it?
do the lights show up on both sides of the drape?
Hi... could you please confirm that is made in Mexico?
has neck gloss lacquer finish ?
How does the Mexican compare with a Japanese? Or is there really not much difference?
does this come with the fender gig bag?
where was it made? Very important info concerning fender.
Do you need to add speakers to this?
How does this compare in quality to the Shure PGX\PG1 combo?
What else I need to buy to run the system? A speaker system? An amplifier?
Where can I get a pdf of the manual?
can you make the antenna remote ??? will they work in the back of my rack ??
Are mic stand clips provided for the handheld wireless mics? If not, which clips will fit the GTD wireless mics?
What kind of cable(s) do I need to buy along with this one to connect to my BEHRINGER XENYX X2442USB mixer? How many of them? 4? Short ones?
what kind of battery do the mics use?
Where can I find/buy windscreens for the G-787H
Can you use this in other countries esp philippine
Does this item also come with an iLok device required for PT11?
Can I plug a keyboard into the midi in to control/record with VST's or RTA's in pro tools or does it just control the eleven rack?
What version of Pro Tools does this package ship with as of today?
Does the Eleven rack function as a interface like an MBox, will it allow me run other instruments or a drum machine thru it to be recorded?
I bought the eleven rack w/Pro tools. I cannot find the included instruments anywhere.Does this version come with any instrument other than melodyne?
So I've seen two different answers on here, does this version come with the expansion pack for Eleven Rack or not?
are there bass amp models in there as well?
Can I just use the Eleven Rack to record only vocals? I don't even have a guitar.
i have a mac... will i be able to install pro tools for mac with this?
Do you need to use or activate Pro Tools in order to use the Eleven Rack? I don't have a need and was going to give it to someone.
Does this unit come with AC power or does it run only on batteries?
Can you use the party time karaoke CDs??.
How many microphones does it come with?
i phone compatible or just ipod?
does this item come with a microphone
CAN i HOOK UP A WIRELESS MICROPHONE TO THIS
Does it come with Traktor or Virtual DJ??
dumb question, can you use just one of these to dj and use traktor? or do u need two cdjs?
What DJ case can fit two Numark NDX900s and a 12 inch mixer?
Is this MAC compatible?
What do you recommend? Can I use the maschine connected only to the computer ? How about the sound? Is necessary have an speaker? Thanks.
Does this come with the Maschine Software?
does it come with a voucher
how do i recover my intruments from my beats? its telling me to locate samples
Maschine Mikro, or Akai APC40 Abelton Controller ? Which is the more user friendly fun unit, the Maschine Mikro, the Akai APC40 Abelton Controller, or even the Korg Kaosillator ?
Does this come with the Maschine Software?
Could I plug this into a Video camera and use it as a microphone? or would I have to sync the separate audio to the video later?
Accessory pack has AC charger, but I thought H2n uses two AA batteries. Does one have to buy special rechargeable AA batteries? Or what is the story?
Does this unit "block" background noise in live recordings?
Can you record thru the mic and say, from a line out from an audio board at the same time? Will you be able to mix these 2 sources later?
Can this be used to record me and a Skype interviewee? If so, how does it pick up good vocals on the interviewee? Do I need a mixer?
Where can I purchase another AC adapter and USB cable?
Does anyone know exactly how to record separate tracks with this? Please give me details. I've got a deadline in a few hours.
Will these fit the 1972 series 7 version of the XC-86000 by Intrepid Electronics?
I have a logitech g430, will it fit on the mic?
Do these fit the "Blue Parrot" XT250 Bluetooth Headset Microphones?
Would these help with stopping harsh T's and S's?
I'm looking for mic foam covers for a voyager pro blue tooth will these covers work for it
Will these Fit the Shure WH20?
Like are these wireless or you have to plug up to speaker?
Will these fit turtlebeaches?
We have an Audio Technica ATW-T310bD, UHF transmitter on a lavalier that is used by faculty to lecture. Will these windscreens fit that paricular microphone?
will these fit the Logitech wireless headset H800
What is the resistance of the keys like - is it anything similar to a real piano? Thanks.
are the keys the same size as an actual piano keys?
Does it come with an ac power supply adaptor
What is the dimension without the book stand? (I'm trying to fit it in a 5.5 inch desk drawer if possible).
Can you plug it into a computer to record? If so, can you change the instrument sound using a program like Garageband? Thanks.
Does it have a stand?
Can a mic be used and headphoes with it?
Does the keyboard have a setting for grand piano?
Can a mic be used and headphoes with it?
Can you plug in a foot pedal?
What brand is the trumpet? And also is it a intermidiate horn?
is it a cornet or a trumpet
How is the mouthpiece? Should I buy a separate good quality mouthpiece with it or wait to let my beginner son play with this for awhile first?
What type of metal are the valves made out of? This is if you received a Hawk, not an Anaxa brand.
Just got mine, but the first finger button is completely immovable. Stuck! Has anyone had this problem, or know how to fix it???
I am getting ready to order five of these. I see sticky valve problems. What kind of valve oil should I order?
Good day! Is this a C or Bb Trumpet?
what size mouth piece comes with the trumpet. I need one with a 3c mouth piece
how long is the warranty
Shows 2 mouthpieces in your picture?- What size are they??-Thanks-MD
Is there a sustain pedal jack ?
Where can I buy a replacement AC/DC power adapter for this keyboard?
Are the keys weighted? Does the piano sound reflect how are and soft you play the keys?
Does it come with a microphone?
Keyboard has NO power all the sudden? Anyone else have this issue? Past warranty and not sure what to do now? Thanks!
Keys stopped working after 8 months. Drums and songs work but not keys. Does anyone know how to fix this or know who to call for technical support?
Is there any warranty? Where is it made - USA?
About how big is this keyboard? How large are the keys, most importantly?
Does this come with any kind of stand for the ground? Or do you have to place it on a table when you play?
Does it run on batteries also
do you plug this directly into your computer, or into one of the microphone ports of your audio interface? thanks
How many notes polypony it has ? and which one is the best in its series?
does this work with mavericks 10.9.2?
Would this keyboard work with an iPad air using the camera connection kit (to play synthesizer apps?)
Can i use this as a stand-alone piano if i plug it into an amp? or does it only function when it is running through a program like Ableton?
Would this keyboard be compatable with my "Yamaha Motif ES7" if I wanted to midi... And is it easily transposable?
I was wondering how much signal gain/boost this pedal is capable of? Looking to get an instrument level close to line level to feed a headphone amp. TIA
hi...is this good for bass?
Does this come with a 9v ac adapter?
I am geting a very loud hiss from this box if i turn the gain past about 9 o clock. Is this typical of this pedal or what can I do to improve this?
Can you copy ANY and ALL Cd's of ANY kind? If not, what kinds can you NOT copy? Thanks!
Does this unit have to be connected to a computer?
Will this burner also duplicate the smaller 30-minute camcorder dvd's?
what is the height of this product
Can it be used to copy files from a windows pc?
While this copy the text on a CD that has text? I ask because I have a recorder now that won't copy the text, even though it copies everything else just fine.
does anyone kmow why it would not duplicate a cd it says not enough room for all data,why?
How long does it take to burn a 4.7gb dvd to 3 other dvds assuming all 4.7gb of data is used?
can you select only a couple tracks from a cd or does it only record the entire cd?
how do you know which voltage to set the power cord to
Is the rod holding the plane included, if so how tall is it?
I have an Acer A200. Will the holder work for my tab
Will This it A Kindle Fire HD
Will this work on a Ipad2
Will it hold a Mini Ipad With wise
Will the Audio Technica AT2020 Microphone be held by this stand?
will this stand work with a Pyle PDMICR42BK Classic Retro Vintage Style Dynamic Vocal Microphone?
Will the legs hold in adjusted positions, to use on a slanted surface?
For the model: Pyle-Pro PDMIC58 Professional Moving Coil Dynamic Handheld Microphone works???... thanks
Will this fit a Samson C01UCW Studio USB Mic?
Will the Samsun Meteor mic fit on this? Thanks.
will the iklip work on this stand
Will this work for the Audio Technica ATR2500 USB Condenser Mic?
I purchased a DS60 from TJMAX. The box says Made for iPad. Will it work on Ipod as well?
Do ti works with out the Wire
Can you just use it as a mike to sing along with songs you have memorized or does it have to be plugged in to the ipad?
Will this work with IPOD Nano (no touch screen)?
Does this work with an ipod 4th generation?
Similar to the question below, can this microphone be used with other karaoke apps or can it only be used with the Disney app?
Can it only be used with the Disney app? Can my daughter used it just to sing whatever she wants?
Does it work with the ipad mini
I purchased this product and my daughter has a new IPAD so the plug in piece is too big. what type of adpater I need to buy? Is it a 30 pin 8 pin?
is this worth $13,900?
Is it easy to use and was the quality ok for the price?
does this come with a battery. Description says yes but I've read a review that it doesn't. Also what type of battery. Thanks
Will it work on Mandolin
Will it work with an electric guitar without amplifier? I have a http://amzn.com/B000BBRZ3S but it needs an amplifier for tuning =(
Can this be used to tune a acoustic guitar?
Can it tune in drop d
wil it work with a traveler guitar?
Do you know what size Phillips head screwdriver is needed to open the battery compartment?
would this work for a hammered dulcimer?
its made in?
this guitar includes the gig bag or hardcase, or i have to buy it separately
is the neck glossy an the freatboar glossy?
I can't find the weight of this thing published anywhere. How much does it weigh? I don't want something as heavy as a Les Paul, but 75 to 80% at most
its say made in china back and the serial number also back?
just need to know the weight as want to take abroad thanks carol
what kind of warrenty does it have?
Does it supply phantom power?
Why does this cost more than the Mustang 1?!?!?
Does this have a tone control? Thank you,Jeff
Does this have a stereo aux. input for CD players.Thanks
Will it work with a ukulele?
Do you need a foot swich?
Will it work with a bass guitar? I have a 5 string and am looking for a little practice amp that's inexpensive and works. Suggestions??
does it supply power adaptor?
Does it have a USB out to go to a computer?
Would this be a good amp to use with a BOSS RC-30 Loop Pedal?
Can the Fender Acoustasonic 150 do everything the Acoustasonci 90 can do?
Does it have a separate input for iPod or backing tracks?
is the footswitch included
does it have reverb
Is this a set of 6 or just 1?
What is the length for the tuning cylinder (where string attaches), and the worm gear (where the knob is attached to)? Thanks
WIll these fit in a 4mm bore hole?
Do you also need to use a bushing for each one?
Is this all you need in terms of making the tuning machine without anything else
Weight in grams?
How many do you have in stock? If I was looking to do a bulk order of 46 or possibly more sets, would this be possible?
Are the screws included?
How tall are the pegs?
When it plays a song for you, do the keys light up to show what keys the song is playing? Help me learn with it?
Could us turn off the light for showing the correct key, when we do not want it on?
what are the dimensions?
can you plug up your ipod to it: can you plug your ipod or other mp3 player in this keyboard and play along?
how many key tones
Can you hook a microphone up to it ?
How can I fix my Keyboard. It is not turning on. Can you help me?
Are the keys touch sensitive?
Is the AC adapter dual voltage? (I live overseas)
Is the power supply compatible with 220 voltage?
Can you turn off the lights on the keyboard?
Does it supposed to come with an SD card or I need to get one?
what songs are with it
Where are the speakers? They're not obvious in its picture like in many other models.
Will it restore the last played settings/options on power On? Or it reset to default on power on?
Can you record voice/sound and play them on the key board?
can you ship to the country Kazakhstan, Astana city?
can you ship to Australia?
does it have te song 'we got the beat'?
does it have a microphone
Does the Casio CTK 4200 have a sustaining pedal or is that another item to order?
does this come with a manufacturer's warranty?
what is the length
Did the NADY Audio StereoHeadphones Hp-03 come with an extra jack?
How do you make the headphones work? I plugged the headphones but no sound came from the headphones.
Does this keyboard come with built-in speakers?
I got a NADY Audio Stereo Headphones Hp-03. It doesn't fit into the output jack. Did anyone else have the problem?
does it come with a music stand
How do I connect a microphone to the CTK 4200 ? I see how for the 220 and 225. This is one of the main reasons I purchased it.
does it come with headphones?
does it come with a sustain pedal- essential!
The headphone jack does not fit in the spot on the keyboard...does anyone know why??
Are the keys weighted?
Are the keys touch-sensitive (i.e. if you press lightly it makes a soft tone, if you press hard it makes a loud tone, etc)?
HI, the charger is 120v or 220v? thanks
Does this keyboard have a music stand?
will you ship to UK?
does not having the full 88 keys make this product's abilites limiting?
I want to make my keyboard sound like an organ, what key does that?
is this worth the cost ? im new to this and wanna learn more . also does the stand fit and headphones work?
How do the built-in mics compare with $50 to $100 MXL, Behringer, or Audio Technica condenser mics?
Does it have a built in speaker?
...Looking to add this to my arsenal to compliment audio recording on a Canon VIxia HF G10 ... Yay or nay...? Any recommendations - Thanks!
Has anyone found good "case"? for storage/protection
Would you recommend this to someone who likes to sing? Will the recording quaility sound clear and not staticy?
Can I plug the headphone jack of my keayboard into this device for recording ?
Can any unit of this kind be mounted to the Sony a65 and synced to video at time of recording?
In home environment, why choose this recorder over computer recording...What are its pros over computer recording..?
It claims to be a "4-track" recorder. Does that mean 4 separate inputs that record simultaneously to _separate_ channels?
which external mic is the best to use with this recorder?
Does it come with the computer?
does it come with the power cord?
Does this come with the case
Does it support a 1tb hard drive
Is this controller compatible with rekordbox?
could i put a cd in this
can i plug my turntable into this unit
I currently use Serato Scratch Live will there be any problem with that and don't want to lose Serato Scratch Live cause I use it with my other setup
Is this item ios compatible.
so this does work with windows 8?
Can i use it for karaoke? I already have a xenyx 802 mixer without the effects processor.
Can I use this with my electric guitar the same as a stomp box type pedal? i.e.Guitar into Nanoverb 2 into amp. My small amp has no effects loop.
what kind of effects does it have
Would it be possible to make compilation C.D.s and if so is it difficult? If it is possible is the finished C.D. playable in your average C.D. player.
Does this have a label to stamp on the cd?
Will this unit copy unprotected DVD Movies
I purchased this and it duplicated cds perfectly but the cd info (song names and album title) isn't transferring from master cd. pls help!
Will this burn the master disc? If I don't have a burner in my pc will this burn from my pc rather than a master cd?
How is the unit on working on Dual Layer DVD's?
will it copy things with copy protection
Does it make good quality dvds? do they skip? is it picky on what kind of dvds you use?
Is this sony burners ?
Could this be good to copy data Cd/dvds ?
does it copy one disc at a time or both at the same time?
Can you copy songs from different cds on to one cd ?
Do you need a computer to use copystar DVD duplicator? Is it easy to use?
can you copy the audio from a dvd to an audio cd for playing in the car?
Are you able to print titles on the CD/DVDs?
can it copy 45 or Lp to Cd?
Will it copy a new Dvd movie? Will it copy a new blueray movie?
How long is the Manufacturer Warranty?
does it duplicate hd dvds?thanks.
How many dvds can it burn at a time?
Will this also copy the beginning menu that is on the DVD that is being copied ?
Ive had my duplicator for about 2 months and now it wont turn on.... what can I do??
Is there a USB port on the duplicator that will allow me to download material directly from my computer onto a disk for recording either directly to
Is there a USB port on the duplicator that will allow me to download material directly from my computer onto a disk for recording either directly to
This says dimensions are:18 x 15 x 11, is the unit really 11 inches wide? That seems unusually wide.
What brand cd are best to use for this duplicator? Can you use anybrand?
This is a stand alone machine. Can it also be connected to a computer to copy from the computer's hard drive?
Can this be used with a Sennheiser E835 on an iPhone 5 to record videos? I really want excellent audio...
can I use this as an adapter for a mic and still record video at the same time? On an Iphone 5s or ipad
Will this device work with a Blackberry Q10?
Using Irig free, I can't control the guitar level seperately from theplayback level of the track I'm playing over. WIll this unit help?
I need to record rehearsals for a band with loud drums, guitars, bass, and vocals. Will using this w/ right mic allow it to be audible?
Ok so i have 3 important questions does the cord shown plug a 3.5 mm jack? &amp; if so could i plug that into the microphone port on my labtop?
Can I plug the 3.5mm TRS output directly into powered computer stereo speakers and get adequate volume for medium room PA use?
Has anyone been able to listen on the earphone while recording? I was hoping for that so when I do videos I can also hear what you are getting audio?
I have a ZTE Grand X Max Plus Android phone. Will this work with it?
Work with ipad mini?
Does this product come with two speakers or just one? Is the 7000 watts the power of one speaker or of both speakers combined?
is this price for 2 speakers or just 1?
are the speakers sold as a pair
Will this case fit the Pioneer HDJ-2000 without taking the cable off the headset?
Do Skullcandy Crusher headphones fit in this case???
will this fit the Sennheiser HD 598 headphones? Thanks!
Will my akg k240's with a custom cable, an fiio e11 amp, and a small music player the size of the e11 fit?
Will the Logitech G930 headset fit in this case?
Will Sennheiser HD 428 headphones fit in it?
would nyone recommend these for the beyerdynamic custom one pros
does any one know if it will fit the harman/kardon cl, the headphones fold flat so i dont think height is a problem so i am not sure it they would fit
can u plug microphones ?
can you use this in Europe where the voltage is different (it`s higher)?
can I plug connect combo with PC or laptop?
where would I get the jacks to plug the mp3 to the amp?
Does it have a power ON light?
when mp3 player is plugged in is it stereo or mono?
can u plug earphone (just not to make noise)
can u plug earphone (just not to make noise)
does this item come with Power Adapter?
Comes with the Cables that plug in to the guitar, correct?
can you use a foot switch on this
are the cabinets "closed back" style?
Is the footswitch supplied or sold seperately? And are the two loudspeaker cables supplied or sold seperately?
Are both individual cabinets 15 watts each? Or are they both 15 watts combined? And what is the Head's wattage?
is the Marshall MG15CFXMS Mini Stack Made in USA ???
dose this amp break down in three sections,so as it not all one pease,and does it need it's own cables, from head to both cabs...
Could I use the head in different cabs, or is it made specificly for these two cabs? Alwo, what effects are built in?
How tall is the amp?
Is this the full cabinet or not?
Does it come with a cable to plug it into a guitar, or should I buy one separately?
How much does this combo weigh?
What is the power input for this amp 110V or Dual voltage (110V-220v)
Mine just came, is it normal for it to make a hissing white noise? (even with nothing plugging in)
Could I play this with a bass?
Is this amp too loud for a practice amp in the home?
can you plug in headphones to give the neighbors a break?
Is the output stereo when you plug in a mp3 player?
is this amp universal power supply or 110 volts Thank you.
can I have 2 guitars run through this effectively
i need to know how to mout the pick up bar, have got everything cut and fit, but had no instructions how to mount the pick up bar
Does it come with a under the saddle pick up
What size holes are needed in my guitar? I know it has a template, but I want this to replace the non-working system I have in my guitar. I already have holes in my guitar. I need to know the size of holes on your system so I can determine if this will...
In the photo, there is an XLR output shown. Does the kit include the XLR output? If so, that is what I am looking for.
&Acirc;&iquest;Does it come with their mounting screws?
Does this product have their mounting screws?
what are the dimensions of the two parts, I want to fit in a smaller guitar 6 1/2 cm deep and wonder if this is too wide for it
Does this work for a 6 string fender with another equalizer already on? I mean to change it with this one if it works.
does it fit a dreadnaught sized guitar?
Can a magnetic pickup be plugged into this pre-amp instead of the peizo?
How many additional single-zone pads can I connect to the SPD-SX? Only 2, or 4?
Can you please direct me to tutorials on how to create my own unique sounds like the ones pre-loaded on the spdsx? Thank you for your help :-)
If I want my friend to send me a bass line should he send it with a click track in the song? Should he play to a click track and send it? Or can he se
Is this machine compatible with Roland V-Drums?
Can I use a generic USB flash memory or do I need the roland brand?
Are the three pads on the top less sensitive than the other pads?
Is there a limit to how big (file size) or how long (time) a sample can be?
is it the spd-sx have china Percussion sounds?
Can the receiver be use with 230V?
Is this good for church activity?
What kind of mic clip can hold it? Any suggestion?
I can connect in the same area and the same time these three microphones : 45a; 45B and 45C ? Ie those can be used simultaneously in the same area thr
does the reciever need to be plugged into a wall outlet while in use?
What type of cable do I need to hook this up to an amp?
Is this compatible with a camera? cannon t3i
I just want a wireless mic my daughter can use to sing her favorite songs on, will this one work?
Can I assign my own sounds to this?
What are the specs of the AC adapter? Thanks in advance.
what kind of equipment will I need in conjunction with this machine or is it and stand alone item? I'm fairly new to music. anything advice would help.
What are the actual product dimensions. Amazon states 13.4 x 12.6 x 5.1 inches ; 3.8 pounds - but this seems to be the size of the box.
is it possible to take a one shot sound from the library and spread it out through the pads with different pitch levels?
Will I be able to hook this up to ProTools and apply it to mixes that I am currently working on?
does this item include bass pads?
Like the mpc1000, can you use this to send tempo information to your other instruments?
Can you run this comfortably through midi and a DAW to increase and expand workflow?
How does it save the music? And can you hook it up to a laptop with USB, HDMI or anything? Also does it have vocal effects
ipad
mac
I'm a bit confused about the front connectors... They will allow for an XLR cable?
Can I plug a bass guitar directly into this without going thru an amp?
does this come with the USB cable?
Is it compatible with Windows 8.1?
Does it sound good for electric guitar?
Can i record myself at home singing? What else do I need, a mic? and what else? will the result be of great quality? THANKS
I want to get this device, but I live in Egypt and electricity in here is 220v so I am wondering about this device shouod it work on 110v or what?
So. I want to hook up a pair of krk rokit 5s to my computer. Can i use TRS from the rokit to the interface and then the usb to the computer for sound?
Does is fit the DDJ SZ?
is this suitable for DDJ-SX with Macbook pro 15" Retina version and Pioneer RMX-1000? If it is, can I use it for flight bag?
is this suitable for pioneer XDJ Aero?
WIll this fit ns7 2?
Is this bag compatiable withthe DDR-SR contorller?
does this fit a numark mixdeck express ?
is this suitable for a ddj-ergo V?
is this suitable for numark mixdeck quad
Is this suitable for numark 4 trak??? I am very interested on this item because I think the numark bag won't carry my laptop (macbook pro 13"). Thanks
is this suitable for numark s4
How does this compare with a Pigtronix Infinity Looper or a Boomerang III in terms of signal fidelity? I've heard some boss loopers suck tone.
Can it sync tempo with other gear using midi sync?
hi, does it includes a power adapter?
i am new to this and i really want to get this but i dont know what to get to set u the boss rc 300 so can anyone tell me ?
Can it import and export .flac (lossless) files?
What else do you need to use this machine?
Hello, does anyone know if you can connect this via midi to a Boss (hand activated) Loop Station so they can be in synch?
I am in a two piece band and would rather use a pedal to play back bass parts than to try and find another member.Is this the right pedal for that?
The text says that it is a new "roller" bridge, but the picture shows a used "standard" bridge... which is it?
Can anyone tell me the center-to-center measurement of the posts? My SG is ~ 2 &frac14;"
Dumb questions, but do the adjustment screws face the neck or the tail piece?
does this fit an epiphone casino?
is it 2" or 48mm string spacing? it is much different, it's not the same number...
is this a full size guitar? is it nylon or steel string?
What color is the back of it?
Does it have a jack to connect to an amp?
I bought this guitar, the strings seems to be very hard and my fingers pains a lot when playing. Is it normal or should changing the strings help?
what is the weight in Lbs or Kg?
Is it tuned or assembled when it comes?? Because i am a beginner and i dont even know how to tune a guitar
Hello , please tell me which are the product measurements need to know the height, width and depth. thanks
Can you restring it with nylon strings instead?
Does it have a gig bag?
does it comes with a tuner and picks ?
hows the volume? dose it get loud and how sturdy is it
Is this a good size for 10 year old beginner?
Does this guitar come with a pick?
How are you supposed to use a strap with this guitar? There is a place to hook strap at base but not anywhere else?
Does this guitar come with shims (spacers) beneath the bridge? Thus making it easy to lower the string height.
How tall is the guitar?
how tall is it? i would it be a good one for a 5'2 feet tall person?
Can I use strap on it? And does it have steel strings? Thanks
Where can I get a bag that fits this guitar? Thanks!
how long did it take for it to get to you're house ?
does it make your guitar sound like a banjo
dose this work on plane acoustic guitar Rogue left handed . ?
does this work on ukulele?
do they come in any other color?
Will this work on my CLASSIC and NOT acoustic guitar??
Does this work with a soprano, concert, or tenor ukulele?
where do you ship this item from?
will it work on a 3/4 size yamaha acoustic?
How soon will I be expected to receive this item if I were to purchase it today?
Would this work well for a Soprano Ukulele?
Can I use this cord to connect to my iPad?
My keyboard has both 1/4 and 1/8 outputs, does 1/4 output, or cables, give more volume? Better sound?
Will this cable work with an Ibanez bass guitar as well?...or are these guitar cables brand agnostic? Thanks
does this work with bass?
Will it work with an acoustic 12 string?
is this the same cable they include in the case candy of a MiA Strat?
Is this actually a fender cable or another brand? there are reviews saying they received planet weave cables when they purchased this specific item.
is this cable suitable for a soprano ukuelele
which digital to analog audio converter can I use to connect wireless headphones to my HDTV?
will it connect to headphones?
How do I plug headphones into this? Do i need to buy a cable to match with L + R output or does it come included?
Would this work if I plug this out of my motherboard's s/pdif? The sound chip on the pc is a 7.1 but I only want to use it for stereo.
My AppleTV digital output into my receiver produces L and R sound. But running my ATV into this DAC then analog into receiver produces just L. Ideas?
What's the best software to use with this, if you want to record from the optimal-in jack? I want the high possible quality. Would Audacity work?
Used product in Optical Toslink Cable is in it?
Is the the original D3 (version 1 with silver RCA connecters)?
does the FiiO D3 DAC come with a power supply?
Does this D to A audio converter encode dolby 5.1?
Is this nylon strings or steel? I don't see that anywhere. I want steel.
Who makes the case? model?
Second question, does this guitar have steel strings? Third, does it come with a tuner? Thanks
Is the finish high-gloss or matte? Does it have a strap button on top?
is this a solid top? can i try it out and if not happy send it back?
Can you use the Mixtrack while it's still in the case?
can i use a stand with this case i know it's kinda small
Can it fit the Numark Mixtrack USB DJ Controller for Mac and PC
Will this fit the Mixtrack Pro II?
Once set to a color/mode is the remote control required to re-select that color if the power is removed and re-applied?
Do these lights dim or only have one brightness? Also is it able to produce a color similar to warm white?
Is the white on the multicolor the same as cool white 5000k?
I ordered 2 and both feel very warm to the tuch and have some smell while on. Is it normal ???
Can you purchase another 16 foot roll alone and connect it to this kit? If so is it sold here on Amazon? will th kit transformer Handel two rolls?
Can you use a magnetic wall dimmer switch? If so do yiu need a special transformer or power supply?
Can you set it to a warm white light for under cabinet lighting? If so does it look like led warm white lights?
Can you control several sets of lights (each with its own IR controller and adapter) with one remote control?
Is there any way that I could get a copy of the remote manual?
Can these lights be cut down to 5 feet.
What does the outfit come with
What kind of wood is the top made on this violin?
Is the fingerboard on this violin ebony wood
The bass sound is powerful, sturdy?
Where is the item produced? Do you have other models such as #126, #165, #274? Any warranty? Tnx!
One or two piece back? The image appears to be a one-piece back, but the description does not mention it.
Is the same one that is being used in this youtube video?
Where (in Seattle) to by plastic stickers if the old gone bad?
How long has your suction cups lasted before you had to replace them? Where can you buy replacements?
Is there one like this that can fold in on itself for easy transport? Can you remove the two pieces to make it smaller in attempt to put it in a case
Is ErgoPlay Tappert Classical Guitar Support for right hand players?
Would this work with a solid body electric guitar (e.g. tele shape)?
what is the dimensions?
When you purchase this item, does it comes with the original box and the plastics used to paste on the guitar?
Any soft case that can go with this?
can i use my turntable with this set up
Does/can this work with an IOS device with a lightning connector?
Does this work with virtual dj
does this work with mac pro laptop
how many gb can i used on each side using a usb thumbdrive ? how many gb on external hd can i use on each side ?and can i use usb 3.0?
Is this considered a wireless system?
can I use this mix deck quad with my samsung galaxy note 3 phone?
Does this Mix deck work with iPhone 5S???
Can this control 4 decks in serato and/or virtual dj or just 2?
I bought this bridge but it doesn't having any mounting screws... Where can I buy the right screws for a 3 hole hardtail bridge?
Would this fit on a Squire Bullet Strat? All I really need is one of those little springs
I want to change my strat from a tremolo bridge to a hardtail. Will this work or do I need something different?
Technical details state color temp is 3000K but product description states 2700K. Which is correct?
How many lumens??? How can I compare?
Which leads do you wire to obtain warm white color? Pictures show only two leads or RGB, but product that arrived had four un-labled leads?
What color is the LED strip that the LEDs are mounted on? White or yellow?
Anyone know where you can buy a female connector to fit the one that comes on the end of the black cable that is attached to the ribbon cable?
wattage per foot
Is the masking on this roll white, or copper colored? I had soldering issues with the white masked 3528 LED strip. Apparently there was a conformal coating on the soldering pad, and I was not about to go around with a removal pen on every pad. I have a...
Looking for accurate power supply requirements. Has anyone measured the current draw on these strips? 72 watts seems high. I can't imagine needing a 150 W power supply for two strips. One reviewer mentions running four strips off a 2A power supply! Any...
What speaker ohm rating will this amp take?
Can I download a full User Manual?
Is this wireless?
Can the pa speakers be controlled separately?
How can one house this in a rack case? The front sticks out and won't fit!
I can connect in the same area and the same time these three microphones : 45a; 45B and 45C ? Ie those can be used simultaneously in the same area thr
Can the receiver be powered through a battery operated speaker with a 1/4 inch cable?
What is the usable range?
what is the difference between bannd like 45a 45b?
Hi, I'm planning to purchase for the gift to church in India. What are accessories are needed i.e. the power supply in India is 220V &amp; sound system
Hi, I'm planning to purchase for the gift to church in India. What are accessories are needed i.e. the power supply in India is 220V &amp; nature of sound
ok why is there an A, B and C version or band? if I only want to buy one right now does it matter which one? in the future if I buy another ...
A consultation this equipment includes a wireless microphone is a microphone or conventional?
Hi, its mentioned that if above $35 purchase, it will be of free shipping. But while ordering, its taking a $13.50 for shippoing charge.
What color is the lining?
does this case fit a Squier J Bass
Does this case fit a Jaguar
Does this case fit a Telecaster? If so how well?
Are the dimensions that are listed for the interior of the case or exterior.
will a SQUIER STRATOCASTER by fender fit perfectly in this case? thank you
does this case, fit a left handed stratocaster??
This Case its for the Telecaster Thinline? (Fender Classic Series '72 Telecaster&reg; Thinline Electric Guitar, Natural, Maple Fretboard)
what color is the interior of this case?
Will a PRS custom 24 fit in this case?
Will it work with a strap lock pin on the bottom end?
Will a lifty strat fit in it?
Does it fit a JazzMaster?
Is it suitable for a Fender Jaguar?
Is this case sturdy enough for a move overseas or in the mail?
So mine came locked and apparently with no keys. Any Sugestions?
Can you close the case with the tremolo arm in place on a Stratocaster?
Does it come with a pouch (or a bag) to hold the transmitter? Thanks.
Do you know what is the range of the wireless? Thanks
I am currently using a PT45 in a small gym/studio to teach aerobics..will this one work with the headset as well? is the headset compatible?
what size is the transmitter for AKG WMS 40 Mini Wireless Instrument System
Anybody use this for bass guitar? and how is it, clear and clean sounding?
Is there a headphone out in the transmitter? As in the receiver connected to Focusrite 2i2 and the headphone out routed to the transmitter?
would this system work if i hooked it up to a keyboard?
Would this work transmitting vocals plugging into the transmietter a typical dynamic microphone, using a 1/4" short mic cable?
Would this transmitter work OK with a piezoelectric contact microphone, external type, which is PASSIVE and of high impedance?
Does it work with pedals? Where would I connect the receiver?
Does this guitar have an adjustable truss rod?
Is this version of the AE-128 made in Indonesia?
Are the strings medium or light?
Mine came locked, where are the keys?!
Does its says Fender outside the case ?
will a SQUIER STRATOCASTER by fender fit perfectly in this case? thank you
How long is the neck from the base to the lights?
Would this be a good light to clamp onto a stitching frame for embroidery?
How wide does the clamp open? I need to clip it to my Kawaii grand piano music stand which is a hair thicker than 1/2 inch.
Do the LED lights cover two 8 1/2" x 11" pages when the pages are laid side for total coverage of 17" x 11"?
Will this stand up by itself, or does this need to be clamped to something?
How wide is the light housing? Would it be overkill as a book light?
Does this come with an adapter? (Description doesn't say so, but some of the review seem do.)
Cymbals: Does this set come with the cymbals?
Assembly: Does he drum set come assembled?
cb drum set: does the cb drumset includes cymbal and snare
what strings are recommended?
What is the action like on this guitar? I have a 125.00 Alvarez that is ok, but strings sit high. Am tempted to wait on the new epiphone Pro-1 .
what does this case look like on the inside? padded or just plain?
is it made in china?
How can you connect it to computer for recording?
can I use 7 inputs at the same time?
Would these cables work for the mixer Pyle Pro PPMJL30 30' Professional Microphone Cable 1/4" Male to XLR Female?
how do I connect this to my home stereo which uses RCA input jacks.
Is the MG102C a 'Powered Mixer" with the phantom power feature or a non-powered mixer with that feature?
Ok so I was wondering if buying a DJJ-Ergo means it automatically comes with a warranty? Or is that bout differently?
Will this work with an Android-based tablet?
Whats The Difference Between The Pioneer DDJ-Ergo-Limited And The Pioneer DDJ-Ergo-V?
what are the input, if any, and output.. rca, 1/4in, or xlr ?
i wanna know.. if i can interface this mixer with my new ipad 3..., im new at this , and if so what would i need to do it?
I have algoriddim djay software on my mac iphone and ipad...Is this controller compatible with my mac iphone and ipad...?
I have already installed traktor at my laptop. Can I buy this ERGO and plug and play without using Virtual DJ? and still using traktor?
Ok so I was wondering if buying a DJJ-Ergo means it automatically comes with a warranty? Or is that bout differently?
Will the Amp be fitted with 240V input power for shipping to Australia?
How do you-all think this amp would work w/a solid-body electric (I have an Ibanez AF75)? Thx!
The XLR Outputs on the back of this amplifier, are they male or female? In relation, what type of XLR cable should I buy (male or female)? Thanks.
Can two guitar players plug into this amp and have two microphones plugged in as well so they can both play and sing simultaneously.
I am getting very loud feedback. Volume is at 1/4. Feedback control helps a bit at lower volume. I am using an LR Baggs M80 soundhole pickup.
Hi, do you ship it to Brazil? Rio de janeiro? what would it cost? Import taxes included? Thank you, Daniel
Does anybody have a recent model with issues regarding flaking of the tolex (side material)? I'm wondering if Fishman fixed this issue?
will this work 4 an arch top 4 jazz?
Is this item work with 220 volt?
What kind of microphone does or does not work well with this amp?
is it compatable with Uniden 6.0 cordless phones we have in our home?
Does it have speaker phone
Does this phone have redial? Does this phone have speaker?
do any phones have white wires for plug ins
Does the DECT 6.0 work with land-line calls?
is there a usb connection on this?
Can you specify the package size? its because i might be travelling with it on a plane!
I have two Denon DS1000 turnstables, do I need an interface to use this mixer with them?
Do you do deliveries to argetina?
Do it have a jack to hook up headphones, so we don't hear it in the house when he plays?
does it come with all the cables to hook up the drum pads and foot trigers
i was wondering if this drum set is quiet?
How often does this go on sale? I was looking at this a day ago and it was about $130 and I was going to buy it today and then BOOM its over $400
I need a replacement trigger pad for this kit (beat my floor tom pad to death), what will work as a replacement? Preferably something on amazon...
Do the cymbals have a "choke" circuit (when you grab the cymbals does the sound stop)?
How listen my music, and mix with control box ?
Do I have to use the kick-pedal, or could I hook up a kick-pad to this set?
Can this kit be set up for a left handed person?
Is it expandable to add on more cymbals or Toms?
Is this suitable for beginners who have no experience with drumming? (No experience but i'm passionate about learning!)
I saw this exact model in Thailand and looked at the plug...it says 100-240Volts. Is this specially made for the US and only runs on 110?
how long are the cords for the pedals? like how many feet?
Is it sensitive enough to be played by fingers? I am just trying to get an idea how sensitive the pads are.
is it set up for headphones?
Hi, I just ordered mine but I'm questioning where are you supposed to play it? Since it does not come with a stand
is there any sort of stand for the Medeli dd305 set?
I just returned Simmons sdXpress2 b/c even w/headphones, I could hear the pads more than the sound of the drums. Is this like that? Is amp required?
Looking for something to support this (maybe a keyboard stand?) Isn't a regular table too high? Any ideas/suggestions?
Hi. Could anyone recommend a stand to use with the DD-305?
Does this item run only on 110v or does it accomdate 220-240v? Is it rechargable? Does ir run on batteries?
do you have more than a manufacturers warranty?
Can you add more music to this and how much room does it have??
Having problems with the sound delay. How can I resolve this? I've got the picture hooked up to the tv w HDMI cable &amp;the sound to my Bose sound bar.
how much ohm is the speaker inside
What amps work great with this sub?
What type of cable does it use to connect to the tuner/amp?
i am looking for a built in amp speaker do you have those?
can this speaker work with a 3000 watts amp
Please what is the weight of the Sub speaker???
Do these subwoofers have the ability to be bridged?
what is the warranty on dj subwoofer speaker/1000w
What is the maximum extent of the mic stand?
where can I buy just the pop filter?
Do you need a speaker?
Where do the headphones plug in?
Does it work with a Mac? Also, what recording program do you recommend?
Would the USB cord be able to fit in my Android phone?
can the mic plug into an amp?
Can the microphone be removed from stand that is in the package and put onto a bigger stand?
How long is the USB cable? I need to know if it is long enough to put the mic on a full-size mic stand. Thanks.
do you have to have recording software?
this comes with a pop filter correct? it says it in the title but it does not say it is included in the details?
will this work with the I-pad?
Do I need Phantom Power for this or just plug into my laptop n go?
how tall is the mic stand
Does this come with the stand shown in the product image? The product description makes no mention of a stand.
is it easy to record right on to a computer? is there any other attachments you need to buy to put the recording into garage band or something?
does it work for window 7 64bit?
Can an audio track be split or shortened?
Will Wavepad 5 work on windows 8.1? Is this the 2015 version?
Will this software work better with a PC or a MAC computer? I'm in the beginning phase and trying to make a music blog. Thanks.
How many computers can this be installed on?
noise editing background easy to use?
Can you vary the volume?
Is there a vibrate feature? I would like to use it for running, but I really don't want to be the "beepy guy."
Is it loud enough to be heard while practicing violin (needs to be louder than the cell phone volume.)
Is the clip big enough to clip onto a guitar headstock?
My boyfriend plugged his headphones into this unit. Now it won't make a sound without them being plugged in. Any ideas?
can you set it to beep every say 10 minutes until stopped
can it flash the tempo?
Dose this capo work well with a Ukelele? Is it built good enough to compensate for the smaller size?
What is material? Steel, aluminum, or plastic?
Is this for electric necks or classical necks?
Has anyone used this with a 12 string guitar?
will this work for a ukulele?
Is this capo made of metal or not?
My son's guitar teacher told him he needs a dunlop capo. . . is this it? (Yes, I'm out of my element, here. :)
Does this work well for a soprano ukulele?
are these or m50's better????
Can these be plugged directly into an instrument?
right ear failed is this a issue with the plug or the headphone
Are the ear cups about the same size as the ATH-M50X? or are these on ear headphones?
do these work with say, a PSP or an Ipod, things like that with the small plug in adaptor?
Are these headphones comfortable for eyeglass wearers?
I have the Razer Kraken. Are these headphones better than the Kraken?
Where are they actually manufactured? Is it China, Taiwan or Japan?
hi how do these stack up to the monster ncredicle npulse? I like the npilse but looking for a bit mire bass... thanks
Has anyone discovered any velour-padded earcushion replacements that will fit these? Something like the Beyerdynamic EDT 250s, except smaller and circular...
Is it for 11 year olds
Is it for a 11 year old
Every one says to get a better mouthpiece. Do I need large or small shank?
Do they make a lyre for a pbone tombone?
I'm left handed could I flip the slide around?
This trombone is tenor?
What is the length of the slide from bell receiver to the end of the slide while in first position?
does it come with any warranty?
What is the size of the shipping container (dimensions)?
What Chakra musical note is it tuned to? Why do the sing bowls not have MP3 file to listen too?
Dimensions?
what is this bowl made of ?
Does this bowl come with the box, cushion and striker (as pictured)? Thank you...
where was this made?
Is there are manual I can download for this product. I am afraid to spend that much money when there is such little information about it.
How long can the USB cable be? UR44 manual says no longer than 3 meters. UR824 manual says nothing. I need at least a 12-foot run.
if it include the Cubase AI software, can I download the retail version (producer edition)?
Is this the retail package? Does it include the Cubase AI software?
How heavy is this thing loaded with pedals? I teach guitar lessons and play in a band twice a week. Will I be able to transport this thing by myself?
I just ordered the grande and a Cioks Chocolate. Will the brackets fit most power supplies or do I need to order a specific size to fight the Cioks?
Hi, Can you tell me if the T.REX Fuel Tank Goliath power supply is compatible with the Pedaltrain Grande board?
Is the velcro included in the package?
Is it compatible with Windows 8 or do i have to download some extra software to be able to use it?
Can it be hooked up to 2 external large speakers? If So, How?
Will this work with virtual DJ software ?????
If I had a MIC set up on this system, would I be able to "edit" or "change" the sound of my voice in real-time, or do I have to make a recording?
How is this unit powered? is it 110/220?
Is this ideal for a beginner?
Does it work with virtual dj 8? (the free version)
does it come with the full pro software like it wont expire
This or the the MIXTRACK 2 ?? be honest, why?
Does this work with virtual dj 8 without needing the pro?
The one picture shows this holding plastic game guitars. Can this hold reg guitar? Would a metal hanger be better?
Will this work for a ukulele? Thank you.
The mounting plate that has four holes also has a lip, is this lip there to provide backwards tilt?
How far does this hanger protrude from the wall? Thanks!
what country was this manufactured in?
Do they need to be mounted to the studs in the wall or not?
Do the arms hang parallel to the floor or do they tilt up so the guitar doesn't slide off? I know its foam coated but I'm still concerned of sliding
What is the inside width of the hooks?
What is height and depth (from wall) of the screw plate? want to know if can mount on wood trim
Hello, I'm trying to order to Puerto Rico but it says it can not be shipped. What can I do?
I have bought this item before and only received the in ear monitor. IS THIS THE RECEIVER AND MONITOR or am I buying the same thing again?
What size is the transmitters audio in? 1/4" or or 3.5mm?
I read that article can not be used with other wireless transmission equipment, I have an AKG wireless sys, you think you may have interference or noi
What size ear piece jack is it on the reciever?
in which country it was made in?
in which country it was made in?
will this work to send from the headphone jack on a guitar amp to a pair of headphones?
should i buy this or buy the LCD version that is 40 bucks more?? what is the difference? sound quality? i will only use this for voice and guitar,?
many people have told me that in order to have individual sound you need a individual transmitter with one reciever the have told me that i canot conect 4 recievers into one tranmsitter and expect to divide them by voices so that way i cant hear any of...
when you put 4 receiver into one transmitter, you can put every receiver in individual transmission so the ca not hear you're voice or vicevesa ?
What will i need to make these lights work? I have no experience with this type of lighting.
Is there a protective plastic coating over the whole strip? It looks kind of like clear shrink tubing...
What is the light output in lumens of these? I will need additional lights but I'm not going to experiment to find out if they're adequate.
HOW MANY WATTS PER FOOT?
Hi, I live in NEw Zealand. We have 240 volt electric. Do you have a comparable adapter available?
Can these be bent around curves (in a sideways direction)?
I would like to buy 5 strip light connected as one. Which power supply I should buy for them? Thanks
I am going to have 4 of these connected as one. What power supply and dimmer do you recommend? These will be set up for use on my Deck.
How does the light strip connect to the 12V DC power supply? I don't see the tail end of the strip in the pictures.
Anyone try attaching these to rollable awning on the side of an RV? Will they roll up with the awning without issue? Do I need different adhesive tape
Do I have to have an older version for this to work?
Will this crossgrade work with my mbox 2 pro (I'm going from 7.4.2 to 10) and will it work on MAC OSX 10.8.5?!
I currently have 8LE, will I lose the ability to run my current version if I crossgrade to 11, or will I have activation for my current system and 11?
Will this work for pro tools express?
will this upgrade work from prorools 7 LE?
I own Pro Tools LE 7.3 and an original MBox. Am I eligible for this upgrade/crossgrade? (I am not planning on using the MBox with PT 11.)
Does this include free upgrades till March 2016?
this upgrade include Pro Tools 10 + 11? thanks
running Digi 002, want to buy crossgrade PT 10 LE, i lok and apogee duet, will this work well with mini mac 2,3 GHz Intel Core i7 4 GB1600
Is there any issues with getting the unused bubble solution out of the machine after each usage? I only use the machine for a couple minutes a night &amp;
Can anyone tell me how many amps or watts this uses, I am considering running this off a small portable ac power supply unit.
I work at the mall and I have a kiosk. I am thinking about getting a bubble machine to help get attention to my kiosk. Can I leave it on all day?
Why is it easy to tip or fluid to spill over?
What is the juice capacity? How many hours will that provide?
Can it work on batteries?
where is this product made?
do you have to use American DJ brand bubble juice or does any juice work
I would like to hear how other owners have cleaned their bubbletron after using it, or if it is necessary to clean the bubbletron.
What happens if bubble solution overflows into the back of the bubbletron where the fan is located while the bubbletron is on?
can you give us the complete model number
Does this play Karaoke programs on DVDs (in addition to CDs, MP3s)?
How can I get a nw microphone. Mine shorted out too much static...KS-886
can you download cd-g's to this. or possably plug in aexternal harddrive? ii just dont want to keepbuying discs.
Does this come with all of the necessary equipment (i.e. microphone, cables?)
does it record?
Does it have a camera? Can you watch yourself singing on the screen, or is the video hook-up just for the lyrics?
If I ran these from the L/R outputs on a mixing board into a single input on an interface would it give an accurate stereo image?
Can you plug two condenser mics into this?
I need to connect both my wireless Mic that has a XLR-F output (to connect to my mixing board) and a wired Mic to the same channel - will this work OK
I am trying to use one microphone to two separate PA amps. Will this work to split the mic into two separate outputs?
I have a L+R XLR outputs on my mixer, and XLR inputs 1+2 on my subwoofer. do I use this splitter to hook up to just input 1? will my JBL 500watt Sub turn the mono input from this into stereo output to my mains?
does it come with an iLok?
I bought this thinking I was going to get a free upgrade to Pro Tools 11. How do I do that?
Does anyone know if this comes with Pace iLok and Activation Card the way it does at Zzounds?
does this work on the OS X yosemite
can i use this with mac book pro os x
is this the full version of pro tools 10? its priced at 250.00
Hi. Is the dvds or the ilok transfer? Thanks!
Is protools 10 compatible with an Audio-Technica AT2035 microphone by plugging it in to my lap tap with a usb cable?
Is protools 11 compatible with an Audio-Technica AT2035 microphone
Are they 10 HD
Does it come with pedal
Where is it made?
Can three pedals work with this?
Is there a soft pedal available, or just sustain?
Does this piano have a Synth setting?
What are the dimensions of this instrument?
Does the digital piano includes a stand and music stand? thx
do headphones come with it?
Does this digital piano have the functon to transpose? And, does the adjustable touch feature have the ability to adjust to feel of a regular piano?
Where can I purchase a compatible Scan card and USB plus USB charger for this model GF827 ? Advise ASAP please!
What are some of the songs on the 300 song free disc? Any old jazz or popstandards?
does it have a doc for iphoe
Where can I find additional music cd's (or whatever) to use? Downloaded app? CD's?
Is it compatible with Ipod touch? It looks like it is used with an older mp3 player on top...
Can this machine be blugged into a tv monitor and external speak?
is the Emerson gf827 the same machine as the karaoke USA gf829?
where is this banjo made
Did this come with a case, or would I have to buy one separately?
Does this banjo have an open or closed back?
I read one of the reviews the Banjo was pictured on box with a arm rest but was not included with his purchase. Is it included?
Does this banjo come set up?
Where do I purchase all Gold Hardware for a TCI TC Style Alston Guitar?
What are the dimensions of the neck thickness? I prefer a thinner neck
how is the quality of wood?
Different kinds of mahogany react different ways to sanding and staining/dyeing and such. What kind of mahogany is used for this guitar?
is soldeering required ?
Ordered this guitar and it came with NO assembly instructions...is that normal. I do not know how to assemble. Help!
how is this shipped, USPS, UPS, etc?
is this an E12 model because Buffet doesn't make E11 Bb clarinet models
does this come in a case
Where was the clarinet made?? Thanks
do you have the actual picture of this clarinet?
I have a Sony DCR-SR65. Does anyone know if this will work that my camera?
Will this channel work in South Carolina?
What's the right channel for my Canon 60D in Tampa, FL?
Will this work with the Panasonic HC-V750K?
How do you get replacement batteries?
Where do i buy a windscreen?
What's the right channel for Los Angeles?
Does it have a headphone jack?
Will these work with Harbinger HA120 speakers
Will these stands hold Fender passport 150 speakers?
I have a Beringer speaker, please confirm if this can fits them...
Is the pole mounting size 36 mm?
Will these stands securely hold my heavier older JBL 15" powered speakers (I'm guessing 50-60lbs. each) ??
any problems with a pair of QSC K12
Do you know if these will work with Kustom 50 PA system?
What material is the sliding coupling that attaches the legs to the vertical tube made off? Also, what material is the tubing made off?
will these stands compatible with Mackie Thump 12 ?
Good morning , all :). Do they fit behringer b208d speakers ? Thank you , David.
i want to hear from violin players. Is it reliable?
how durable is this version? My high schooler has managed to break the ball and socket area of his earlier version snarks.
What is the difference between the SN-8 and SN-2 tuner?
is sn-8 or sn-2 better?
Does it work on a cello?
will this work on a twelve string acoustic?
does this tune a trombone
Just opened the device. It is switched on but it does not react on any tone. it stay always on the first bar. Please advise me what to do. Thanks
I am buying for my son. Does it work for electric guitar?
Is this a chromatic tuner? Does the clamp open far enough, so I could clip it to the body of an Autoharp (at least 1 1/2 inches)?
what is this made of? (Wood? Plastic?)
Includes CD and/or DVD instruction?
Does this mandolin feature an adjustable truss rod?
What kind of strings does this Rogue use? Under the tail piece of mine, without removing it, looks like "ball-end", so I bought a spare ball-end string set. Did I guess right?
Are the instruction books helpful for those with zero experience in stringed instruments? My only musical background is 7 years of piano.
Is there hardware on the bottom of the instrument for a strap?
Does it come with a strap?
It appears this is an A-style Mandolin (not F-style), can you confirm that is what is included in this package?
This is a gift for my wife who works from home. I don't want her to know what she is getting , what does the box look like when recieved from UPS?
does it ship to Canada?
Could you describe the color of the violin body? Some of the pictures look very dark, and some look very yellow
Alright, I'll start with this I have never played violin before and I am looking for something to start with that is of good quality and that can ''grow with me''. I don't want to upgrade for a while. I'm looking at this and a few different 'mv''...
Also, if I get this as I wanna from the reviews I have seen, will it be set up professionally for me? I would really love it..
Does this come with a portable stand or I have to get that separately?
Are the Pegs and Fingerboard made of Hardwood?
Are the bow strings from real horse hair?
My son is an average sized ten year old. Will this violin, 4/4 fit him?
Is this Telecaster made in Mexico? thanks
What is the nut material? Thanks.
Hi, can anyone tell me the nut width? Thank you
Can you fit one of the Ashtray covers on this bridge, or will I be hitting my head against a wall trying to get the accessory on this guitar?
what's the nut made out of?
this only has 21 frets?
Does this come set up and ready to play?
Is made USA?
Is this guitar pretty heavy?
Is there a case included ? If not, do you have a hard case available for purchase? Thanks
There is one like this in the music store near me, and the owner told me that these ae only made in soprano size, not concert size. Is that correct?
Does anyone know what that white thing near the strings on the body and can it be removed without hurting the finish and instrument?
How hard is the card board box? Is it hard enough to avoid the ukulele from breaking whilst it's internationally shipped?
On other sites it says the kit come with a gig bag. No mention on Amazon. Does it come with one or not?
Does the Uke come with an instruction book?
Does anyone know if Les Paul ever actually had anything to do with playing or designing ukes? He certainly liked the high register on his guitar.
are there tenor or bari les pauls?
does this use standard guitar cord for the amp?
Do you need an amp to play it?
Does this ukulele come with 2 strap buttons so that you can use a guitar strap with it?
What wattage can they handle?
Do these have good bass and sound quality?
RMS each?
how much do they weigh?
Is this the begining guitar courses 1-10 it does not say . I am unable to find out anywhere all help is appreciated.
Does this have the same 60 day guarantee the products website has?
Does Amazon offer the 20 dvd version (red box) of Gibsons Learn and Master guitar? if not what is missing in the 10 DVD set that you do offer? What is the major difference? is the 10 dvd set still a good package for the beginner?
I just bought this book, and I realized that it didn't give me the website to download the other compatible pdf file. I don't want to miss learning what is on the other 150+ paged book. Can anyone help me find that website? Thanks!
How many CD's do you get with this Gibson Learn &amp; Master guitar? Is it the 10 DVD's or the 20 DVD's? Looks like 15?
Are the cymbals included in this set? Is this set the appropriate size for an adult?
what brand of cymbals does these come with??
is this just the shells or the whole drum set with the heads and cymbals and stuff?
is there a battery in the back for the pickups?
The tunning keys are plastics or metalic?
how thick are each of the strings
how long is this guitar?
Does the guitar come with a strap?
Is the bass already assembled
What are the dimensions of this item?
What kind of headphone should I use for it?
What can the USB port be used for?
Is there a wooden stand for this piano?
Is there a USB port?
Can this piano also be battery powered?
can this istrument be used with headphones and if which is recommended. Further do I need to purchase a foot pedal and if so what type is recommended
rolandKS-18Z
Why does it says "Fake book"? Where is the "Real" book?
Will this book work with a soprano uke, or only a baratone?
what are the dimensions of this book?
What are the songs in the book?
Can I use this as is or do I need to have another piece of equipment for it to work? Do I just start using with batteries?
Did anyone experience static in the microphone?
Does it come with the 1/4 inch connector or cable (same as the microphone output?) to connect to my Karaoke machine and is that the only output?
can i use this with a stereo system that has bluetooh connection ?
Can I connect this to the Tv? i need something else, cables, connector?
what is the range
What is needed extra to have it connected to tv or iPad?
this work on south america? 220 VOLTS?
Can the receiver be hooked into a sound bar speaker or must I have an amp?
How did you connect this microphone to reciever? Or for that matter also to laptops..the cables are so thick none of the above have that big sockets.
How many discs will it hold?
is there any warranty
can i record a song onto a blank cd
does it have a beat counter?
When you program more than one song how can you eliminate the dead air between songs during playback?
is there any warranty
does this dj mixer has 240v?
Does it have the ability to 'crossfade' from one disc to the other, so two CDs played at same time may each be volume controlled, or blended together by operator?
Can I slow the speed of a song down? I want to use it for teaching dance to Pre-school children.
using a cd Can I lower the singing pitch as desired?
What is the pick up range for this mic?
Will this work with Sony Handycam HD AVCHD? I am really not sure what kind of mic input my camera has- it looks like a standard size- is it possible to get an adapter to make it fit?
Will this work out of the box with an iPhone or is an adapter needed?
what kind of batteries does the transmitters use?
Could I use this as audio input to a video camera? Would it need another device in between? Output jack size? Thanks.
what is the maximum distance on the wireless?
Does this unit have a direct cord that plugs into the wall or does it use an external power adapter? If it uses a power adapter what voltage is it?
The picture shows three mics (headset, clipon and hand held), is that what come with the package?
this is a receiver? does it need speakers
Am considering a GTD Audio G-622HL. Need a compatible amplified speaker suitable for a 25x50 ft mtg room, and need to feed videocam with 1/8 socket
I want to buy this product but not if it comes with all the microphone and audio transmitter at $ 169. having
Does this come with the microphones?
What kind of battery does the remote use?
Can two micro hypnotics be simultaneously operated from a single remote? Thanks.
Why does it say Usually ships in 1 to 3 months.
Is this appropriate for taking on an airplane?
By the dimensions a Yamaha YPG235 should fit but it doesn't. I measure this bag live at 51 x 13 x 5 inches! Anybody know what bag WILL fit a YPG235?
How well would this bag fit the Yamaha NP11 keyboard
Will bag fit a Roland Juno Stage 76 keys?
Will the DGX-305 Portable Grand fit in this bag?
Does it fit on the yamaha dgx 230?
Hi, I have a fragile item that needs a strong padded bag. will it fit inside if it is 40x13x9?
How well would this bag fit the Yamaha NP11 keyboard
Would this fit a 76 Key Korg Triton Pro?
How about the Yamaha DGX-205? (Dimensions of keyboard: (46 1/2 x 16 1/2 x 6)
Does this metronome have a volume control?
Is this made in China?
Does it play at A? (440?)
Would this clip onto a guitar headstock?
does it beat from 110-160 beat per minute?
does the red light at the top flash in time to the beat?
Is it loud enough so that you can clip it to your belt while running and still hear it
Does it have capacity to accent first beat of measure
does it have speakers? to be used without earphones
does it have speakers? to be used without earphones
will it work with ipad air?
would this be suitable to improve the sound of videos of music performances at small venues shot with a cell phone?
does it come with it's own software?
Does it work with android phones like the HTC One?
can it be used with iphone 4?
Will this mic work with an Iphone 3Gs?
can this be used with a nokia lumia phone?
Does it work with Samsung Note 4?
How well does this record car exhaust tones?
Will this work on an Ipod with this connector?
is it a voice recorder or not? can you use it without that black dumbbell looking thing on the top? does that unplug and let you use it as just a digi
Would it work with an iPod nano?
Does it work with and Android device? Thanks
will this work with any phone?
may i put this on my window to isolate traffic noise outside?
What is the size of each panels? In other words, what is the total square footage that a package can cover? Thanks George
Are these easily cut? I'd like to cut these lengthwise and hot glue together to form triangular shapes for bass traps.
In the product details, there's a Proposition 65 warning. Is there anything in the packaging that specifies the potential issue?
For singing videos, is it better to have the iCE or the regular Snowball?
USB real estate is at a premium on my PC. Is there one of these that DON'T plug into USB? That is, it plugs into the regular mic port?
Does this work with ps4 &amp; xbox one?
is it compatible with windows 8
I need a microphone for a Mac computer to do Telemedicine conferences... Any suggestions?
Does this product require any extra power from the computer? For example, I currently have a 650w PSU for my GPU, will this mic have any effect on it?
I hope this does not sound like a stupid question but am i suppose to hear my voice like a normal mic or not?
How long is the usb cable?
should i get a pop filter for this mic
Can you mount this on a regular tripod?
I have an irritating pipe in my wall that is always rattling. Can these be used on my wall for the purpose of effectively blocking that kind of sound?
is this fireproof
What's binding agent to hold the fibers together? I heard it's formaldehyde... I want use this as a cheap hydro growing medium for veggies..
Can you cut it easily using a respiration and circular saw?
Want to place in frame. Will insulation shift in panel? Can some nails be pounded into insulation to stabilize without shredding?
I'm installing an interior wall for a music teaching studio to sound proof from neighbors. will this work as insulation between the drywall? If not, is there something that will?
I want to wrap with cloth to make sound absorbing panels for my living room. Do I need to build a frame, or can I wrap "as is" and use a staple gun?
I can just hang these up as is? I don't have to build a frame for it? Also, how easy are these to cut?
Need to soundproof rental space and want to make portable panels with this. Will it turn my VO studio into a sweatbox? Good for soundproofing?
For Bass traps did any of you use 2 panels together in 1 frame to make a 4" thickness?
is it any good? im a beginner so im not really sure what to expect.
Does the Guitar come pre-set up?
What is the scale length of this guitar?
I noticed a lot of hum when the switch is not in the middle position. Is this by design? What style of music is played with this buzz?
Does this guitar come with the cord to connect it to an amp?
what comes in the box and how does it feel?
what are the actual dimensions, ie: length, hole size and diameter?
Would thise fit on a Logitech headset microphone?
I have a Samson headset , do you think they will work ?
Wii it fit a Shure WH20 headset?
will this fit on the astro a40
Do you know will this fit on a Isomax4
Will this fit an Audio-Technica PRO8HE Headset microphone?
Will this fit a razer kraken pro headset mic? would appreciate a reply soon
will these work with the turtle beach stealth 5oop headset mic
Do they fir the Sena SMH10 motorcycle microphone?
I have an Epiphone Joe Pass emperor II...will it fit in this case?
Would this case fit an Epiphone AJ-220S Acoustic Guitar? IF not this one, which of the Stagg (Tweed style, Gold or Bronze) would fit it best?
Would this case fit a grand auditorium, basically a taylor acoustic
Not all dreadnoughts have identical dimensions. Could you post the interior dimensions? That would be helpful for those interested in this case.
will this case fit a Gibson SJ-200?
Is this the size I need for a Gibson J45?
Does anyone know or can anyone find out what are the INTERIOR dimensions of this case? I'm looking for lower bout, upper bout, depth and overall length. I saw some dimensions listed but can't believe it's a jumbo case with the dimensions listed. I...
foto of rear? XLR outputs?
Will this DAC support/play DSD files?
Can I plug this in a turntable?
Will this DAC output signal both XLR and RCA simultaneously? I'd like to run bi-amp. Thank you!
Since it doesnt come with its own USB cable, will any USB cable work, like the one from a printer? Or does it have to be hi speed 480mbps USB2 cable?
The manual doesnt say if it comes with a USB cord. Does it?
Is this DAC DSD compatible - will it play DSD files in JRiver on my PC?
Is it possible to plug it into european socket (230v) ?
Hello, is it possible to use this DAC with a headphone amp that only have RCA jacks and a CD player together? Thank you.
Is the up-conversion to 192 kHz done only over the usb input or will coax input be up-converted too? Can it be turned off to listen to native SR?
Will this power another speaker? meaning can I hook up a non powered speaker to this speaker and use it as an amp?
is a pair of speaker o is one
I have a Hercules Mixer , can I connect it to the Hercules Mixer ?
Can I connect two of these together with one another?
Would this work well with a Bluetooth enabled laptop?
i have gemini cdm 4000.can i connect it to my gemini icd 4000?
Can I use it as a monitor?
hi i need 2 speaker, i need to know what mixer recomended an the conections.
Does it charge the ipod? if not do you know which one does?
Is this a portable speaker or does it need to be plugged to the wall
I found this in a dormroom cleaning and it does not have a power cable. Anyone know the name of the cable I would needed to plug this into the wall ?
For an outdoor party with electro / bassy music and 75 people, would two of these be considerably better than one? No woofer an issue? Thanks.
Does this need two speakers? or will one be good for some backyard karaoke?
Does this have stereo
Can you connect existing amplifier to these powered speakers?
Can the unit be powered off and on and volume be adjusted with the included remote control from the front of the speaker?
it has left and right stereo can you hear stereo music in it
will this thing play rock and roll and heavy metal stereo and sound real good music
what cable or cables do i need to connect 2 together
do they have a fuse mine just quit?
why does the mic record anything when it is plugged in?
Does It work with A MacBook Air?
Is it good for recording vocals?
Does this work with laptops? And if so does it plug in with USB/ or is it just like a reqular pair of earbuds?
My microphone has static in the backround when I record high quality, but doesn't when I record in lower quality, what do I do?
How do you recharge these batteries without an included power cord?
file error
made in usa&#xFF1F;
Can you connect a 3.5 mm microphone via the line in?
does this product comes with any addition items such as windscreen, hot shoe etc..?
With the included SD card, how long can you record for on one full battery charge before you run out of memory or battery?
Can I record two separate tracks at once? For example, I have two mics pointed at two separate people in an interview.
Can you record from a mixer output into this? I am recording a play and they will have a mixer for the microphones with an output.
what memory card does dr-100 use?
how do i transfer audio file from dr 100 mkII to apple imac to edit and email
How many songs will it play at one time? For instance at a dinner party. Will it play a long time?
Do the keys "play" along/track the action?
Does it have the wear headphones/plays silent in the room feature?
how the package arrives?
how does this piano sound?
Where can i download music to play back from the SD card
about dimensions of the box...
what is the width, length and height of the piano? does it come with a bench? how much assembly? Just legs?
Are the keys weighted?
Do the ear buds fit well and stay in while running and sweating?
Is there a mic on this?
are these bluetooth
how does it compare to the LG Tone
can i swim with it?
warrranty?
The description says it comes with two booklets, instruction and Zelda, but I only see one book pictured. Does it come with two?
Is it a good plastic ocarina?
Is this made in China?
Can I play the theme song to Ocarina of Time on the ocarina?
What key does it play in?
does it come with the neck strap?
does it come with two
does it sound like in the video game?
box: Does it come with the box in the pic?
Can I play Saria's Song (Lost Woods) with this 12 holes Ocarina?
Is the irigMIDI compatible for the iPhone 5s? Or will I need to purchase another adapter?
which irig will work with an android phone
Does this have midi and USB inputs?
Does this product work with IPad air?
How long of a bow will this case accomodate? I purchased a new bow for my daughter and it will not fit in her current case.
Is it true that i have to disassemble the chin rest to make it fit in the case??
One of the comments was that the chin rest has to be detached. iS this true???
I bought violin case online and I found the instrument space is small than my violin (4x4 size) ! So can you tell me what the exact inside dimensions?
What Casey's measurements? Height, width, length and weight pound?
are the keys weighted at all? touch sensitive?
Please does this come with an AC/DC adapter?
is this a 5 octave keyboard?
Is an A male to B male USB cord included?
Can you confirm Romanji is supported?
Do you NEED to know Japanese? I know very little but IA is one of my favorites and I would like to start off with this. I know most Hirigana. Forgot to add, do you need to buy a program for the instrumentals? Or do you download them. Sorry if it's a...
Is the software in english?
Can you only download this once? I tried to reinstall but it doesn't seem to work.
Can you buy IA without the Editing Tool or is it required to use her?
Does the Starter pack come with a full Vocaloid 3 editor, or is this a stripped down version?
Does this product work on the 120volt side and will it work with led puck lights
What is correct? It's controlled only by a low volt switch on the output, or you can also choose to use a 120VAC dimmer on high volt side?
What happens if this gets overloaded? Too hot and burns up?
My transformer stopped working after I accidentally shorted the DC output. Is there a fuse in it or some how to reset it?
I installed this transformer with the HitLights Warm White Double Density 600 LEDs Flex strip and now I get a strobe effect. what is the max footage?
What are the physical dimensions of this transformer?
Will this work with an LED dimmer on the Line voltage side like Lutron DVLV-600p rather than the output 12v side?
Is the information here wrong about this transformer? It mentions "controlled by low voltage dimmer". I thought it was controlled by a 120V dimmer.
Are there pre-made connectors to attach the Insteon 2457D2 plug-in lamp dimmer module(leading edge) and SMD5050 5m 300 LED strip(trailing edge)?
Last question.... Can I wire more than one LED strip light into this transformer (trying to avoid running them in series AKA end to end) that will be under 150v
How do i connect multiple LED strips together in series to the magnetic transformer? LED strips have 5mm DC Jack on one side /2 wires on the other
Do I need a 150w or 300w for 3 of these double density light strips?http://www.amazon.com/gp/produ...
What size is it?
How long is the warrantee?
Will this work... 120 v Magnetic dimmer - TO - this magnetic transformer - TO - LED under cabinet lighting, and be able to dim using the dimmer?
I am trying to find an Occupancy Dimmer switch that is compatible with this Transformer. Will Cooper Model #OS106D1 work?
What are the dimensions ? Real important on all your submittals. Thx
Does this transformer hum or make any noise at all? I want to ensure it is quiet.
Need clarification... the images shows 2 Single Ear Hooks &amp; 2 Lapel Mics but the title only refers to the Single Ear Hooks. What's included?
Are the headset mics single ear hooks that fit on one ear and does not have to be placed over your head? Like this product: B008FTJ4XW?
I ordered the GTD Audio G-622S with 4 clip-on wireless sets (2 by default and 2 extra) and facing two problems : 1) The rxA channel is not recognizing any microphone. rxB is is working 2) The product is indicated to support upto 20 microphones...
does the transmitter uses 9v or AA batteries?
What type of connector does the mic use? Can I get a cord to run from my guitar to the transmitter?
do these lights have two positive and negative ends
what is the total length??
Can you cut them to length?
Do the strips come with conectors installed. If not which connectors are needed?
Do you have these in black light color water proof
How many amps does this draw?
these are sound active yes? so if I just flip them on, they should cycle through the colors without dmx hook up?
Hello. Do these little lights have a cooling fan inside. If so, are they noisy or quiet? Thank you in advance!!
Can these run only on white light
what is the throw of the mega tri?
What is the best controller for 4 of these lights?
Will this product work in Australia with the Australian voltage of 240 volts? Thanks
I want to know if the mixer brings all cables or have to buy them separately for connecting to speakers and computer?
How does this compare to the DDJ-SX? I know its cheaper. Im looking for an upgrade from my DDJ-SB and I want a 4 chan mixer
I can get one of these used for 200. Would this be better than ddj-sb and mixtrack 2 pro?
Does it have and integrated audio interface?
how to properly hear the next track I want to mix in the headphones? Unless I am doing something wrong, I can't seem to be able to hear it...
Can't hear the next track in the cue on my headphones, why? I am new to this mixer, but need to know, so I can mix right
Amazon: witch country do you guys send it from?
can I mix music from a usb chip
Is it working with virtual dj le, traktor and serato software?
can i use serato on it ?
can i change an existing wall switch to a dimmer switch to supply power to the low voltage led ribbon lights
Does it come with White PCB now? as I tried few months back and I kept getting gold.
which transformer is recommended for the led 3100 ribbon lights and if i use a dimmer which is perferred
Can these be hard wired? What would I need to purchase to do this?
Does this product include Pro Tools 10? I need protools 10 right now, and I think I will need a upgrade to protools 11 someday.
Does it come with the cd for instalation?
I'm not a student, can I buy it?
its the 10 hd version?
If this product includes a license for both Pro Tools 10 and Pro Tools 11, can I opt to just download Pro Tools 10?
Does this come with the ILok device?
Once you provide proof and get the number, dd you download the program or is it sent to you in a box?
What proof is required? Is a college ID number sufficient?
Hello, I was wondering if your copy comes with the ilok and can I still register myself as if I had bought it new?
What pc laptop should I get to produce music with Pro Tools?
This is the V.2?
I am trying to decide between the THR10 and the THR10x. I play mostly late-80s type stuff, with some classic rock thrown in. Which would be better?
What is the difference between this amp, and the THR5-10, advertised for $199. Do they sound similar?
I assume I can play an acoustic guitar with the THR 10, OR..would I be better off with the THR 5. Can eitther of these handle a foot pedal?
is it 110V. only or 110V.-220V.?
Does this amp support an electric bass? would it sound good with it? normally a guitar amp shouldnt be used with a bass. Thanks
I don't see a second channel to hook up a mic? Am I correct?
anyone know the headphone jack size for this amp?
Would this work for playing blues harp using high impedance, omnidirectional, dynamic microphone such as a Shure Green Bullet?
Has anyone used the THR5 or THR10 on their PC to play Rocksmith or Rocksmth 2014 in place of pc speakers?
Does everything use the same wifi frequencies because they're "unlicensed" ?
Will the NAD DAC 1 as shipped by Amazon work in a country with 220 volt AC?
What is the voltage rating and power consumption?
How are the sounds in this unit? Are they realistic or cheap sounding? What sounds does it have?
Are the keys weighted? Do they feel like a "real "piano?
Is there a music stand with this?
Does this model have buttons for different sounds like organ, horns, violins? If so about how many different sounds are available?
Does the Yamaha YPG-235 have an out-put to play it through an amp or sound system?
Does it include a sustain pedal?
When you record what you are playing what format does it record - does it record as an mp3 or a wav file or what?
What does this model record, i.e. mp3, wav etc. and can you download to any computer operating system such as Windows 7?
Are the keys weighted or just have the sensitivity option?
Does the single X-style stand adequately support this keyboard? If not is there a better recommentation.
Can u use serato with this controller
Will this come with the Virtual DJ software?
Do you guarantee that I will not pay any post office customs charges as my location is in Europe?
We can't find the serial number on the Denon DJMC3000 DJ Controller. Can you tell me where it is?
If I buy this item from Amazon, will I get the 1 year warranty?
We bought this item and received today. Tried to enter in the serial number and it states it is invalid. Why is it telling me this?
Is this a downloadable version?
is this software compatible with windows 7 and 8?
Is this competitive with Sony's SpectraLayers? Tried out the Sony program and is confusing as heck! Is Melodyne easier and more straightforward? Have not trialed out yet.
Is there have CD's with Celemony melodyne editor 2
1. is this compatible with OSX? 2. does this software comes in CD format? 3. can you install this on a macbook air 11 which doesn't have a CD drive? 4. can you also use the same CD to install it on a PC/Windows?
I used these with a "water resistant" 5050 cable, why did only the blue LED wire connect properly?
Are these for RGB or RGB plus white? I don't see it in the description anywhere but one of the pictures looks like a 5 wire.
how do you install
I have a 6' framed wall mirror that sits out from wall a bit. Can I tape them around most of perimeter just underneath the outside edge for indirect?
Anyone know what awg these wires are. I am looking into options to extend. Sprinkler wire is 18, phone is 24.
Hi, is this a 10MM connector?
Will these work with a waterproof 5050 strip. This is an indoor app.
What is the length of each cable ?
lightning
does it support lightning
Would this work okay with iPad or iPhone for interviewing 2-3 people sitting at a table ?
Can I use this to record both sides of a Skype call? If so, what app would you recommend?
is this the best mic to use with iMovie? I don't get sufficient volume with iMovie on my laptop
Does the MiC work with the iPad apps "Beatmaker 2" and/or "Tabletop?" I am wanting to buy it specifically to use it with one or both of these apps.
Can it be used for other pcs with window os?
Are there any latency issues(while recording/monitoring) with the ipad and iphone if one records on Garageband ?
Can I use the iPad speaker output to monitor my recording swith earphones?
Is this a good mic for doing voice over recording?
will this fit a epiphone wildkat?
anyone know if this will fit a Dean Michael Amott Tyrant X Splatter Electric Guitar?
Anybody know if this'll fit a Classic Player Jazzmaster?
need to restring for left handed playing, is this going to expand the intonation range enough when the strings are reversed?
would this be able to fit an epiphone sg?
Is there a difference in the width at base , Nashville V.S. Mighty mite that I have now ..
"Visual metronome" - does that mean it doesn't make any kind of tone? I'd like to hear a beep or something...
which snark tuner is the best
Can this device be used to tune a piano?
what kind of battery does it use? Is one included?
How comfortable is the seat? If I am going to spend hours on it I like it cushy.
What is the size of the storage area?
Does the color match the product photo? Our piano is made of Mahogany and is more redish than black like some walnut appears.
Why "digital"? Can a BENCH be digital? Assuming it could work with any piano. Right??
will it work with Casio 76 electric keyboard
Are those black footpads optional?
I noticed it has rubber on bottom of legs. Are these removable?
Will this body pack work with the 788 series?
Can I connect the two hand-held wireless microphones and the body pack at the same time to the G-733H Receiver?
I've seen these advertised w/ both condenser and dynamic mics. Does anyone know what type of mic, and polarity pattern, for the lavs included w/G-787?
will any mini xlr lapel microphone work with this body pack?
body pack to suit shure PG4 COMPATABLE FOR VOCALS
does this pack work together with the 4 mics or replaces one of the l mics when used together. ie mics from the G 787 4 mic set
does this come with both a lavaler and a headset mic?
Is this compatible with the 788H system also?
Does this system work with 9volts battery or AA ?
so with this purchase I would also need to purchase a G-787 or G-733 Receiver right?
can i connect it to a serato mixer and record music like a pionner player?
have rca imput this gemini 250
Supports 220V? Thanks!
Do you have to buy a separate cable to connect guitar to computer?
Can you record your playing with this amplifier. If so, how
So is it a pure, tube only amp, or is it partially digital also, what's the deal w/ that?
Will the line out work with my headphones?
I have a Fender GDEC-3, through which I'm able to play the backing tracks downloaded on my computer (MP3) and YouTube. Can I do same with this amp?
How loud is it?
will this amp get me close to the sound of the beatles around 65-67?
Which is the newest model... The Super Champ X2 or XD, and what's the difference between 'em? Thanks.
Is there an aux input? Or a way to connect iphone or mp3 players?
is it good 4 jazz
Is there any adapter to use this with the newer iphone with the smaller pins. Has anyone used it with the Iphone5
How do you charge at the same time while playing? I don't see anyway.
Will it work with a Bluetooth speaker connection?
Where was this guitar made?
How is the action on this guitar. Would you recommend it as a beginner guitar? For someone with just average or smaller size hands ?
Is the tremelo always on or isut switchable?
Comparing Blacktop Strat HH to HSH. Q on pickups. On the HH, you can select both humbuckers at once. On HSH, you can't. Does this matter? If so, why?
i m thinking on getting this strat but what would you recommend to mod it? locking tuners?nut?because i use the trem a lot
Hi This guitar is standard 1/4 output jack???
what is the weight of the guitar?
does this guitar come with a case?
does this guitar come with a case?
Can this thing sit easily on a desktop for use without a full sized mic stand?
how does this compare to an actual studio?
Can the mountings be changed to hang this from the top? I am considering a mod to an adjustable [monitor/projector] ceiling mount to save floor space.
Where is it made? Thanks.
Does anybody know what time of microphone stands work best with this product? I wouldn't want to buy a mic stand that wouldn't support the product.
Is it possible to attach this to a boom mic stand?
I have a sound booth, can this shield help with the "boxy" sound I sometimes get if I sit back from my condensor mic?
My mic stand isn't compatible with this reflection filter...ugh is there a way to convert it or do I need to buy another stand
So what does this weigh? It says 2 pounds. But the shipping weight says 8.2 pounds. So it ships with 6.2 pounds of cardboard and air?
i have a dynamic mic and mic stand already is this compatible with what I have?
does it comes with a power supply
Are The Keys Really As Sensitive Damage As The Reviews Say? Cuz The Good reviews Don't Even Mention The Sensitivity. Does It Work With Fruity Loops 10
How would you rate the four touch pads? Do you have to really hit them hard, or are they fairly responsive to touch?
Will this work with Apple Logic Pro X
does it work with ipad
Do I have to load the Abelton Lite that comes with this, or can I use Abelton Lite that I already have loaded on my PC. Is there anything special?
The description for this keyboard says it has "Eight faders perfect for adjusting volume or synth parameters". I only see one. Is that a misprint?
Does it work with Windows 8?
does it work with finale? i read a review stating that when inputting chords of 3 or more notes, only some of the notes appear (in finale).
i cant get it to work with the software it came with and any other software. How do i get it to work?
One of the pictures shows multiple programmable sliders above the keyboard that don't appear in any other picture. Are they present or not? Thanks.
Does the keyboard work like a normal keyboard when not hooked up to anything?
Anyone know if the 3.5" height that Amazon lists is accurate? Can't find dimensions listed anywhere on the internet.
Does this come with a power cord/adapter?
are the keys weighted? touch sensitive?
Any latency (keys slow to respond) when using it with a sequencing program?
Does it work with Fl Studio?
Do you need to download a disk in order for it to work with programs or can you just plug it in and it will work?
Do you need to download a disk in order for it to work with programs or can you just plug it in and it will work?
Does this keyboard work with Finale Allegro?
I have never gotten to play a keytar so I have a few questions. 1. Does this product have different sounds on it? Like different instruments?
Can the touch sensitivity be removed
can i hook it up to an amp
Does it come with an AC adapter?
Does this keytar have a output for sound system? To play live at venue
can i hook it up to an amp
Thinking about purchasing the Alisis Vortex keytar but have no experience with a midi connection to my Yamaha MM8. Is this a difficult proceedure?
Is there a left handed one?
does it work with Garageband via the iPad? Is there an adapter needed that isn't provided?
Question 2: Does this product come with proper casing?
is this capable of sampling your own sounds? what does it do other than a midi controller like the akai mpd 32?
How can I hook it up to a sound system ( amp or PA system ) for instance for live performance ?
Has anyone had trouble entering the Akai Proffesional serial number to set up the software? The software will not accept the serial number
I'm running a Macbook Pro with a Novation 49 Key Midii controller and I want to know if this Controller is compatible with it and Logic Pro X?
Does this come with any sequences / patterns? I do create my own but I am just curious if there are any included with the software.
Everytime I try to install the software it doesn't work. It just will not install. What gives?
can you manipulate a sample or beat with this MPC? can you also chop beat/sample? and what makes this different from the MPC 2000XL?
Does this come with the power cord and usb cable for the computer?
Does it come with a bag?
can you use the mpc studio on windows xp
is it easy to learn how to use this machine since i am going to start making beats for the first time
how much would shipping be to New zealand be? and does this come with the required software to run this thing?
Can this take the place of an interface for my studio mic? If so how many stars would it receive in that category?
is 120GB good enough to run this program without a problem on my macbook pro?
Will it work with a PC that's 64 bit?
Do you need to pair this with a computer to use it, like a Maschine, or can it be used stand-alone not connected to a computer like the old MPC's?
does the power supply come in 240v? as i need it for the middle east. And will it lag if i use it with a laptop with 2gigs, Celeron, win7?
does this work with fl studio?
is the software included in the box?
Is this machine MPC 3000 and if I buy it will I have problem with its memory capacity (9 GB) at any point?
Will this unit and the Algoriddim app work with the first generation I pad 1?
Would the iPad air fit in it?
would i able to play songs form internet or you tube if i don't have that in my itunes.and if I have wifi access.
Does this have separate cueing output, as in, can I queue deck 2 in my headphones while sending deck 1 to main output?
Hey I bought it recently and it won't connect to my IPad mini with iOS 7.1 and I'm using an Apple lightning adapter. Any help? Thanks!
would this work with the new djay 2 app?
Can you add an external hard drive. Add to itunes library? Need more space my Ipad has only 16 gig's.
Will this work with an iPad 4th generation (128 GB with Lightning connection)? I don't want to use an adapter
How can I hook up 2 microphones to this? They would need to work at the same time, like for karaoke.
Is this controller IOS 7 compatible
Is this compatible with other Traktor based products like the T1 controller or do the native instrument accessories only work with the s4/s2?
Does 4TRAK support OS X Maverick?
Does this work with versions of Traktor other than the included "4 Trak Edition"?
I mix music videos as a pose to reg music tracks: Does the Traktor Pro support all the video formats like Virtual DJ?
is the mixer powered or passive
Also, what cables come with this purchase? e.g. usb connector to computer, rca's..etc
Is the item available with dual voltage switch for both 110v240v ? or will i need to purchase a voltage converter?
What type of Warranty does this come with? Does it come with the World Wide 1 Yr manufacturer warranty?
Does this come with the 1 year Numark manufacturer warranty or any other warranty?
What comes with this purchase? Just the unit? The unit + cables? The unit + the cables + the software?
Will this fit TRAKTOR S2 + Descksaver? Thanks!
What are the dimensions of this case? The description says 2 x 2 x 2....Thanks!
how heavy is it? In shipping info it states 14.1 pounds.
Will this fit iDJPro?
will this fit a numark mixdeck express
Can this case protect my Newmark Mixtrack Pro?
Hi, is this item compatible with Focusrite Scarlett 2i4 USB Audio Interface?? I want to record on my mac also.
Does it come with a XLR cable to connect to a Focusrite Scarlett?
If I get this what else what will i need to get to record on my mac, will i need to buy a recording interface to go with this and thats it?
What is the connection for this microphone? 3.5mm, 6.35mm?
What does this need to plug into to record. I thought this was a recording package but it appears to be just the microphone.
does it come with a usb cable that i can use to plug into my mac?
i have a macbook pro, can i plug this mic strait into the computer?
Can you directly attach the shock mount to the tripod base stand or to any microphone stand?
Is this a good voice-over mic for a female with a higher pitched, airy type voice? Read it was the "poor mans" Neumann but mostly men posted feedback
Will an Audio Interface (such as the Apogee One) be enough to record onto my Mac?
Can this be powered by plugging directly into the wall?
Is there a carrying case that I can purchase for this speaker?
Hello, Amazon claims that the dimension of this item are: 14.6 x 11.6 x 8.2 inches. Is this correct??
I didnt see any questions about the bass. Does it have nice bass to it?
Can you plug in an Ipod touch directly into it? Or do you need a cable? Thank you.
Would this be loud enough for a zumba class in a small gym?
This item just arrived and the box says EIGHT HOURS of battery life. The description online says 50 hours. Which is true? Should I return? thanks
Can you use the older generation iPod by plugging it in to the earphone jack?
this is advertised as having a 50 hour battery life. with bluetooth on, what is your experience?
whats a good size comparison to this product
Recommendation for headphones and speaker purchase to go with this?
Maybe a noob question, but using iphone 3GS with ios6 and this instrument, do i need a set of speakers for output??
can we hook up external speakers
Are you able to save the tracks that you produced using this?
Does it work with ios 7.0.3 version?
Hello Users of ION Audio I DJ! I want to know if I can also plug this one to my computer (sony) and use it? or it is only for ipod touch, ipad &amp; iph
Does this unit have a stereo output?
My seventeen year old son is really into music and this looks like a great Christmas present. Will this unit work with any brand of Ipad?
is this compatible with ipad mini 1 generation?
will it work for the ipad mini
I am going to purchase this juke for my hubby as a Christmas gift. can someone tell me what adapter I need to buy to go with this? We have an I phone 5 and a I pad 2 thanks for the help
does it have a cd player
speaker quality
With my ipad2 can I play slacker or pandora playlists on this jukebox or is it just for iTunes?
Does a regular size iPad fit or only iPad mini?
The description says this is wireless. Is it bluetooth?
Does this have a spot for a line in cable to plug in an mp3 player?
ac adapter
looking for jupe box for iphone five?
does it charge your ipad
There are new laws passed in the last year that deal with frequencies that can be used by churches etc - do these conform to the new law?
Which speakers can I buy that would be compatible with the mics?
Can I use a Y splinter on the 1/4 plug out to connect the back of the receiver having a s speaker type conector
tried using a 40 amp volume is very low also tried receiver same result very low volume the plug in rear notice little lose not firm ttight
Which is the maximum distance I can use this Micro?
Is microphone recharge able ?
Could you please provide the model of these microphones.
Is this system still working for you? If so, how long have you had it for? I want to get this system for my church.
I have two of these and they both are running on the same frequency, can i change one? If not, can i use two mics on the same frequency?
Is this a variable frequency or not?
how do you get the wireless mics to work that come with the unit?
Using multiple wireless microphons: Does anyone know if you can use multiple wireless microphones with this unit?
Can I operate this off AC power as well as DC ? Or do you need to operate it off the Battery alone ?
The treble and bass are for the music or for the mics?
Can I Plug in a wireless speaker system to it? to have wireless speaker setup outside for pool audience? C2G / Cables to Go Audio Unlimited Premium
Does it record the performance? I mean vocal+music-guitar/Aux input/karaoke?
Will the system be adequate for: 1) a banquet with 150 guests? 2) a meetng of 75 people with the speaker on the floor in front of the podium?
does it have enough power to run a electric piano thru it / has anyone used it to play a electric keyboard?
would this work to amplify a bass guitar instead of using a bass amp?
does this unit come with a mike stand? can we take out the battery when we use the ac plug?
I can't get the speakers to work with my Android device; it neither pairs for bluetooth capabilities or work with a jack. Any help?
Will it pick up 50 feet away
can i connect more mics to it? Does it have more inputs?
can i connect a computer to it for sound
I need to be able to play music in 2 rooms at once. Can you hook up additional speakers to the system?
are there 2 mics or one and a headset?
Can you use the two mic's at the same time?
Hello. What is included in purchase? does it come with carrying case?
I did not get any written instructions with my Hohner Performer 37. What are you supposed to do to drain the water after playing it.
Besides the number of keys, what is the striking difference that has the 32HM priced in the mid-$300s and this 37 key Performer at under $75?
Does it have piano size keys
Can someone compare this to the Yamaha PD37 in terms of quality of tone and accuracy of tuning?
Compared to other melodicas in the same range, is the tone of this harsh and brighter, or is it more mellow?
Can it be played one handed on the keys?
I am considering purchasing a Melodica for my boyfriend who has expressed interest in them. Would this model be a good pick for a beginner?
Hi! I am from India(Chennai). If I purchase the product now when can I expect it to be delivered?
What is the proper pronunciation of 'melodica'? Soft 'o' (as in 'nod') doesn't sound right somehow.
can you listen to both cds at the sametime
can i plug in a mic
Can u hook up a drum machine to it does it have midi?
can you run virtual dj with this
Does this come with songs / a cd?
can i add a microphone?
Can the sound (music &amp; voice) be heard through the TV?
Can this work with karaoke songs from YouTube?
Do I need to connect it to the TV? If I don't want to see the lyrics, could I just play the song without tv?
How much does it weigh?
how many cable it have
Hi, I need to know if this price is for single speaker or pair (as appears on picture), Thanks!!
Goodnight is 12 or 10 inch 800 watt or 1000 watt?
are these sold as a pr or solo
does the speaker have a built in amp?
For How many mic does it have?
do you have deliveri in russia
good evening, how many horns are?
Hi. I was checking this out on the manufacturer's website and this said it was 1,000 watt instead of 800 that you show. Which is correct?
Can this be used for Karaoke?
What cable do I Need to be able to connect this speaker with my cd numark mix 2? Currently i'm using rca (red &amp; white cables) can i use xlr cables?
Is this bluetooth? I don't see where it states
can you hook up another speaker to it?
Any remote control issues? My speaker arrived yesterday, and the remote doesn't seem to be working (even replaced the battery)
is wireless?
Can you plug in an external subwoofer unit to this speaker?
Can I play a Yamaha MX61 keyboard through this speaker
can I plug a usb mic in
Are these good DJ speakers? and do this come with the cables
Does it comes with 2 speakers or the price is only for one?
Can a second pyle pro speaker be hooked up to the first one? If so, which output &amp; input would I use?
does it have a usb port
can i use this as a bass amp
does it come with a internal battery
can i hook this up to my laptop or tv?
Has it to connect microphones?
can you use the mic input and L-R line in simultaneously?
Could I just plug an XLR mic into this and then use it as a vocal monitor?
Is this a good speaker to use to play my keyboard through? iam a musician and I play at churches that seat about 200-500......please help, thanks
does it play fm raido stations
If I want to plug in an auxilliay device (such as a phone using the headphone jack) with a 1/8 inch mini plug is this possible?
can a remote be used with this at all???
How many hours of play time???
Does the Echo Feature apply to just the microphone channel, or does it effect all the channels at the same time? Thank you.
Can you use more than 1 microphone at the same time?
Where do I get a power cord and how come it doesnt come with it?
can the Delaylab deliver the classic Hank Marvin sound ?
Does it affect the tone of my other pedals ? like a multi effect :S
is true by pass ?
Is this pedal capable of some "ping pong" (stereo) delay effect?
are they uhf and have a selectable freqency
Is the plug/adapter compatible with 220-240 voltage? I want to buy this and use it in EU area.
What amplifyer to you recommend for this product?
The set has a good sound, but ours components is fragile aparently.
does this unit come with the 1/4 cable?
How many frequencies are available? Can you use two sets for a total of four microphones?
I need specific frequency - can you specify diapason of frequency for this mics?
I need specific frequency - can you specify diapason of frequency for this mics?
Excuse me wath batery use?
I bought this pair of mic. One worked fine but the other one was noisy when I turned it on. is this normal ?
Can you use the microphone and the instrument pack at the same time or only separate times?
What type of connector is on the instrument pack can it take an AKG headworn microphone or is it a 1/4 inch connector?
Are you able to change the channel on these, or are they on a fixed frequency channel?
it have the shoulders straps?
does this bag fits a Moder Player Jaguar?
Hi. I am thinking of buying for my son's fender squier elec guitar, do you think it is a good fit?
Will the Fender Stratacoustic fit in it? (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00...
Does it have large outer pockets as described? if so, how large?
Does a Fender Starcaster Semi-Hollowbody Electric Guitar fit in this? Thank you!
Will this bag fit a Fender Squier Bullet Strat?
does this bag fit an ESP ltd phoenix?
My fender guitar is 39 by 13. Will this bag fit?
My fender guitar is 39 by 13. Will this bag fit?
Does this device connect to amplefiers od PA gear?
how to use this as a voice processor/effects? I saw someone do that once live, I did not get a chance to see how
Do you prefer the kaossilator 2 over the kaossilator 1?
Is ther a way to apply effects to the input or mic input?
Is the tascam dp 24 easy to use or do I have to read the manual back, and forth ,over and over ? I bought a boss and was way to complicated ! I'm not a recording engineer ! Just a guitar player who wants to record some songs Thank You, Fred
Does the DP24 allow you to import wav files? I have a lot of existing tracks from my old 8 track Fostex that I would like to import and add to.
does this come with instruction manual and power plug.
Can you save out each individual mic input as it's own wav file? Or can you only output mastered mixdowns of all the tracks combined?
Does it come with a USB cable? What is the most suitable SD card for the Tascam DP - 24?
What's a decent mic to use to pick up a guitar amp to the DP24? I understand using a mic is probably better than using the line out from an amp.
Can this record at least 4 XLR condenser mics and send them to my computer on separate tracks?
Can anyone address the long term reliablility of these recorders?
Does the DP-24 allow you create a mix (combining all of the tracks) to a wav file on the SD card (if cd writer fails) or does it have to go to CD
I am having trouble accessing the master mode. I have the multitrack and mixdown but it wont go to mastering. What can I do?
Will it work with first generation iPod?
Will this work on iphone4 running ios 7.0.1? Thank you.
I bought it to pair with my iPod Touch 32gb 4th gen but it doesn't work. Is there a workaround?
What adapter can be successfully used to connect this to my iPhone 5s?
This item stopped working with my iphone 4s after iOS upgrade last year. Will it work with the latest iOS on 4s?
Will it work with the iphone 5?
will this device work with basic IPhone video recorder app?
Why I used im2,it can only record few seconds?
Will it work with iOS8?
What is the difference between the iM2 and the iM2W?
What is the difference between this and the Sojing 020A-U? Anything more than cosmetic?
What is the quality of sound when hooked to an amp? I love the look-- but in the end game it's all about sound. : )
Is the fretboard wider than the Sojing 020A-U?
Can you detach the two pieces on the side that make the outline of a guitar body? so it will be just a fret board?
How many inches is this end to end? Thx.
will this work to replace my discontinued adaptor model PA-6?
The standard voltage in Singapore is 220V/240V. Can I use this in Singapore?
Will this work with the DGX -500?
I have a yamaha p-60 piano will this worrk for that model?
Hi, I am looking for two adapters for my Yamaha Mie-2xg keyboards. Will this be compatible?
Does this fit the Yamaha P-70 (which requires positive polarity)
Can anyone tell me if the OEM Yamaha PA-3B is compatible with my Yamaha PSR 270 Keyboard? Thanks for all your help! Timothy J Burns
I thought this adapter was supposed to work with Yamaha dgx-220. I plugged new one in and no power. Still works on batteries. Any suggestions?
Will this work with Yamaha DGX-220 which requires PA-5D adaptor?
Will this work with a Yamaha PSR_GX76 keyboard?
Any one that owns this and has a hard shell case can you tell me what you are using or give some recommendations for a guitar case please.
what is country of origin?
Is this guitar available in left-handed models
Will this work on iPad air with an adaptor?
Is there an adapter for the iPad 4?
Plug into my usb on windows 8 ?????
Does that work with a good ole iPad 1st Gen ? And how badly is the flimsiness of the neck, please?
if you have a protective case on your Ipad -do you have to removeit?
Will this work with iPhone5?
does this work with iphone 3?
will it work with a macbook?
guitar includes the iPad ?
Will this work for left-handed guitar players?
I sing using background music. Can I use my iPhone and plug in a mic for use at the same time?
I am starting a dance class for 20 people, will this be loud enough? Room is 600 sq ft
Does this speaker come with a remote?
Also, can someone tell me if the outlet is 3 point and 2 point? Does set up take time or is this just plug in and connect via bluetooth?
How well does the speaker function outside with the hot sun beating down on it? Will it overheat easily due to the sun and power use?
110v or 220v?
It have a rechargeable battery? or you need to plug it into the outlet all the time?
Does It have the switch between 110V to 220V? I live in Europe and its crusial for me. Thanks
How would I use a wireless headset mic and what would be compatible?
If I connect a microphone via XLR to the primary speaker, will it send the microphone audio to the stereo speaker?
Is there any difference between these headphones and the one's sold directly by Amazon?
Does this kit come with a carrying case?
As a somewhat hard-of-hearing older lady, I want tV headphones that give volume + great concert sound. Is the amp necessary to get normal TV volume?
Are these brand new and sealed headphones? In original packaging?
Apparently some people are receiving the E5 rather than the advertised E6. I also know that counterfeit FiiOs run rampant. Is the amp legit?
The description clearly states the amp model is an E6, but the photos depict an E5. Please clarify which it comes with
Are these headphones collapsible?
is the cord detachable from the headphones?
do the headphones come with a warranty?
How long the coiled cable ?
I ordered this item. but did NOT receive any Chromacast picks with my item. I received a business card with 'picks" printed on it. Where are my picks?
Has anyone used this to tune a 5 string Banjo? Any others work with a Banjo?
Is this an "all string instruments " tuner? Ukes included?
which snark tuner would we use for a kids box guitar?
would I be able to tune my flute
What picks arrived with your order? Alternatively, why does it say Planet Waves picks are provided when the images show ChromaCast picks?
Does this work with ukuleles?
Does it have a metronome function?
what kind/size battery does this take and do they last long?
Is this bigger than the Ns Planet waves micro tuner?
Does this ukulele come with Aquila strings? Thank you!
The color looks fairly light in the picture. Does it vary among the individual ukuleles? I love this exact one but I'd like a dark wood color
makes delivery to Brazil, which the shipping amount?
what is the total length of this uke?
Solid mahogany? Geared tuners?
Whar are the dimensions of this ukulele, it is listed as 20.5 inches which is the length of a soprano not a tenor ukulele
So, this is SOLID, right? Not laminated?
Which brand strings would you recommend best to change strings?
Do you ship to PO boxes and APOs?
are the strng by defaut good? is it better with aquila strings?
Does the price include a gig bag?
- Is the Uke durable?
This banjolele is only for right handed. Do you know if it is possible to switch the strings only or the tailpiece need to change to convert in RH?
is this 240V ?
does the DL 1608 fit onto a standard size rack mount?
does the device come with the I pad or do I have to buy my own
Does this unit keep your iPad air 2 charged?
Anyone use the Master Fader app with iOS 8 yet?
The ipad is included ?
Does this mixer dock with ALL versions of iPads on the market, including the new iPad Air?
Can you send a channel to a 3rd party ipad app and then bring the signal from the 3rd party app back to the mixer into a new channel?
what is 32 pin and lighting connector different , would the iPad air 5 fit the 32 pins ?
Is this product compatible with 220 Voltage? I want to buy it in USA and take it with me to different country which has only 220V power available.
Can the toms be upgraded to any of Roland's mesh head toms?
I've heard that the kick pedal does not feel like it makes a physical hit at the bottom of the pedal. Is this true?
Does this kit comes with the monitor (amplifier and speakers) as shown in one of the pictures?
Can you add additional triggers? Are there a few extra inputs? Also, can you also trigger virtual instruments via USB? For example, I have a virtual kit sounds on Cubase that I would like to use.
Please, I need to replace the snare of my HD3, where can i get it?
Does this kit come with the throne, sticks, and headphones?
If you are keeping time with hi hat pedal (&amp; not hitting hi hat pad) does it make an audible 'foot splash' sound?
is it worth the price?
Is it a good size for an extremely tall 12 year old (I'm 5'4'')?
What are the strings made of?
whats with the white plate on the back? i have two guitars and neither of them have that.
Would this work for someone between 6'2" and 6'4"
Is this a good size for a 13 year old girl?
Is this a full size guitar?
DOES IT SOUND GOOD
is it possible to have it with Euro plug type as well as 230V options?
does this has the uber analog board installed already?
does this unit supports ASIO 2.2 for virtual instruments playback without any latency?
Plug Type and Voltage
does this has the uber analog board installed already?
Hi, is it this product has Uber analog board?
I'm looking for a digital keyboard that can make all kinds of sound effects. I already have a piano but just need something with effects. Help!
what is the total height of the piano?
Are these keys weighted keys like some digitals that are out there?
does this include the stand (as shown)??
how does it delivery? just drop the piano outside your home?
can this item use in a 220V rate out of US? maybe in china?
What does the piano come with? I see head sets but how about the chair?
Can the recordings be transmitted to a computer? If so, how? By USB?
Is the positioning of the music stand tieing to the neck?
what are the measurments and weight
does the box have the keherwa or Roopak beat?
What is the difference between the 2012 model and the 2013 model?
will a 4500 watt amp work these speakers
what is the minimum watts needed for these speakers
how loud will they be if i only have a 200 watt amp
Would these work? and how many would I need to buy? http://www.amazon.com/PYLE-PRO-PPSJ30...
Do these speakers have pole mounts in bottom of them/would it be possible to put them in if it didn't?
Is there a specific Speaker Wire that has to be used to plug these into the Amp?
What amp is best for these speaker?
What type of cord do I need for this system to hook it up to a Mixer and Ipod?
Does this item have a warranty?
Do they come with the necessary cords?
Are these the right type of panels to be used on ceiling of my audio sound room to keep noise down for my upstairs neighbor? Is there better choices?
I set up a karaoke room in the house, all hard surfaces including a hardwood floor. Will these reduce the "echo" of the room if I put em on the wall?
Objective is to block or reduce sound going out of a room especially &amp; coming into it.Placing these in the room-will this work, or is there better way
can i apply these to a door for sound blocking?
What else do I have to purchase in order to put this on my window? And are these easily install/removed (in case I need to uninstall them)? Thanks!
I bought one to reduce outside noise, which way shall face outside?
if i play saxaphone, will i be able to use these to sound proof my room?
Will it lessen dog barking noise if I fill in a window with this Acoustic Foam?
My old neighbour's burping, farting &amp; blowing noise are unbearable. Would this product will help to reduce some? The wall is wooden. Thanks!
how well would this hold up with double sided tape?
Can I use a splitter to plug both mic into my IPad? Also do I need something else for this?
Can I hook up a 3rd or 4th mic to this unit??
Any idea of battery life?
If I buy 2 of these units can they be used in the same room?
How well does this work with Lync/Skype Meetings? I'm assuming an adapter will be needed as well?
Can this plug into a computer to record sound!
Can you use this for a canon DSLR camera?
will this work well for film audio?
Can this connect and record to a MacBook pro?
Excuse my ignorance. So, I am assuming this wires into a PA system?
why there are two difrent sitars from the same brand? with one is beter? thanks
What is difference between the STUDIO and REGULAR models?
Q: The expanded view photos shows what appears to be a fiberboard case, but in description it only mentions a padded gig bag.
Waht's the meend range on this sitar??
The photos of the sitar show only six main playing strings, but it's advertised with seven. Could someone clear this up for me?
Hey guys quick question, is the 1/4 inch jack on the bottom right of the instrument? I was looking at the "studio" version with the jack on the front
Any recommendations on how to set it up once you receive it? How to install bridge? No instructions or suggestions were included.
Can the end pin be removed/pulled out all the way from the cello?
is the cello set up already before shipping? Will you ship to Canada?
Does the case have backpack straps?
does the case actually protect the instrument
Is it already stringed, and Is the bow good?
Is this appropriate size for a 7 year old?
what is the size of this. My son was asked to get quarter size
What does the finish look like on the delivered product, guys? Is it a painted finish or actually a stained wood?
where is this Cello made?
Will this pickup fit an Ovation 1861 Balladeer?
Thinking about one of these for a Gretsch Boxcar resonator....anyone have comments? Thanks
Can I link them together to go under a 14 in, bridge on a hammered dulcimer.?
what is the effective length (from low E string to high E string)? It needs to be 55mm for a regular 6 string guitar (58mm for a classical guitar).
How long is the pickup? I want to try one on a 6-string bass or 8-string guitar.
Do you think it would work with a preamp in a cello?
Does it work with nylon string guitar?
Will it works for mandolin??
I have a vintage Ventura 12 string guitar that I'm restoring. Has a brass saddle with a groove about 2 1/2 inches underneath. Will this fit in it?
Does the saddle fit into the pickup groove like the Ovation does or does the pickup just sit in the bridge below the saddle?
is this safe to plug in to an Extension Cord?
If I want to use this system with my ipod or laptop does it have the proper input?
Does the Sansom XP150 have a cooling fan in the amplifier? If so, is it very loud?
is it possible to use just one speaker and mixer? or you have to use two of them all the time?
Can I use this in my mixer that is conected to my cd players
Does the amp also have an output for a monitor in addition to the speakers?
Is it possible to run a pair of powered behringer 550s through this mixer/
Does this system provide phantom power for the mics? And if so what is the raiting?
What size is the iPad dock? or what iPad fits in?
Can Komplete Elements be installed on Macbook Air (Mavericks)?
Is it battery powered or powered by the actual device?
Have anyone tried this with an Android tablet ?
does the team come with the cd or disks of complet elements? That includes this purchase?
Is this compatible with Windows 8 (Surface instead of ipad)?
Oh ok thanks! And does it come with the USB cable or am I going to have to buy the cables separately?
Will this guitar fit for women?
Does this have a solid top?
What is the full name of the guitar, eg. Yamaha FG720, so its obvious this is a Fender acoustic guitar but whats the other part to the name?
I just bought this guitar, I changed the strings and now I can't get it tuned, does anyone had this problem
is this a steel string or nylong string guitar?
Is this guitar suitable for a 11 year old boy? He is 4ft 9in.
Does it have a solid top
Can a left handed person order one for himself? This looks like a one for right-handed person.
Is there a Capo in the pack?
What kind of tuner does this guitar come with?
Does anyone know what strings come on this guitar? I can't seem to find that tidbit anywhere
so a cable can be hooked up to this guitar? looking to use it with my new rocksmith game:)
Im purchasing this as a gift. Can this guitar be play with an amp? should it say acoustic-electric?
IS this a full size guitar or 3/4?
What is the maximum adjustable height of the lighting stand? Also, what is the wattage for the individual LED? 1 watt? 3 watts?
What size room or dance floor would one unit light up?
What is the difference between these lights and American Dj Mega Par Profile RGB Led Par Can ?
Can I use it from 20 feet to light a small stage area (10 feet high / 15 feet wide)?
What tune is it set to? (I wanted a "kaali 1" tabla)
Does this come with a carrying bag?
What are the 8 little carved sticks for? I think they're the Puddis?
How long will take to ship to North carolina?
How much time does it take for this item to reach a customer in say Chicago?
Home theater. Laptop server wired (CAT5) and wireless. HDMI to reciever. Is Roku just pass-through for stereo? Still digital? - ? the Cambridge
I am unable to run the driver batch file ( seem to have some bug preventing it) Any suggestion for an alternative driver? - Have usb2 installed.
Will this work to run an iPod into a tubed integrated amplifier?
Foto of rear? What outputs? XLR out?
Is this supposed to be plugged into a wall outlet or powered just via the USB cable?
Is there any hiss produced by this when no audio is being played? If you have your amp turned way up and pause the music, how quiet is it?
If I go USB to the DAC, what's the best route to the amp -- analog RCA or coax/toslink? (I have a Yamaha A-S301.)
do I need a DAC if I only have a stereo system with CD player and receiver? Last time I shopped for system was 25 years ago &amp; never heard of DACs
will this work with a Google tv box like the Matricom G?
Does this item include a USB cable?
Can I keep my ipad charging at the same time? I need to broadcast a ceremony (1-2 hours long...) and worry about the battery life.
Can you use headphones simultaneously?
Does it work for iphone 4s?
I need a mic to record classroom discussions. Will this mic capture the voices a class of about 20 people if it is sitting in the middle of the group?
Does the speaker play back what is on ipod
Does this mike work with iPad?
What recording applications do you use with this microphone?
Does it work for the iPod Touch 5th generation?
does this work with iphone 6 with lightning adapter?
will this record loud music like a live band ?
Does this work with the iphone?
Do boys like this? I have a 6yr old I'm wanting to get it for...
What is the height of this? I cant tell from photo. Thanks
does it work with batteries or is it electronic
Will this work with the newest ipod nano?
Do the microphone amplify the voice without the iPhone plugged in
does this work with ipad mini
How long is the cord?
How tall is it?
For what ages would you recommend this?
Hello, Can you download different songs?, May I use this karaoke with an iphone &amp; ipad?, can you record your songs?. Thanks in advance.
Can you plug this into the TV so that it will display on the TV also?
Can I use Russion CD
hello can read discs in spanish? and iPod
What cds do you use with it?
Can you tape yourself singing on this machine? How many songs come with it?
Is this the price for one of the monitors or do they come in a set?
I just got 2 of these and there is a hum which increases when the master volume goes up. I am using the unbalanced input; should I use the XLR to fix?
Does anyone know how they compare to Audioengine A2 or A5's?
What cable would I Have to buy with this to plug into my imac or audio interface?
Is this the price for one of the monitors or do they come in a set?
Does this come with a foam isolation pad like the picture shows?
can you use with virtual dj?
can you hook microphone up to it. and speakers
can you use headphones with this?
Does the finish have a tiny splash of green with the silver or is is just silver? Picture 1 and 2 look different...
is the case included?
Are these "ProBucker" pickups genuine Gibson pups, or are they Epiphone branded pickups?
Is this the same as this model: Epiphone Les Paul Custom Pro Electric Guitar with ProBuckers and Coil Tapping, Ebony ?
I'm confused. Was is pro les paul custom alpine or les paul custom silver burst?
it is silver burst?
The picture makes it look like it has a flat top. Is it flat or molded?
Is this 16 bit or 24 bit?
I am just verifying, with an OEM Lightning to 30 pin this works with iPad Air 2?
I want to be able to use the sounds coming from my actual MIDI keyboard, not sounds from an iPad synth app. If anyone knows how, please let me know.
Is this compatable with the iPhone 4S?
I want to mix down from a Tascam portastudio to ipad, two channels, L and R. Is there a stereo input? Will this work?
Will this work ok with an Apple 30 pin to lightning adapter?
will this work with my ipad 3
Can I use a locker in this case?
What are the internal Dimensions?
will it fit the bogner uberschall head it is almost 10 and 1/2 " wide on the top and10 and 1/2 " tall and 27' long
Can I remove the XLR cable from the stand?
What is the thread on this?
Could someone post the height of the lower arm and upper arm? I really need height and length. No one has posted this information. Thanks
How far do they extend from the mounting position?
will this hold an mxl990?
How much weight can this handle? I have a pretty heavy mic/shockmount. How sturdy is this?
Will this arm have a way to attach the MXL USB.007 mic and the MXL PF-001 Pop Filter?
The top of my desk is about a quarter inch piece of tempered glass...would the clamp work with this? Thanks!
Does this come with a C-Clamp or an alternative way to attach this to a surface without screwing it in place?
Will this work with an AudioTechnica AT2020?
What are the sides and back made from? And where is this guitar manufactured?
is this nylon or steel strings
does this come with the taylor tan mini gig bag or a generic stock black one ?
Can this be strung with nylon strings?
I notice that the neck is screwed on to the body of the Baby Taylor guitar. That makes me nervous. Is it a problem?
Is this a solid wood guitar?
Does this come with a hard case, just to confirm?
Can this be used with a strap?
Can i ship this to australia without it getting destroyed in the process?
Does it come with a power cord &amp; battery charger?
So the 2 provided mics can be used simultaneously because of the dual channel, but can a 3rd wired mic be used also when plugged into the 6.5mic jack?
Any experience using this system with a laptop as the AUX input?
I am getting major rf interference whenI use this in certain buildings. Is there any way to fix this.
Is the unit loud enough to be used outdoors effectively? And how long does the battery charge last on the speaker?
I did stand a few feet away from the microphone with the speaker pointing away from me and there was still buzzing. Standing farther was worse
2. If I stand just more than a few feet away from the speaker there is a buzzing sound. The speaker is in front of me
1. If i turn the headset or lapel mic off using the wireless transmitter - there is a horrible buzzing through the speaker.
Can it use 220-240 voltage?
I am needing something for a 6 1/2 workshop. It sounds like the batteries run out after an hour. What needs batteries? The mic and the PA system?
Would Magix Audio Cleaner be suitable for professional V.O. projects?
Does it work on windows 8?
need audio soft where for evp sessions. will this work?
How many straps does this bag have? It says detachable backpack straps, but I didn't want to assume 2 straps!
can you tell me the size??
Will this fit a soprano ukulele?
hi, i have a pineapple shapped ukulele, does it fit
will it fit a soprano banjolele?
Will my 24 inch uke fit in it?
I am interested purchasing this for my 13 year old nephew. Would you recommend this for 13 year old?
Hi, does it come with songs and lyrics your can project and how do you add songs with lyrics? Thanks!
Does this run on batteries also?
Is there any way to download songs to tablet or phone &amp; still have lyrics display on TV karaoke system is hooked up to? Or is that just w/CD's?
Is it possible to plug an ipad or iphone into this machine?
Does this have key/pitch adjustment?
Does it work with an iPod?
Are there beltloops on this kilt?
How quickly do these ship? If I order today will I receive by St. Patricks Day?
Does this item fit any size? How is it adjusted and worn?
Does it have speakers?
is this Nord Piano 1 or Nord Piano 2?
Title is wrong. This is not the "Portable" version. This is the HA88. The Portable has only 73 keys.
does it come with a nord triple pedal
does it come with the HA88
Does it come with a case?
Is this made in Indonesia or China? Also, are the tuners white or black?
Will this guitar fit in a Gator Standard Guitar hard case?
SORRY, WHAT IS THE WEIGHT OF THAT ONE GUITAR?
hello, i'm in France, it's ok for buy and shipping?
Which home-practice amplifier (e.g., Vox VT20, Roland Cube 20-XL, or Laney Prism P35) is best for this guitar?
I need a handheld mike compatible with G788 system, will these work wit a G788 system?
Will this mike worh with the GTD Audio G-522H 200 Channel UHF Professional Wireless microphone Mic System..? They seem to be the same mics...
Is this Mic. compatible with the G-787H Is the H different then G-787 ?
What is usee to transmit sound?
Hello, I need a handheld mike compatible with G288 system, will these work wit a G288 system? Thanks a lot
Will this work with GTD G-900? Or other UHF Receiver like EW100?
this mic works with g788h system? I would like to buy a replacement to my G788H system...
This mic works with G788H? I need it as a replacement...
Will these mics work with Shure SLX4 Wireless Receiver, L4?
I have GTD Audio G-733H 2x800 Channel Diversity UHF Wireless Mic System. and it come with just 2 Mic, if I order this mic can it work with the system. can 3 mic work the same time.
Does anyone know if this unit will work with a USB mic? I have a really nice Blue that I would love to use on this.
How do I reduce the feedback and static when plugged in?
Can I hook up my android tablet to it?
How long does the battery really last?
Can anyone who has tried this unit on a parade float rate its performance?
Will this hook up to a galaxy sumsung?
I'd also like to know if it has a power cord that it can be run off of? Also, can it be used with an IPhone?
Is it really 800watts when running off the battery? How is the sound quality when playing music?
I'm looking to use this for busking. If I use an electric guitar with effects pedals, will it sound good?
Can you change the battery?
Does it fit an IPAD AIR
Does it have a stylus holder
Is it real leather ?
Does it fits the IPad 2 ?
With my browser, I can't tell if one of the colors is yellow or bright green. Plz let me know. Thx, Siena in seattle
Does it fit an IPAD AIR
Does it have a stylus holder
Is it real leather ?
Does it fits the IPad 2 ?
With my browser, I can't tell if one of the colors is yellow or bright green. Plz let me know. Thx, Siena in seattle
Does it fit an IPAD AIR
Does it have a stylus holder
Is it real leather ?
Does it fits the IPad 2 ?
With my browser, I can't tell if one of the colors is yellow or bright green. Plz let me know. Thx, Siena in seattle
Does it fit an IPAD AIR
Does it have a stylus holder
Is it real leather ?
Does it fits the IPad 2 ?
With my browser, I can't tell if one of the colors is yellow or bright green. Plz let me know. Thx, Siena in seattle
Does it fit an IPAD AIR
Does it have a stylus holder
Is it real leather ?
Does it fits the IPad 2 ?
With my browser, I can't tell if one of the colors is yellow or bright green. Plz let me know. Thx, Siena in seattle
My battery went dead overnight. Is this because it was plugged into the amp? There is no power switch. Thanx, Fred
EQ-7545R What is the cutout size? Thanks!
The cost includes Rod Piezo Acoustic Guitar Pickup?
It comes with the piezzo (under the saddle) pickup right?
Does anyone know of a device similar to this with straight sides? I'd love to use this to make a CBG, but the curves are problematic.
What are the dimensions of the cutout, and the outer dimensions of the trim ring? Also, Is the base of the trim ring curved at all, or flat? Thanks
would i have to cut my guitar to fit it in? Where can i put it?
Includes screws for installation?
Includes screws for installation?
is this a mixer and an amplifier both?
what are the effect settings?
Does this unit have effects send/receive ports and are they mono or stereo. We have an older unit, and manuals are not available.
Connecting the speakers: I just received the GTD Audio BM-226, but can someone tell me: 1) why it has 2 red MAIN (Left &amp; Right) sliders?
Anyone know approximately how long the batteries last?
Will the ac adapter work with this light? Is there a place to plug it into the light?
Does this model require tiny screw removal instead of clip together case to change batteries? Tiny screws are only good for getting lost.
What type of batteries does it use?
Does anyone know what the small hole or opening is for? There is a small pin in the middle of the opening.
can you use it on the piano
Is the base (clip) on this heavy enough to stand on its own without being clipped to a desk?
power goes off when I depress the clip........is this by design?
How many hours of light using the three AAA batteries?
Does this light come with a bag/case?
I have a CD recorder. It has 4 plugs. I only see 2 on this item. am I able to record CD's with this?
Some images of this model mixer has a usb and sd card port some dont. this is a bitn misleading to me. what is the real thing does it have or not?
Is there a separate monitor output?
On the top of the unit are 4 1/4" female connectors, labeled as MAIN OUT, AUX SEND and AUX RETURN. Is one of these a low level line out?
My current PA says: parallel speaker 70w and 4ohm min load total.If I buy this PA, would I be able to reuse my current speakers with it?
What is the weight of the mixer
Does it have balanced inputs?
Are the main outputs actually stereo? Many PAs say "left" and "right" but are just dual mono.
How do i play from a laptop ? can I run from 3mm to 1/4 in into mixer ?
does it have FX and Echo?
Can the unit be used with a recorder like the Tascam DP008
Can u just use the gtx for vocals only without an accompanying guitar or keyboard?
Will it work with 2 people singing harmony through the same mic?
Are there any decent fx for acoustic guitar?
how many guitar fx can it do at one time? Can it do like a chorus and delay or reverb all at the same time, can you set up your own patches?
doe's this cover vocals and guitar or just vocals?
Does one of the bottons do guitar effects on/off ?
I just bought a Boss FS-6 foot switch will it work with a digitech bp90 foot pedal
am buying the boss fs-6 for my roland cube 80, what else do I need to order? thanks
do you need the 2 in 1 cable? can you use 1 cable, does it need a trs cable, the 2 into one, one end is trs, not sure why, actually what does it do, be using with roland cube 80
is it compatible with an Alesis 16 drum machine?
I want to be able to MIC the THR5 so I can sing along with a ukulele input into the guitar jack. What mic will work with this amp? THANKS!
if i use it like a usb interface, on cubase or logic can i use my scarlett focusrite (usb) aswell? or it would be a problem? 2. can i use pedals?
Should I get this for live performance at the church using mic in front of it?
Can you say whether this is the upgraded V.2?
I am trying to decide between the THR10 and the THR10x. I play mostly late-80s type stuff, with some classic rock thrown in. Which would be better?
Hi, does the power adapter supplied with this amp support 240 VAC input power or is it only 120 VAC ?
I'm a beginner, looking for a decent harmonica to learn on. Can anyone recommend what key I should purchase, or does it matter?
The answer above says the 560bx-c Special 20 is a newer version of the Special 20. What has changed to make it newer?
what does the name special 20 imply?
I ordered a Marine Band Special 20 Major C. I received a Progresive Special 20. On the chart this looks like a step down. What is the difference?
Can I engrave on this harmonica or the John Lennon signature series harmonica?
What is the difference between Hohner Special 20 Harmonica Major C and the Hohner Marine Band Harmonica Major C? Which would you recommend?
Should accept reality, but anyone else have a problem drawing on hole 2? just idividualy it lets little air through and a bad noise.
Is the 560bx-c made in Germany?
used harmonica,ooohh gross, no thank you.is this hygenic?
is it the reed replacable?
Is this made in Germany or China?
does this come with a case/box for storage?
How do you clean this?
Does this Little Lady 39 come with a case?
Will this work with iPhone 5s?
Is this compatible with iphone 5s ?
Will this work with the iPhone 6 or iPhone 6+?
Can this be used to plug in one microphone and one set of headphones in order to monitor your recording?
Will this work on the GoPro Hero?
Will this work on the GoPro Hero?
Just purchased this and am using an iPhone 5 and 2 SmartLav+ Rode Mic's and it's not working at all. neither with my Macbook Pro. Any suggestions??
Does it work with Canon Cameras?
Will this cable work with non-powered (no battery) mics?
Will this work with only one mic plugged in? Will it change the impedance or the audio levels?
Will this work with iPhone 5s?
Is this compatible with iphone 5s ?
Will this work with the iPhone 6 or iPhone 6+?
Can this be used to plug in one microphone and one set of headphones in order to monitor your recording?
Will this work on the GoPro Hero?
Will this work on the GoPro Hero?
Just purchased this and am using an iPhone 5 and 2 SmartLav+ Rode Mic's and it's not working at all. neither with my Macbook Pro. Any suggestions??
Does it work with Canon Cameras?
Will this cable work with non-powered (no battery) mics?
Will this work with only one mic plugged in? Will it change the impedance or the audio levels?
i wanna know if i can upgrade to pro tools 9 with it ?
does it have a usb to connect to a mac
Planning to do my first home recording vids on Youtube. Elec Guitar-&gt;Mic-&gt;Amp-&gt;Mbox-&gt;PC for audio &amp; DSLR for video&lt;-Will this setup do it? Best?
do you need a midi keybourd controller to play the virtual instruments?
What is better for recording guitar and vocals, this one or Roland Quad Capture?
its include? iLok Software Authorization Device, the software only works on the MBOX?. I have too a profire 2626 Thanks!
Why is this $40 cheaper for the same make/model on other websites? Whats the diffenrence? Is There a Catch?
I ordered this 30 mins ago but I forgot to check the compatibility. I am running Windows 7, does this automatically ship the Windows version?
Is this compatible with Mac 10.9.2?
How many mics/instruments can I record at the same time?
I just bought this and Pro Tools Express isn't compatible with Mac OS 10.10 Yosemite. When will it be compatible (if ever)?
can my condenser microphone be used with this interface
Is it compatible with Mac?
I know that this is compatible with Mac computers, but I'm wondering if, for any reason, I would need a desktop versus a laptop?
Is it compatible with widow 8.1
Which version is it? is it 10.2 or 10.3?
Hi does this have a MIDI IN / MiDI OUT??
Will this work good for podcasting?
Can anyone who has used this for podcasting provide me an example? Name of the podcast or a link or something? I want to hear typical sound quality.
Does this work well for gaming chat? I use Mumble w/ voice activation. Blue Snowball picks up everything including mouse clicks. Would this be better?
How to get working on Windows 8? (Volume at maximum recording gain is very low)
Does this come with a stand, cables, etc. like on the AT website?
How does this mic work with the Zoom H4N? I seem to get a lot of noise.
What is the diameter of the microphone at the end / handle?
I want to use this mic as my 2nd mic, problem is 1st mic needs phantom power. Will PP hurt this mic when connected to same interface?
Is there a good shock mount for this other than the AT one?
I saw this microphone in a youtube tutorial, i want it, but i dont know anything about microphones, does the microphone have one cd with a program?
Does this set for Concert Ukulele come with Low G string?
Aquila Concert Uke strings. The A and C strings were out of their sleeves. Can I tell which is which by the thickness?
I'd like to try aquila strings for my lanikai concert uke for better sound. there are 3-4 different concert aquilas. which one should I choose?
What are the gauges of these strings?
What color are these strings?
Which octave is the g string?
How do I know if this is the right octive/pitch for my ukulele? I have a Hilo Model # 2656.
Anyone use these on an Oscar Schmidt OU2e? Do they make a significant difference over the strings that ship with the uke?
How many strings came in one package?
How do you tell which string is which. The outside of the package says they are color coded. Inside they are all in the same package with no color.
What is the tuning? I suspect 4 strings for A (1st string), E (2nd) , C (3rd) and high G (4th)
How long are the strings?
What is the difference in tenor and soprano strings? beginner me. which should I order?
What color are the strings?
Does this system come with two microphones as pictured and if so, are they wired or wireless?
How many Watts is it??
Where do you watch the lyrics ? Are chords included with the microphones?
can this be plugged into a tv to display karaoke cdm lyrics?
I want to play guitar with MP3 in a small club- best to use both guitar amp and B115 or what options do I have to use B115MP3 only and eliminate amp?
Do they have protection bags for this awesome looking speakers?
can I plug my Ipad or laptop to play and what kind of wire do I need????
Can a cabled input be used on this speaker ?
Can i hook up this spkr w/ a behringer eurolive b115d instead of buying two b115mp3's
i live in europe, so does it support 230V?
Is this system a Bluetooth compatable system? In other words can I just sync to my laptop and play or do I need to purchase another device ?
Hi. is the connection single or dual XLR input? I see they have input 1 and 2 and each has it's own volume control. Help.
Planning to buy this from amazon.com and use in India. Does this automatically accept 220 V as power input or would require a stepdown transformer?
How do I connect two B115MP3 speakers together? I tried the xlr cable from the mix output to the input 1 on the other speaker.
Need good sound for a monthly party (ipod only) , should I get 2 of these, or one of these and it will power a passive speaker as well?
what size speaker bag will fit this speaker any suggestions?
What is the power supply voltage rating? 120V or 110 - 240V?
How much does it weigh?
does this speaker need some specific sound format? Can i use MP3?
What system does it not work well with. I have a numark quad deck
1000 Watts RMS?
Can I use this on a 220v socket?
Can I play my Blu Ray Player through this?
can I plug my computer or tablet in and play from that?
hi! pardon my incompetence but can i use that bugera for cinema home theatre and turntable?
come with footswitch?
Does it ship in the original bugera box, or do they re-package the head into an amazon box?
Is the infinium technology working out for everyone? do the tubes still need to be biased? And how long have you gone before replacing the tubes???
Does this have a wattage deduction switch? to take it from 100 watts down to 50, down to 25... something like that.
Is this a good high gain amplifier for Slipknot &amp; other metal sounds?
Stock images of this head on the Bugera site show the tubes lighted with an orange backlight. Videos on youtube do not. Are the tubes backlit?
Do you ship to Brazil? How much it cost?
Does this case fit an Epiphone ES-339 Pro?
Does this case fit a Gibson es 139?
does an epiphone wildkat fit in it?
I recently purchased and Epiphone casino gold top. Will this case fit it? Thanks
Would it fit a Les Paul Junior?
Will it fit an epiphone florentine?
This case does not fit the ES-339 Pro. It is too small for the body of the guitar, is this the correct case for the guitar?
Hi, can you send me the internal dimensions in cm? thanks!
will epi LP studio fit this case also?
Will this fit a epiphone dove pro guitar?
are the strings metal or nylon and would this guitar be a good one for a 9 yr old girl?
How is this different from the Jasmine S35 Acoustic Guitar, Natural that sells for $99.99? Is it the same guitar?
What size guitar is this, 3/4 by chance??? And is a dreadnought guitar different in some way from a regular guitar?
What kind of gig bag comes with this package? Is it padded?
Does this guitar have the ability to hook up to an amp? can I hook up the amp cable cord to it?
Is the Jasmine compatible w/ Chord Buddy?
what is the size of the guitar bag?
Would you please tell me, what difference between: GTD Audio G-733H and GTD Audio G-788H
Does It Have A Gain Knob?
I would like to remote mount the screw type coax connectors. does anyone know the correct type of cable and name of the conectors to use for this appl
Is this a stand alone system or does it have to be plugged into to something?
how reliable are these? Most 5/4 star reviews are within a few days of purchase when everything works fine. How long have you been using these mics?
What kind of material are the microphones made of? Metal or Plastic?
is it G788H model come with cable jack to plug into amp or mixer?
I have 2 units and I cant get all 4 receivers on the same group. I can only select group 1-9 on the left and 10-18 on the right for both units. help!
Is there an Omni directional mic available for this system. These don't work very well unless they are spoken directly into..
Where is this set made?
How can I get more/ extra microphones for G 522 H?
Will I need an amplifier to use the receiver?
How do these compare to the GTD Audio G-622H?
Does this bag have dividers for each cymbal so they don't scratch ?
Does it have Backpack Straps?
Do you think it would fit a 21"(W) x 10"(H) Hang Drum?
Does anyone know if this will fit a Xenyx 1202FX with a manufactured date of 1108? Thanks
Where do you find the manufactured date?
where can i find a power supply cord for a behringer eurorack mx3242x 32 input 4-bus mixing console
Does anyone know if this will fit a Xenyx 1202FX with a manufactured date of 1108? Thanks
does it have Phantom technology?
Can more than one FX be used at the same time?
Is the "Main Out" line level output so that I can feed it into an AV Receiver? Or is it amplified to drive a speaker directly?
Is the power supply 220v
How do these little mixers hook up to power amps and speakers?
How do you connect it to a pc?
I just received this item in the mail. I need to bring it with me to Italy, but it doesn't look like it supports the 220V input... is that correct?
How many inputs does it have?
What is the size of the box?
can I layer tracks to make into one song with this recorder
Does this have an input for an external microphone?
how easy is it to transfer files to your computer? Do you have to download a whole program to do it?
Is this regrind or virgin material? I am in need of very low VOC properties as I wish to use this in a car interior.
Can this be installed over existing walls and then primed and painted?
Will it make a difference if the sound barrier is on the inside or outside of a drywall panel, on the outside of the wall?
My floor is made of concrete and I live above a shop would this product help to stop noise from an air con below my flat?
Can you use this as a layer between sheets of drywall with green glue for added benefit?
I have PVC plumbing in my first floor ceiling there is a lot of noise. Can I use this to wrap PVC pipes to reduce noise?
What is the decibel level reduction rating for the product?
What do I use to apply this product (stick) to painted drywall? what type of adhesive?
Can I hang this vertically via screws/nails or is it too heavy and rip under it's own weight? Is it "Reinforced"?
We have neighbors and passers-by (in cars) that pound bass. How effective is this at reducing this noise? How many decibels will the bass be reduced?
What compny made this baritone?
What are the dimensions of this baritone?
Is this a euphonium or a baritone horn? The reviewer (a euphonium player and band director) says its a euphnium, but it's listed as a baritone horn.
What is the diameter of the bell?
Does it come with the SDR-3 Installed?
Does the system work in Europe, i.e. does it support 220V?
Can I connect this to my stereo system? Does it have audio out? is it digital/optic or rca cable?
which vocopro wireless mic's would I order to go along with my wireless jam cube 2
can you plugged this into a tv and get the Karaoke cd lyrics?
Does it have batteries? If so, how long can you run for without recharging?
Can you hook external speakers to this.
Is the difference between vocopro Jamcube1 and Jamcube2 that the Jamcube2 has wireless mic's? Can you still use wired mic's
can the wireless mikes be swapped for better ones
how much does it weigh
How is it delivered? Does someone come and install it in the home or is it just a box left at the door and you need to put it together?
Does this come with a bench? (there are bundle deals that highlight the bench while this listing does not)
Could you please tell me if the keys are smooth or textured? We are not wild about the textured "ivory" feel keys. Thanks!
I want a "player" piano so I can hear the sound of piano music. Could this be used that way? Does it have a way to load music and just listen?
Is protection plan needed?
How many polyphony?
Do the keys depress in self play mode?
Is it portable to move? How many kilograms total for the whole package?
How does the CE220 compare to the CN35
What is the voltage input for the piano, does it support 110-240?
if you put heavier strings on ,are the any adjustments that would be required? I have no knowledge of set up procedures.
Do I need to pay import tax when buying in the UK?
Item lists as Olympic White, photo looks like Arctic White. Is it truely the cream color I've seen in GC?
Does this come with a case?
Second question...I see that it comes with an SKB hard case. What else does it come with?
I live in Colombia and would lime to speak to you about possibility of international shipping and i would buy this guitar immediately.
Will this work with the Surface Pro 3
When I am singing the angle of the device doesn't go far enough for me to see the iPad. any way to improve?
Could this be used to hold a bluetooth keyboard, like the thin Apple keyboard, and swiveled into a position suitable for typing?
is it very stable on a boom stand, centered &amp; balanced, of course?
Anybody try this with a straight stand or do you need a boom?
My tablet is 11" by 18" by 3/4" Dell XPS18. (Need larger screen due to limited eyesight.) Will this tablet mount accommodate these dimensions?
Will this hold the Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 in portrait mode?
Will it work with original iPad ?
Is the actual 'clamping width' 10"? Or is it designed to fit tablets with height 10" and a smaller width. My tablet's height - 12.5", Width - 9.25".
Will this fit my ASUS 10.1" tablet?
Does it come with the cables? If not will I just need some basic RCA cables?
do i need specific mixer for it to work?
Would I be able to mix a real vinyl record on one deck, and on the other deck, a Traktor controlled song from my computer using the timecode vinyl?
Do you have to buy the multicore cables separately?
can you connect 2 Vinyl turntables and 2 CD decks at the same time? or only 2 at the same time?
Does it come with the CDs and Vynils?
this comes with the vynils and cds or do i have to buy them separate?
I want to know if it comes with the traktor scratch pro 2 software for mac, also my mac does not have a cd reader installed, what can i do?
i have cdi 300 (not MP3 ) american audio , would it be working with this ? and is it comes with USB cable to computer ?
this comes with the vynils or do i have to buy them separate?
Will this work on my MacBook?
Does this work on Mac OS X Yosemite 64 bit OS?
Does it works on windows 8 64 bits?
does this work with windows 7?
How many pins are inside the midi side? 3,5, or 7?
Is it possible to change the shock mount? I have a samson Shock mount for my Audio technica 2500?
Any1 hav BluYeti on this? Yeti was 2 hevy for my on-stage desk mount. this looks identical to "neewer" brand model.
will this work with the blue snowball?
Will this mic hold the blue yeti and the ringer shock mount from blue?
how big is it
Will the AT2020 USB fit with the included shock mount?
Will this fit a audio technica at2035?
Will this work with an AKG Perception 120 mic?
It is compatible with Electro-Voice BP 300 Wireless Bodypack Transmitter?
Purchased a GLXD14/PG30-Z2 digital system from Amazon, Will this headphone fit that unit? The incl. mic seems bulky
I have a Behringer Ultralink headset and receiver. Can be this be used in place of the original headset, as they seem to have the same connector?
For this mircophone what do you need to plug it in to/have for it to work? :-)
Can the mic cable be completely removed from the head-mount gear? I would like to use this as a hairline mic if possible.
Is the headphone removeable would like to mount this to headphones. How good is ambient noise rejection.
Can this be adapted to plug into a standard (non-wireless) XLR or 1/4 plug?
Will the boom adjust between the ear and mouth?
Hello, Is this compatible with Shure PG14/PG30 wireless mic system? thank you!
is it compatible with any amplifier? is it a wireless headset microphone that can be used standalone? how many years of warranty for this product?
Are they adjustable so that we can move the mic back and forth in relation to the ear hooks.
will this work with a pyle pro portable pa system
Can this be made to work with a Windows 7 PC?
Is the cable detachable ? If so, could i buy extra cable? Do you ship internationally?
Would this work with a H1 Zoom recorder?
Will this microphone work with any body pack, or just Sennheiser units?
is it compatible with any amplifier? is it a wireless headset microphone that can be used standalone? how many years of warranty for this product?
Will this fit a Sennheiser Freeport Presentation set Model fp 12-B-US. Bodypack transmitter SK-2-b (replacement for a clip on microphone, omni ME 2-2
Does this guitar have nylon or metal strings?
will the guitar break
How do you attach the strap?
is this for adults or kids
I am debating between the Audio Tecnica lp120 vs lp1240. Do you guys have any thoughts. I am a wedding Dj and I CLub Dj sometimes.
Will the arm return and stop the plate at the end of the LP?
does this come with a headshell
Do I have to buy a cartridge with it? If so, what do you recommend?
Does it have provision for 220V
I see the dust cover isn't on a hinge. Can you play records with the cover down, or is it just for covering while not in use?
Does this have ground wire the fact the 120's didn't was a noise issue
Recording to computer using the USB connection: do the computer's speakers emit the music, or must it also be connected to a stereo system?
In regards to the AT 1240 turntable and the Technics 1200 is there big differences in quality build or the audio amplifiers each have.
Best replacement phono cartridge for this unit? anyone?
how do you use the custom DIY buttons
How many 16ft led lights will this control
This comes with a male connection and not a female connection to connect to the LED strip. Why is that and HOW DO I FIX THIS? It should be a female
where to get Zelda songs for this online for free
what is the material that the ocarina is made of?
How large is this ocarina? I know it's small, but what are the measurements?
Does this come with the songbook/tutorial, or is this bought separately?
Hello, I'm trying to ship 3 of those to Brazil but when I proceed to the shipping estimate it says I can't ship this product. What's going on?
Will this work with Shure WL185? The Shure RPM626 claims to be compatible with it, but you don't have that model listed in your specs.
Hello, does this work whit the shure lavalier sm93?
will it work with a Pyle PMEMS10?
Was looking at using this with a DPA 4071? It has the TA4F connector.
Is this product the same that shure rpm 626?
Can I use it with shure pg30??
Will this preamp work with most mics with Shure TA4F connectors?
This uke comes with padded bag? Thks
is this uke solid?
Does this Uke come with strings
String spacing at the nut and saddle, and neck width
Is a gig bag included in the price of the Cadete. I see Amazon offers a padded gig bag for the 3/4 guitar for around $50. Thanks.
how is the neck attached to body
does it come with a pop filter?
When it sits in the shockmount, it seems to bobble...is there a way to stabilize it?
Any recommendations for a mic stand for this? How exactly does it attach? Or does this mic have to be set on a flat surface?
what do software do use to record using this mic in the pc or ipad? i need help to record my singing voice
Does this come with a lightning adapter for newer iphones and ipads?
I need a replacement USB cable for the Blue Spark digital, but I'm having no luck finding one sold by itself. Help please?
does it require drivers? compatible with ps3?
Can you use the microphone together with the in-built video receiver in ipad and iphone?
Can it be connected to a DSLR camera?
How is it for recording acoustic instruments?
Do you have to use a screwdriver to replace the battery?
I need to sustain a single note for about ten seconds.Will this pedal do that for me?The note is part of a riff, and the signal just decays to quickly
is this a clone of another pedal, if so, which one? i was thinking Mxr Dyna-comp but this has three knobs not two.
Can I use this for voiceovers to tighten up the sound?
Will this pedal work for bass guitar?
What is included with the product?
how big is it?
Does this model have back light on the LCD display?
Is there a way to record this keyboard via MIDI?
Does the LDC show you the notes on the staff as you play?
Does this item come with the power adapter? If not, what kind of adapter do I have to purchase?
Does this keyboard have a headphone jack?
Does this keyboard have an extension pedal?
Is it dual voltage? we live in a country with 230V
Is this keyboard easy to transport? I want to use it for music during story-times and will be carrying it from home to work twice a week. Thank you.
Does it include "waltz" rhythm, and other basic rhythm, or is it mainly just Latin beats?
Do the piano's sound like piano's,or like cheesy approximations of piano's? String and choir voices?
Would this add an octave up note to the guitar so it would sound like a 12 string and can it do it without adding fuzz?
Would this be good for the Floyd sound? Or should I spend the extra 40 for the Muff/FuzzFace?
Does the fuzz sound like a 60s-sounding fuzz? Can I get a Bill Wyman fuzz bass sound out of it?
Can it handle a bass, passive or active?
Looking For That BIG Manson Type Bass Sound.. Also I'd Only be using this for direct recording. No RIG. Yes? Or No?
Can it raise the sound of the guitar up to three octaves?
Is the octave independent from the fuzz? Can it be operated without having the fuzz on?
How tall are the legs?
Do I need an amplifier?.
Can this guitar be converted to left-handed?
Is an effects pedal necessary in order to play?
I am a beginner, is there a lesson video or instructions?
Is this a 1/4 inch or 3mm jack?
is bluetooth
are all Pioneer Headphones "ON EAR"? as opposed to "OVER EAR"..
Is this the updated version with metal allow hinges or is this the plastic version?
Dou you have real photos?
does it comes with the vinyls and cds control and also the traktor scratch 2 software with the license?
how many channels this item has
Does "a set of -spare- strings" mean that there is an additional pair or is it just the one set used to string it initially?
I had a bad experience with the bow on an inexpensive erhu. The black horsehairs fell apart. Does this erhu have a better bow (maybe white horsehair)?
There seems to be confusion regarding is this a beginner or professional level? Also how long to deliver to NC?
I heard on amazon some of the erhu listings were made from endangered animals and woods that are illegal to import to the U.S.A is that true here too?
How long is the included cable that comes in the bundle?
Dose it have a box(original box of audio-technica) or it's without that?
In short: is this a good mic for gaming,-desktop use. Long version: I use headphones, I also use speakers. I use PTT(push to talk) only.no-space4Q?
Since the last question like this didn't seem to have a definite answer, what is the length of the XLR cable that is included?
What's in the box? Every piece?
does it come with desktop stand?
can you plug this with an xlr/3.5mm adaptor to an iphone
Does this have a USB?
Does it have on/off switch? Thx.
Does this come with a mount?
Is this the pole, or the pole and the mic?
I have a Rode ntg3 with the shock mount. Can I use this boom pole? Or do I have to get the Rode boom pole.
is the microphone included? is the ATR-6550 a good mic?
If you are using this for a video, can you hook it up to your camera? My camera has a 'mic' input on the side, so I was just wondering.
I got mine and the soft grips are closer to each other than the photos. How do I move them apart?
Does it work with original Rode videomic?
What kind of microphone can I use for this?
Would you recommend this product for filmmaking or a RODE shotgun microphone?
What color is it really?Brown or red and interior? What are the dimensions inside? I have an L50 Acoustic Archtop Gibson and want to make sure it fits
Does the case really have Morgan Monroe on the lid?
Will a Martin Dred (HD-35) fit??
Is the case alligator finish all over, as shown on the red one with Morgan Monroe logo, or is the side black as shown in the dark brown model?
would a blueridge prewar or historic model fit in this case
Are the dimensions given (43.8 x 18 x 6.4 inches) the inside or outside? Is there a name on the case (Morgan Monroe) as shown on the second picture? Thanks!
Would it fit a gibson songwriter guitar?
What size AR-15 can you fit in the "guitar" case?
Dimension You mentioned 42-16.5- 2. But an acoustic guitar height is bigger than 2, its around 5. Would you please provide exact dimension?
What are the inner dimensions of the bag? They are NOT on their website, Cornelius, CT
does it fit all size guitars
would it fit a 41" acoustic guitar? super important as i need it fast...thanks!
Just want to know the dimensions of this bag, pl. thank you.
I have a 6 string Sunlite Dreadnaught and I am wondering if that will fit in this bag?
Will it fit my 43.5 x 7 x 21.5 inches Fender DG-8S?
Does this gig bag have two shoulder straps or just one for carrying it? How is it holding up to use?
When does Amazon think it will get more of these? I cant really wait too long. I can order from somewhere else but its like twice as much...
What's the longest distance that can be between transmitter and receiver before communication begins to fail?
what about warranty?
Will this work for an Ovation Celebrity 12 string acoustic/electric? I am a novice guitar player who justs plays for enjoyment at home. Thank you..
Can i Use 2 at the same time? i.e. Roland Ax-09 and and different unit on a guitar
Does the audio wireless digital work wit Roland AX synthezisers?
will this work to connect from the headpnone jack of a guitar amp to a pair of headphones to listen wireless
Is there a User Guide or Manual (pdf) available from the manufacturer w/ all of the specs?
What is the Frequency Response on this device?
Has anybody tried their acoustic through a stereo?
Can this be used on an electric violin?
How do you set this keyboard with OSX 10.9? MIDI setup shows no KORG and no app works with it, beside the apps included with the purchase.
What do I need to buy to use microKEY 26 with an iPad Mini?
Is this of plastic build? Thank you!
Is there any way to convert USB output to MIDI?
does it have a headphone input
Is this product compatible with programs like Finale and Sibelius?
i own the kaossilator and the koassilator pro and want something small and inexpensive to learn on?
can i learn to play scales and songs on this without downloading the software?
Does the microKEY 25 come with a USB cable? What connectors are on each end?
Can it be used in an Android device?
How big are the keys?
Is there any provision for sustain with this keyboard? Update - thanks to all for the answers. There are some smaller keyboards that have a sustain button, at least, so this (and the 61) seem lacking. I appreciate the responses.
What are the dimensions of the Korg microKEY 37 midi controller?
Will it work with Windows 8.1?
Does it work with Fl Studio?
How is this powered?
Does this keyboard include any built in sounds? I'm looking for a portable keyboard to practice piano scales and chords on the go using headphones.
CAN THIS BE USED FOR "ONE FINGER CHORDS" ???
what kind are the usb ports? (1.1, 2.0...)
what kind are the usb ports? (1.1, 2.0...)
Is the se2200a mk mic available?
Does this come with a case? Not mentioned yes or no in product description. Thanks
Would this mic be decent to use for podcasting/recording speaking in an untreated room? I have a 2i4 Focusrite preamp as a usb interface.
hello, I want to know if this is multipattern microphone? need to be omnidirectional and that is the quality
Is the shock mount included?
Would you rather get the sE X1 or sE 2200a II C for male vocals? Price not an issue. Based solely on quality...
Does this come with an xlr cable?
So is this the multi-patern or just cardioid? If not multi-patern why is does the description indicate it is?
how bout pushing 2 dual 15inch speakers rated @ 4 ohms each cab ?
Can this amp be adapted to be used with ipods, mp3, or cd players etc and other external devices?
I want to use this for an outside movie application. Am I correct to presume I could use a 3.5 MM stereo fitting out of my DVD player, and split to 2 1/4" jacks. Use one into each ch input and then have stereo output from the amp to the two speakers?
Is it possible to have this power 4 subs without overheating?
Can the 1/4" inputs be a link out for another amp?
can i 8ohm 1 ch and 4ohm the other
is this 500rms at 8ohms
If I switch to mono/bridge, can I run a mono signal into the A input, and run one speaker out of A and one out of B?
I need an amp to drive 2 jbl 250 watt 8 ohm speakers in a public address, I think this amp should work but I want to know for sure.
how do i get this thing to bridge with speaker wire and speakon situations
I'm thinking about getting the honey burst, but when I looked up this same guitar on sweetwater.com, it looked a lot different. Is the picture right?
If I buy this guitar with the hard case epiphone, they will come together? I'd like to avoid damage to the guitar
case/gig bag?
Hi, do you ship this item to Mexico? Zip Code 92920. If so, can you stimate the cost? I would like to buy the guitar with its hard epiphone case.
Hi, do you ship this item to Mexico? Zip Code 92920. If so, can you stimate the cost? I would like to buy the guitar with its hard epiphone case.
Is it include cable??? Guitar-Amp.
Is this a stereo unit?
My kids fight over the microphone. Any recommendation on how I can add a second microphone?
can you connect a laptop to it?
does the outlet still provide power if the unit isnt plugged in?
volume
can you use a wireless microphine with it?
Thoughts on using this for music in a dance fitness (Zumba) class?
how many watts is it
what is the speaker size
I don't see a model number listed for this product. Is this the IPA56?
Does anyone know if this fits the Rogue RM-100A Mandolin well?
Is this case a good fit for a Fender Mando-strat?
will this case for a 1917 Gibson a-4? And will the original hard case fit inside or just the mando?
What are the interior dimensions?
is it a hard or soft case?
Is this case for the A or F?
Boss is famous due to its quality! Is zoom good as boss? Does zoom provide any warranty? I think boss provides a 5 year warranty that one never uses!
can you record directly to a pc?
Would anyone know if this device is capable of outputting sound through PC speakers natively (in this case surround sound)?
Can you use just the effects and bypass the amp/cab sim?
What amp or monitor do you use with this? Especially looking for some lower cost options that would still sound decent.
how does this compare to boss me 80?
How well does the G5 perform with bass guitars?
you send to Brazil? the shipping is also free or have a cost? which the delivery time?
you send to Brazil???
What are the dimension of this case?
I cant see the exterior pocket? Is there a pocket to hold music books?
Is this case big enough to hold mutes as well as the trumpet?
Will a Cornet fit in this case or would it not be protected well?
is this guitar made in the USA?
What is "koa-patterned high-pressure laminate?" Sounds like they don't really want to tell you what wood they used for the back and sides.
what would be the recommended case for this guitar that i can order at amazon?
What is the action like? This is important to me as I'm tired of playing guitars with action that is set too high. Also, does it come with a case?
Can these be used by left handed guitar players?
is there any way to get this product shipped to Australia?
How is the bass response with this guitar? I've read several reviews by owners who stated that the bass response is lacking. Thank you.
What type of shipping box does it come in? I'm buying this as a Christmas gift and don't want to receive it in a box that has Martin on it.
Does the guitar come with a case?
Is this one of Koa Patterned better than Mahogany??? and is this guitar made in Mexico or Usa?? Thanks.
How to make 4 lines from led strips (every one 5 meters) and what i need?
can these be used in vehicles? im trying to use them inside my headlights there gonna go around the outter part around the blub is this possiable
I put this up yesterday, enjoyed it for 3 minutes and it went off and right after came with a pop sound. I checked the adapter and the green light was out. Please tell me what can I do now?
Will this kit remember it's settings if you cut power to it (turn off power to the outlet)?
can 2 strips be connected to one transformer
How to assemble? There seems to be 2 female ends to connect box to LED strip.
Can the LED ribbon be cut to a shorter length? If so, where to cut?
How many lights is this, 150 or 300?
Does anyone know how to use the DIY setting?
How do I program the DIY setting? Love the lights, but would like to use this function.
Hi im from greece.If I order now when i have it on my hands? And second request! The Native Instruments Traktor Pro 2.5 Kontrol X1 is New or used???
Does the Traktor Pro 2 software come with it, as it says on the box?
does it come with traktor pro 2?
Does this have a stereo-mix option or WaveOut Mix or WhatUHear option? Also, does it support Windows 8.1?
how long does it take to get it delivered within US?
How can I review the songs before I buy this product?
Is this a wireless microphone?
I bought thisMicroKY KHM150 Solostar Portable Karaoke w/ 5000 English Songs it shows in picture that it comes with wireless duet mic right? I just ordered mine today I want to know if it really have a duet mic too.
Can you use magic sing song chips on this karaoke system?
Does it come with song list booklet
Does the music sound like the original music or does it sound like someone's synthesizer made it up??
Is the MIC wireless?
Is the mic battery operated or rechargeable
This is not the set in the picture! I just about bought it; that isn't cool. You need to update that picture.
Hello. What kick pedal would you recomend for this?
Any Sound Lag?
Does the midi output work with Garage Band?
Can toms 1 and 2 be raised? It doesn't look like it in the picture.
Crazy question, I know, but can this kit be folded enough to store under a bed with a lot of room under it?
I have a few PDX-8 mesh heads laying around. Can I just switch out the three rubber pads with those?
does this come with a bass drum pad and pedal, blocked in the picture.
does the snare have duel zone on the rim?
I don' t know much about electronic kits but can you add things like extra symobols to this kit?
How wide is each one of the pads? Do you need one or two per speaker?
What is the compression rate? What is the weight limit before crush?
Hi, I am planning to get these for my JBL'S LSR305, will these be the right size for them or will they be too big ?
Are these pads perfectly squared or are they tapered towards to back?
Is this listing for a single 2-component pad, or for a pair of 2-component pads?
will they fit krk rokit 8s?
i have jbl's LSR 308 would they be able to handle the size?
Are the pads sold in pairs or individually? Think they'll fit my HS8's?
I just bought these to go with a pair of Gemini DJ SR-8 - 8-Inch Bi-Amped Active Channel Studio Monitors. Will these fit or did i make a mistake?
the picture is confusing, are these permanently angle up or can they be made FLAT without modification? I want my speakers to be level flat.
Is this a single unit or a pair?
How do these work on audioengine a5+? And do the help point the speaker up a little?
How well do these fit the JBL LSR305?
do they fit the gen3 rokit 6?
I'm going to move into an apartment soon, I have a 15.5 x 8 subwoofer, would ordering two sets of these help with the vibrations the subwoofer?
Shouldn't pads make the monitors face up, not down?
Would these withstand the weight of a 30lb. amp?
Is there a reason for the color?
Where is it shipped from?
Can I use this capo for both my guitar and ukulele?
Would this fit a standard 12 string acoustic?
Does it leave marks on the guitar?
Will this work for both acoustic and electric guitars?
What key is this Saxophone in?
Is there any reason a jazz teacher would not except this instrument? Would a local music store work on a repair on this instrument?
where it was manufactured?
Is the hi hat stand and dual and single kick pedals included.
My usb port for usb in dont work anymore?? any help!!
Does it come with hi hat stand &amp; Kick pedals?
I see this set doesn't come with the hi hat stand, but I understand you can use any hi hat stand correct? It does come with the set stand
What kind of Hi hat stand do I need? Do you sell that as well? I'm ready to buy if it has a hi hat stand. Thanks. Al
Can you add additional drums/cymbals to this module? Such as a 4th tom, or a 3rd cymbal?
Do you ship this drum to Brazil? What would be the final cost? And what about taxes at immigration? Tks
Can you tell me the Size of the package that came all the drum kit. Do you sell an adicional cymbal and the mount"
how do i connect this amplifier to another amplifier
how many speakers can be pluged in an daisy chained off this amp
how would i hook this up to my digitech 1101 fx processor to run thru a standard 4 by 12 cabinet ?
Serve for two drawers 2 x 15 '' 1000 watts each?
Is this Taylor a GS mini or GA? or jumbo ?? or what size is this?
This guitar is Bt2 made from mahogany but the top looks like it is made from sitka spruce from bt1? Is this made from mahogany or spruce?
what are the strings made of?
What's the different between BT2 made by mahogany and spruce&#xFF1F;
what's the difference with tsbt1?
Does it come with a case?
The picture shows the "Fearless" model. Is that correct? Been looking for one. Thanks
I am trying to run a span of 48 total feet how many repeaters will i actually need? One after Every 16 foot run?
Is all that matters the 12v input? What about the output? Do I need 12a input?
I have 3 strips connected. 2 in series and the 3rd through the amplifier. The one through the amplifier will not go green or white, just stays blank.
I need to power two Torchstart 16 foot LEDS light strips. There own power supply will only power one line, will this allow me to power two of theirs?
Will this work with a 24 V 10 m 600 LED strip?
What kind of power supply should I buy? I understand 12 volts, and DC but I don't know the dimensions of the jack.
What size is the DC Power input jack?
I need to install four strips life lights. Will two of these transformers run two strips each, end to end, with the second transformer in the middle?
I connected 3 strips to this amplifer and it is ok until I put the conyroller in fade 7 mode. Then there is a xpot where all lights go out for a few s
Does this come with the power cord for the repeater or do you have to buy it seperately
Is this an electric model? It comes up in a search for electric acuostic, but doesn't show any signs of being electric.
First off I am a beginner. I have only played on a 38 inch is it going to be harder for me with a 46 inch.
What are the exact measurements, as I want to buy a hard case for this? Or does it come with a hard case?
Are there two buttons for the guitar strap? I am just curious. :)
Being a beginner....so this is a steel string acoustic guitar? It is beautiful!
anyone know the size of the plastic bridge piece
Does this guitar use "ball end" strings? They look like maybe loop end?
Where is this guitar made?
does this guitar have the little nob on the bottom for a strap? please and thank you&eth;&#159;~&#138;
Does this guitar have a natural finish or a gloss finish?
What voltage this unit operates? Will it work with 220 Volts, AC without the use of a transformer? Thanks.
Are these condenser microphones?
What does this all come with besides the receiver and microphone? Also, what is the first jack used for? I can't read what it says...TIA!
can the handheld microphones be replaced easily if they need too?
Do it comes with a gig bag or hard case?
Are some of the lower frets unsmoothed and razor sharp?
I want to purchase a gig bag. Can anyone tell me the overall length of this bass?
goodnight I want to know what the total weight of the instrument with their accessories, because I'm very interested in purchasing the product do awai
Played acoustically could this instrument be used in place of upright acoustic bass?
Is this guitar Acoustic-Electric. Purchasing as a gift &amp; want to be sure it is.
is this guitar will fit to any hardshell case coz im planning to buy this fender sonoran?
does this guitar come with a hard shell case?
what are the dimensions of the guitar
Are the strings steal or plastic
The neck of my ukulele split. Is there some kind of warranty?
Looking for a decent Uke for an adult to learn to play. Is this a toy, or would it be a decent beginner instrument for a 20-something adult?
What is the packaging like? It might be left on my porch for a couple days so I just want to make sure it'll be safe.
Is this just painted? Is this a real kit you can finish?
DOES IT COME WITH STRINGS?
Is the finish stained, as claimed (can you see the woodgrain), or painted brown? It looks like if it's stained, that it's a dull finish. TIA.
strings
Where is it made? Hawaii?
are the stock strings that come with this uke any good or do you recommend better strings? if so, any recommendations? thanks
yeti
will this hold a samson c01u? or I need another shock mount? I know the cable won't work... but the stand and shock mount will they work?
Will this mount come and be able to be used on a Blue Yeti without having to buy any sort of extra adapters or cables?
I would have it butted up against the wall in my studio and need it to come out a good 26 or 27 inches. Will this boom make that kind of stretch?
Will this fit a audio technica at2035?
Will the shock mount hold an Apogee mic?
Will this stand and shock mount hold an Audio Technica AT-2020?
Will this hold a Blue snowball microphone?
How long is it
Will this shock mount work with an ATR-2500?
what kind of stand would i need for this?
prefer my microphone facing down slightly above my standing mouth level -can this be attached to a regular mic&amp;boom stand to facilitate this set up?
would the Audix OM-7 be compatible with this?
can i use this for a blue yeti mic??
can the shock mount fit the at2020? and what stand would be best to use?
is the mic included?
Would the Blue Bluebird Microphone fit in it?
will this hold sturdy on my proline mic stand or do you think it will tip iit over ?
Does it come with a mic
should i need a Shock Mount, and a mic stand to use my microphone with this product? or it is already included in this product?
WIll these fit in a 4mm bore hole?
does it come with the screws
What is the length of the pin between the base plate and slot/hole for guitar string? Measurement of pin length without the gear thickness.
Are these Lights Dimmable?
Does it come with a power supply or can it be connected to a simple 12v power supply?
what is the wattage or amperage?
why won't it turn on?
Can this be easily connected to a TV to have the words shown there? Single non-technical Mom needs it to be fairly easy.
does it have electrical cord
Is it easy to hook up a second microphone. Also, has anyone hooked this up to a separate speakers system? We have a home theater room, and wondering.
how many microphones can I plug in?
Is this a TOY? Is it suitable for my 2 year old grand daughter?
Does this work with a Smart T.V. which has You Tube capabilities?
I would like to use this for me to entertain residents at long term care facilities. Is this just a toy? or does it have a quality sound?
Does it have to be connected to a device that is connected to internet?
is there a way to record your performance
Does this come with a case?
the Cordoba 15SM Soprano Ukulele states the dimensions are 32x10x7 is that correct? As most ukelele s are small about 21 or 22 inches , ?
is this ukulele bigger than most soprano ukuleles? it says it is 32 inches that seems big
Does this have a high G or low G string?
What kind of strings does this have, (I already own but can't tell)?
Is it a strong ukulele? My ukes are made by Mele and they cracked this winter.
Do you setup the uke before shipping it?
what are the clear width x depth x ht. dimensions that a laptop will fit inside the formed top tray as shown in the picture.
how tall does it go, can i stand and use my lap top with this?
will the top hold absolutely flat/horizontal? Would it support a flat screen monitor on it's own stand?
WILL IT HOLD AN ARTOGRAPH IMAGE PROJECTOR?
What is the diameter of the pole stand. I want to attach a mic stand clamp to it.
Can it also double as a music stand?
I would like actual dimension (inches from floor) for highest/lowest heights.
Could I type on it without it being wobbly or is it mainly for looking at the screen (not typing)?
What is the height range for this stand. Lowest and highest?
What are its dimensions when folded up? Can the top surface be removed for traveling? and does the surface tend to tilt over when there is weight on it?
Do these produce the same color light as your "HitLights Cool White(6000K) 600 LEDs (Double Density) Flexible Light Strip" product? Which is brighter?
I want to replace the 12 volt fluorescent fixtures on a sailboat. What problems might I expect? What about adding a dimmer?
I need about 100 ft of light,can i connect them together with a bigger transformer?
which power supply do I need for the 5050 strip? also is there a connector I need to buy to attach the strip to the power supply?
The product name states that these are waterproof, but in the product specs it states that these are for indoor use only? Are they waterproof or not?
Has anyone tried this with portable recorders such as the Zoom H4n? Does it work well?
I have a Shure SM-7b mic on a Heil PL2T boom. Can I put this product around my mic there, or must I move it to a regular mic stand first? Fit/weight?
How can you record voice over for a video while watching the monitor - where does the computer go so you can see it while recording?
will the blue yeti mic fit inside this ?
Can you tell me what the dimensions are of this product when assembled ?
Will the little tripod stand for my AT2020 USB fit in here?
What size mic/mic stand will fit comfortably inside the booth?
Is this a full size viola?
Is it Varnished???
Is the setup easy?
What is the difference between a MA250 and a MA350?
Is the bridge cut?
What are the sizes of the rack toms?
Are the cymbals pictured included in this package? Do the "cymbal stands" and the "hi-hat stand" include the cymbals? Straight talk, please!
Does this come with everything shown in the picture? Like all the shells with heads? and the stands with cymbals, etc...?
Does this include all the foot pedals necessary for bass and anything else that might need it?
What brand of drum heads?
Does this drumset come with drum heads or is it just the shells?
Can I switch the controller to use use this one, which has 133 light effects (like chasing light) and shows more than one color at a time?
What is the width of the strip / tape ? (Thanks)
will these lights work around the top of a pool above the waterline? How many sets can you use together?What all acesseries do I need to use 5 strips
Is this exact roll come with the LEDs on a black roll or a white roll? my other SuperNight one is a black roll of LEDs.
I just received my shipment for "waterproof" LED lights. The package says the lights are not water resistant. Are these all the same?
How many of these strips can I connect together off of 1 power supply?
Would these work off battery with this http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007... product?
Anyone notice if their string of LED's appeared to have other segments soldered inline or spliced in using solder?
Could I connect this strip to this one: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B006...
Is this strip compatible with this one: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B006...
Does it work well for flying?
For sure it is a FIXED bell case right?
What position do the backpack straps hold the horn in? Upright - bell facing sky , or horizontal - horn sticking out from the sides of the body?
Will this work well for a King single horn to be used by a 10 year old?
Does this case hold a DOUBLE French horn?
Will a Yamaha 567D fit into this case? Many thanks!!
How heavy is the Microphone ? Will it hurt if my wife hits me with the Microphone ? If so, will how much will it hurt (On a scale of 1 to 10)
Does it have dual voltage?
Does this come with 2 mics?
Is your iPad able to plug into this?
does this karaoke keep a score when the person sings?
do the words come up on the screen if you use Karaoke CD's?
can I purchase a wireless microphone for it?
How much does it weigh?
how many watts is the speaker
does this machine require 220v or 110v power ? and will it work correctly without having an electrical problems in saudi arabia?
Will this work with a Windows surface tablet?
Will this work with an iPad 4?
What is the unit constructed of..plastic, aluminum, etc? A different one I had the plastic, spring-loaded jaws broke after a short time.
What is in the back? Does it have a 1/4&Prime; 20 thread?
It works with iPad mini but its real tight. Castiv provide extra pads for iPad Air.
im about to buy it, is it compatible iwth ipad mini ?
Will this work with a Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1?
What does it mean "easily switch between portrait and landscape"??
This device blocks the camera lens of my Galaxy Note 10.1 How are you suppose to use it?
I am confused by the dimensions. Reads 9.7 x 8.6 x 0.4 inches. How tall is the strip and how thick?
Will these work to add lighting above my kitchen cabinets? Does this come complete or do I need to buy anything else
Can use in 240V electric plug
Are these "warm white" or "multicolor"? The heading says multicolor, but the product description says warm white.
Am I require to purchase a transformer? Or solely the power adapter will be sufficient? Please help, thanks.
How many lumen per LED? What is the spacing between each LED? How many LED in the reel? Total Lenght? Thanks.
lumen
How do you get it to change color, or does it just cycle through the colors automatically?
Will the color and light output be good for an aquarium? I want to attach them on the underside of the canopy.
can this be placed around a corner?
I am confused by the dimensions. Reads 9.7 x 8.6 x 0.4 inches. How tall is the strip and how thick?
Will these work to add lighting above my kitchen cabinets? Does this come complete or do I need to buy anything else
Can use in 240V electric plug
Are these "warm white" or "multicolor"? The heading says multicolor, but the product description says warm white.
Am I require to purchase a transformer? Or solely the power adapter will be sufficient? Please help, thanks.
How many lumen per LED? What is the spacing between each LED? How many LED in the reel? Total Lenght? Thanks.
lumen
How do you get it to change color, or does it just cycle through the colors automatically?
Will the color and light output be good for an aquarium? I want to attach them on the underside of the canopy.
can this be placed around a corner?
I was hoping to link 3 or 4 together. Will have them powered with the Intermatic ML200RT 200 Watt Low Voltage Lighting Transformer. Possible?
does this strip of lights come with the adapter to actually plug it into a 110v wall plug or is it just the strip of lights and you need to buy something else to be able to plug it in?
Can this led strip be connected to a Malibu lights type outdoor power cable and controller?
dumb question, cove lighting in a room, 15 feet long.. if i double the led strip, will it make it double brighter? (add 2 strips side by side)
how wide across are these?
what else do i need to buy with this ? it is for kitchen undercounter. thank you
Can these be hardwired into a regular dimer switch or do I need to buy a specific dimmer switch for the LED strip?
Im going to install this in a ceiling for cove lighting on 3 walls. Total length would be approximately 60'. What accessories would I need? 1 transformer or are there different sizes? mounting clips?
Can these be hardwired to a switch?
I am thinking about purchasing 5 lighting ever flexible LED outdoor strip. Do you have 1 driver big enough to carry the load of 5-16 foot strips. I th
Do you know if it works with a double pedal?
I would like for my son to be able to listen to music and drum with it. Is this possible with this set?
Do you provide your own bass peddle to strike the bass pad?
Does this have MIDI In &amp; Out?
does it come with a bass pedal
How many tracks can you record to with this software?
Does this Mixcraft Pro Studio 6 software come with an actual physical CD disc that can be installed in a computer... or is it a digital download?
Does this program have any sort of pitch control options?
Does this mixcraft pro studio 6 have unlimited license or will it expire after a certain amount of days?
Can you import your own backing tracks and record with them and save and burn to do mp3
please define Studio 6 Digital Audio Workstation. Is it on CD disk for instalation?
Can you install this on more than one computer?
Im new to this and I want to know if I can use plugins like Melodyne (or other) with this? Is it compatible?
I don't have disc drive can it be downloaded only digitally?
Will this adapt to a zoom hq2 video/music recorder?
Does the case come with the velvet cover to buffer between the bows and violin?
Will the case compartment hold a Kun shoulder rest?
Does this case come with a humidifier or at least a place to add one? E.g., a Humistat
Wher is this case made?
Any idea where I can get spare parts? One of the bow holders broke, and I'd like to replace it.
There is some dispute as to the weight of the case. What does the case actually weigh?
Can the exterior pocket hold a 12" wide sheet music folder?
What is the actual weight of this case?
Can you record to an iPad with this mixer via a USB to lightning connector.
does it come with power cord ? and a Manuel ?
Is it possible to record an interview via skype and have latency free monitoring with this via a PC?
Does it actually come with recording software in the box?
What's the difference between the X1204USB? Just FX?
what's in the box?
I own the 802 USB and can't overdub drums without also mixing in the source. I record to an iPad via Lightning to USB. Same issue?
Would this record vocal and guitar as cleanly as a Scarlett 2i2? I can't decide which to get. It would be nice to DJ in the future tho with this.
For USB recording, can I have four people (each using their own mic) sent to my computer at the same time? Using it for a podcast.
Does this come with the usb cable that connects the computer?
How many pound has it?
Will this work with an android tablet running the edjing app? (saw on their youtube page that you can use dj controllers now with the app. THANKS!
hello i wanna know if i can use virtual dj with it? thanks
Will this unit work well using online streaming music from sources like Grooveshark, Pandora, etc? Keeping the levels consistent as needed?
What kind of/how many watts speakers do you suggest? We have a 40W amp but someone told me the speaker has to plug straight into the mixer.
will this work with a stereo amplifier
Hercules dj control instinct usb dj controller with audio outputs or pioneer ddj-sb please? i'm thinking of getting into djing.
does this work with serato software?
Will this be ok for a 11.5 year old boy with no DJ experience? Also, does it come with everything we need to use it right out of the box?
will this work with a stereo amp
will this work if only plugged into my keyboard? or do i need an additional power source?
Will this work well with a computer if I buy the correct adapter?
Does this microphone require batteries?
I bought this mic and connected it to my computer from an XLR to usb and a 6.3 to 3.5mm adapter, but nothing happened. Anyways to fix this?
would this mic be good recording vocals on a computer
Will this work to plug into the hisonic hs120b portable pa system?
what are the height adjustment measurements, it will be used by a 10 year old petite
What are the adjustment heights?
what is the weight limit
How tall wil this go, suitable for standing? Will the top lay horizontally? How is it holding up for you? Thanks!
Weight? Is it convenient to transport for frequent rehearsals or gigs?
Does the tray tilt? Is there an adjustable screw or something on the back to hold it in place? I have a semi heavy binder I don't want it to tip.
What is the minimum height adjustment?
Is this sturdy enough to use as a textbook stand for 5lb books? I need a tall textbook stand, and all I can find are desktop ones with no pole/legs.
height adjustment suitable for a petite (10 yrs) girl?
What are the dimensions of the tray? We are looking for something 20+ inches that will enable several sheets of music to be viewed at one time?
Is this stand magnetic
what is the weight
When I ordered this stand I was told it would take one to two months to arrive, so I canceled the order. Did you have to wait a long time for your's?
if is good for powered speakers
What is the diameter of the poles holding up the speaker?
what is the weight capacity for each?
Any idea what the lowest height setting is? I'm hoping to get a stand I can use while sitting at my desk. Thanks!
Would this hold a 44 key (25 in long) keyboard? Thank you!
Will this stand hold a 64 key keyboard?
What is the maximum weight this stand has the capacity to support?
What is the dimension of the top and bottom bars?
How would an 88 keyboard fit on this stand? Are the arms adjustable? thx
Is this stand black? In the picture it looks more navy but it says it is black.
does this come with the power supply
can you press down the keys? (like a real piano) or is it just touch?
Can I connect an amp to this keyboard?
What pedal works with this keyboard?
Should I buy this one or the PSR-E433 for young children (3-8) and me, all just starting.. Notsure if the Lighted keys are advisable..
What pedal works with this keyboard?
does anyone know what the "mm" after the model number EZ220 means? I would really like to know before buying it, as the other EZ220 does not say MM
Just so I am clear on what is included, there are no hand held mikes, but 2 lavaliers and 2 headsets?
Can anyone tell me what buttons are on the body pack? I am unable to find a description or picture of it anywhere?
I notice the antennas come out the back. I'm mounting these in a rack so they'll stay inside the box I assume. Any issues with range or interference?
does it come with the headsets that is shown in the picture
* What's your experience with battery life? We really need to have at least 2 1/2 hours. *Do you use NiMh rechargeables or standard alkaline cells?
if you buy a microphone for extra ha (you could connect a headset microphone and a handheld microphone at the same frequency to switch between them?)
Other GTD Audio mics are advertised as diversity and are not. Does one microphone switch between antennae A and B seamlessly on this unit?
Does this have individual outputs for each mic?
Anyone ever tried to hook this system up to Polk Audio model T-15 speakers? How would I do it, would I need a separate device?
I get constant interference with these mics, how to fix this?
Comparison request: Nano Vypyr vs Vypyr VIP 1. Thoughts / sound / performance / ease of use comparison? Trying to decide between the two. Thanks!
Would It also work for acoustic BLUES, HARMONICA, &amp; VOCALS, not simualtaniously of course?
Does the Peavey Vypyr Sanpera 1 or 2 Programmable Foot Controller work with this amp?
Is the wall wart 120-240 volts or just 120? Thanks in advance
And iam seeing conflicting specifcations as far as how many watts some of the merchants advertise 15w and some 7w is it 15or 7 watts
does this come with a power cord
Hi. Is this flute solid silver?
What does the limited warranty cover?
May I know if there is a warranty that comes with it?
Is this flute ready to play or does it require some maitenance?
Has anyone played any slide and/or old Blues on this guitar? I'm learning and I'm looking for an affordable guitar with good sound.
How does it sound for blues slide?
Is this a electric guitar
Did anyone need to have the Guitar set-up to increase playability on first arrival?
does skb have a compatible case?
what is the country of origin?
how does this compare to a national, i played a steel national triolian which i would buy if i could afford. it was nothing short of amazing.
Can you do chords on this keyboard??
for what age group?
can you actually power this keyboard through a computer usb port, since the description syas, "usb powered," or do you , must you, only use batteries? and is a usb cable included?
Is it compatible with Finale Songwriter 2012, FL Studio 10, and Reason 5?
does it have a power cord
Can you purchase a pedal accessory to use on this keyboard?
Can you plug this into a computer and use it as a USB MIDI controller?
Does this keyboard come with a music stand for the music book?
Can you use earphones with this?
What size is it, roughly? How big are the keys?
does this kit come with a power supply? plug in power source?
Can you daisy chain multiple sets together to go beyond the 16.4' length?
What is the power rating on this strip?
where is the power source, how do you plug them in?
Can this be used as a wireless device?
Does this have any game mode &amp; scoring like the ET Magicsing system does?
Can you record, save, and playback your own songs?
could anyone who owns solostar hindi karaoke system tell me if it includes songs by kishore kumar ? want to get it for brother in law's 50th.Thx
It is worldwide use 110-220v
can you provide a song list?
Provide some details about the chip to add more hindi songs through expansion slots for Solostar Portable Karaoke System Hindi
Is anyone using this with the Blue Snowball microphone? Does this mount well onto it? Any issues?
Is this as big as they say it is? If you where to measure it, how big is the diameter?
Should I get on of these if my microphone has a built in pop filter?
How many layers are there?
can it connect to the Samson Go Mic Portable USB Condenser Microphone
Can you mount this windscreen to a tabletop?
Does it terr easily? My current one is basically almost ripped apart for it was not the best quality.
Is this compatible with the Samson Meteor?
Has anyone tried mounting this to the Blue Yeti desk-stand? (I notice that the piece opposite the screw is not perfectly flat and straight.)
I have this guy, Does anyone know how to clean it after the kids (Toddlers) use it?
Has anyone used this w/ sound equipment / &amp; or, synthesizer use? Thanks for ANY help!
can anyone please tell me how tall is this bench? I am short and need a bench that is 21 inches in height from the floor to where a person sit. Thanks
How much weight is the limit?
the product says it has three height from 19' to 21". Can I really set the chair to 21 inches in height. Sometime, there is typo.
Can I hook a computer to the system for karaoke?
would this work for an outdoor rodeo arena?
How much is the sound output? Other similarly priced products claim upto 2000W. Is this suitable for a 3000sqft hall use for small musical nights?
can i add extra wireless microphones to the system. we our look for a pa system for village hall board of trustees .
how many watts does this system put out??
I would like to know how many watts the mixer and speakers have
can this system accomodate a church that hold 350 people ?
can i hook and i pod to play threw the speakers?
does it come with an ac power adapter to plug into a wall socket?
does it get loud enough to jam with acoustic drums?
How does it differ from the original ZT Lunchbox Amp?
Hello, does the ZT lunchbox junior amplifier work for acoustic guitars?
Can you connect this to computer with usb port?
Does this come with a warranty?
can we record a melody played on it?
Is there a way to mute the sound so it only goes to the earphones but not to the speakers?
Does it have MIDI IN and OUT ports? I did read the product description, and it does not answer my question.
What songs are included in the accompanying song book?
what kind and how many batteries needed to play this instrument
Does it have a pedal with it to be plugged in to the keyboard.
Does it have a pedal with it to be plugged in to the keyboard.
Can you connect a microphone to this keyboard?
what power supply do you use?
i bought 1 yet to install it in my truck... ima a bass head and sq junkie this means i play my music loud-MY Question IS HOW SENSITIVE IS IT?
i plugged everything in and the green light (which indicates power is on) and when i press buttons on the remote a red light blinks but no LED light
Can this be used with RGB 10 watt outdoor landscape lights if it was kept dry and waterproof
I want to apply to my guitar amp cabs, one red, one blue. What do I need-Power, etc?
Are the two channels independent of each other. Can they be programed to work differently?
How would you hook up a RGB+W strip to this controller? Is it possible to control both with this or would I need a RGB+W-specific controller?
Can I use individual RGB leds in series (approx 15 total) and use this device to control them including the sound function? Power considerations?
Will this remote work with halo lights for a car ? Thanks
I want to have 4 strips (2 connected to each port on the controller) total that are 300 5050 rgb strips. How big should my power supply be?
Recently got this mic.. Getting a lot of hissing noise at all settings, with my canon t3i.. (its connected, green light on). Any settings advice?
If you're trying to record audio from say ~20ft away (ex. - wedding vows recorded from the audience) will this still be effective?
I noticed the shock mount is designed like the Rode Video Mic. Does this mic have the issues with the rubber bands squeaking, like the Rode Video Mic?
Will this properly mount on the Canon Vixia HF model camcorders?
I have a T5 not T5i, will this work on that?
Will this stop the focus sound when recording with the Nikon D5200?
Does this mic work with the nikon d3200
Will this fit a canon eos rebel shoe? Or do I need a cold shoe adapter?
does this mic work with a canon 70D?
Any recommendations on wind screen to use? The one answer was deleted by Amazon. Thanks
Do the keys light up so you know which keys to push or are they just for decoration?
Does it include power supply?
Does this have a headphone jack?
Does this have full-size keys?
Does this have a way to connect to a computer? Midi? Usb? Other?
Can you use a microphone to sing while playing, in a way your voice is amplified through the keyboard's speakers?
Is a microphone included?
Do You Need a Cab For The amp To Play? Ive Never Used and Orange :/
My amplifier went out. Could I Wire this Orange guitar amp head to the speaker to get it going again?
If it's made in China, does it have that British Tone?
If used with a stereo effects pedal, is the headphone output in stereo?
Can I record straight into a mixer from the headphone out? Is a DI box necessary?
No effects loop? Has anyone put a reverb pedal in front of it? Did it sound OK doing so?
Can I use the headphone as a line out to the FOH board?
Can you just use your headphones? Or do I need a cabinet?
How many ohms is the amp? It says 4 but the cabinet it suggests with it is an 8 ohm cab.
I play metal (normally in drop C). Is this thing cruchy enough to pull it off?
what is the recommended age group for a junior drum set
is it suitable for a 12 year old
What is the size of the base drum?
Does it come with a stool?
How much space does this drum set take up? My son has a small room.
WHAT AGE RANGE?
hello, please, this lavalier system comes with the lavalier mic itself?... i do not see it detailed in description...? thank you in advance!
what cable do I need to connect to a camcorder for this product?
Does this have an XLR input?
The description lists and describes the handheld transmitter (microphone). One was not included in my shipment...
Does this product come with the cable to connect the transmitter to the mixer?
would this system work outdoors, for filming with a DSLR? or does it need to be plugged in to a wall or something? or different system for filming?
Is the balanced XLR output male or female? Also, is the unbalanced 1/4" output male or female?
Can I use more than one mic with this unit for shooting videos
I have a canon vixia hf g20 camera and i cant seem to get it to work with the mic. i purchased the 1/8 inch trs to 1/4 inch ts cable and wont work?
Is this the type of mic used in theater productions that can be taped to the actor's forehead?
What kind of straps it includes?
I'm new to the accordion world and I've heard that this is one is excellent for begginers. Does this accordion come with straps also?
is the hohner panther is a tone sol ???
Could I connect this Mbox to my PC via USB the same way I do with my older Mbox? Or can the Mbox only be used via its fire wire port? Thanks.
Does this come with a free upgrade to pro tools 11?
Does this come with Pro Tools 10, 10 &amp; 11, or 11 only? I need Pro Tools 10.
does it include protools 10 and the ilok
does it come with an ilok
Is Pro Tools 11 compatible with Windows 8?
Is 11 compatible with Windows 8?
if I have a 4 pin firewire port, this will still work?
Does this come with a fire wire to usb adapter?
If you upgrade to pro-tools 11, will this package run on Windows 8??
I found two models of this set, one in agathis body and the other alder body...which one is best?
Can you please tell me where this guitar is made? Thanks!
My son will be turning 8, would this be a good set for him?
Do you have to assemble the guitar or can you right out of the box?
does the gig bag come with shoulder straps on the back ?
I it an actual gig bag or is it a plastic bag with a zipper that's going to rip and soon as it's used? Not a deal breaker, just want to know.
Is the amp a Fender Frontman 10G Amp or the Squier SP-10 amp?
Is this a full size guitar?
As the guitar weighs just
does this guitar / amp package have "distortion" ?
Does the guitar need assembly on purchase ? I hope it can be played out of the box. Tuning I can manage, but not assembly.
Is the instructional DVD satisfactory for a total newb or should I look elsewhere?
Is this a lefty? as shown
What's the difference between this and the "Stop Dreaming, Start Playing" Set ?
does it come with just the amp
can this be shipped to trinidad?
I'm considering buying this, may I see the other things included? Specifically the case, the others are not as important. Thanks.
Is this a regular sized guitar, or a mini version?
Can it rotate to use the iPad in landscape mode?
Can This Be used for the IPad Air 2?
Does this fit an iPad 4 Retina Display (model before the new Air)?
Can I make this stand work for a Nexus 10?
Will this work if you have a case on the iPad?
What size should I use for KEF X300A speakers?
Will these fit JBL LSR305's??
I have KRK Rokit G2 8 inches, Should I order a Medium or Large?
Would these be compatible with a pair of Audio Engine A5+'s?
I'm worried about my studio monitors sliding off these stands... Are there some sort of suction cups? How do they hold them? I have the Rokit 6's G3.
Would these be good for JBL LSR305?
is this a pair?
Anybody using this with KEF LS50's and if so how is it and what size do you use ?
I have a pair of KEF LS50's...should I get medium or large?
Will these fit My Polk Audio Sda 2's ?
Hello, Would a 3/4 violin fit in this stand?
Would an F style mandolin fit on this? Looks like it might...
Will it fit a 4/4 violin? Thanks :-)
how about a baritone ukulele?
Willa tenor ukulele fit in this stand?
Is it large enough to hold the ukulele in a soft case?
Does a 21" ukulele fit perfectly in the 21" case or is it too small ?
Will a long neck soprano fit in this? It says 22.5 body length
I have a soprano lenght of 21.8 inches will that fit the 21.5 inch case
What age would be appropriate, cause my son is 2 years ...
how deep is the case?
I have a lanakai tenor ukelele, will this fit?
I can use this drum whith a double bass pedal ?
which end of the usb port does it have the big rectangle one or the smaller house shaped one?
I want to buy a electronic kit for my 10 yr old, is it a good starter kit?
CAN ADD CIMBALS
what is the voltage range? 110 - 220v? or 110v? only
Just wanted to be sure that this kit comes with a kick pedal?
can you fold the drum
I want to buy this for my 13 year old who loves playing drums but never owned one, he did take lessons on a conventional drum set, is this good for h
Can you record with this kit?
I bought your drum recently. I set it up pretty much but the sound from my earphone is not only great, but also only one side working(right).
how much is the weight of the bass unpacked
The case for the item is the Gretsch G6297 hardshell case. Search G6297 on Amazon. or we can special order them in for you. Thanks, My Music Life
Which gretsch hard case fits this bass guitar? Do you sell it? If not, can you point us to someone who does?
can turn the smoke detectors? Sticky residue on the floor? or furniture? smells the fog? contaminated food the fog? Thanks!
Will I be able to use my chauvet obey 40, if I buy a five pin dmx cable to control fog output from a distance? I need more than the 15 foot remote.
What is the required voltage ?
Is the tank removable?
Can the remote be disconnected from the machine and I can plug in my wireless Chauvet remote.
Does it come with the fog liquid? if not, what kind can one use with this?
Does this product come with the 15 foot remote?
Are the keys touch sensitive, are they full size keys??
Is it compatible with apple software so that it can be used as a MIDI keyboard for garageband?
Will this keyboard work with Garageband?
Can u split the keyboard into 2 voices??
Macbook pro
May I plug a pen drive on it with midi files?
Does it have Arabic beats? Does it come with charger?
Can u hook this up to a speaker for more sound if the speaker takes a usb?
Does it work with rechargeable batteries
Hi there does this keyboard have the Portamento &amp; Legato features
ok so im ordering new heads for this drum set would a 22 inch bass drum head fit this bass drum
what type of drum sticks does it come with?
do the two toms adjust so they are more angled than in the picture?
is there any insrtuctions to put drum set together
how big is the drum kit set up overall. looking to place on an area rug.
what is the shipping dimension? (please answer it in meters or inch) and how boxes are?
Does it come with the throne (Chair) shown in the picture
I'm 20 years old and I'm thinking about getting this drum set. I wanna know if this is truly a good set for adults and if it sounds good?
how many milimeters are the threads on the cymbal stands?
How much weight is this drumset?
what is the size of the complete set. 12 inches seems pretty small?
would this be recommended for a 4 1/2 yr old?
Is this drum set good enough for a seven year old boy?
Is the color of this stand black ??
Can anyone recommend a good second tier to fit this or explain how to get a KSA7500 to fit properly (the square tube appears to be too big)?
What is the depth of this stand or the distance it sits out away from a wall?
will my Casio Ctk510 (It is 61 keys) fit on this stand?
What is the lowest height after adjustment?
Will Yamaha PSR-E443 fit on this stand? Thanks
Would you recommend this for stage use? Is it sturdy yet light or easy to transport/set-up?
Has anyone experienced any shaking with hard pounding in a big keyboard? (Mine is a Yamaha P-105). Thank you.
what is the depth of the keyboard platform?
Does this stand collapse (fold)?
Hello, I have the original Floyd Rose and need some parts.(Jackson guitar), is this all metal? Same than the images shown? Thanks
Could someone provide some links for installation instructions for this set? Thanks!
Will this fit a Made In Mexico strat?
Do the ball ends of the strings fit into this bridge? Or, on a Stratocaster, would the strings still be fed through the existing holes in the body?
Would this fit on my Ibanez rg370 dx?
What type of guitar did you put it on?
Would this fit on a Fender MIJ 1986 Contemporary Telecaster?
Hello wanted to know how many boxes they ship
Are these better than Gammon drumsets?
Does this drum set include all the stands for the hi-hat, cymbals, snare drum, etc?
where can i find a manual to put these together?bought them for my 12 yr old grand son and want to set them up for him before christmas.any one know o
Can someone please give me the head sizes on the snare kick and toms and the cymbal sizes?
Is the base drum foot striker piece included?
Do they come with a drum key?
The tom sizes listed seem to be off by a half inch. It says 10.5, 12.5, and 16.5 but you can not buy new heads in these sizes, only the standard 10, 12, and 16 inch sizes. Is this a misprint or are these actually odd sized toms? If I bought new heads...
wht should I search/google to get the instructions?
I want to buy new headdrums for this one, but i dont know what's the diametre of tom 1, tom 2, floor tom, and snare?
How do you attatch it to vertical surfaces? Does it require close adherence to a wall, floor, etc, or can it float with some air space between surfaces and still be effective?
I need to dampen noise through a hollow core door 32"x80". Any recommendations on how to cut out for knobs/hinges, and then to attach to the door?
Can I hang it up or tape it on a window to block traffic noise?
Could I attach this to all the sides of a large cardboard box to make a sleep chamber? I know it wouldn't be perfect, but surely it would help a bit?
How thick is this?
Can this be used in a boat's engine compartment as an alternative to Acoutiblok for example?
I would like to block conversation noises across the wall in my office. Would this be a suitable material to be used under a 2nd layer of drywall?
My bedroom shares a wall with my neighbor in our condo. Will this drown out his TV and voice through the wall?
Can this be cut and taped together to make a custom shape ( 6' x 5')?
Can I hang this around the bedroom walls of my apartment to prevent noise transfer through the walls both from my room and into it?
Hi. What is Max SPL?
If connected to a "Behringer Xenyx Q802USB USB Audio Mixer" will turn on? Or I still need the phantom power to turn on?
How do I power on this mic. I have the 3 prong chord and it works with my other mic but not with this one?
Can you use a USB to hook it up to a PC or laptop and record???
Thanks, Fatpicker, I am asking if the radius is 7 1/2", 12", 14, or specifically what the specific radius of that neck is. Thanks once more.
Are piezo magnets inplace ?
Would one be able to replcace the standard nut with slight modification to make it able to use a floyd rose style locking nut on this?
Are the headstock, neck and fingerboard finished and ready to be fitted or has there been a prime coat applied, or neither?
Has the nut been cut? There doesn't seem to be any string slots in the nt.
Is the string nut included?
What size are the frets?
Would this neck be a good replacement for a squire bullet strat?
What machine heads work on this neck?
Will this work on a squier?
I am wodering, has anyone used this on an acoustic cello? i wonder if this will pickup the lower sounds
I'm planning on purchasing this for a viola. How do I clip this on to the F holes without damaging the instrument?
Has anyone owned and used both the WCP-60V and the WCP-60G? Are they exactly the same, or not? Does one have a longer cord? The G says 8 foot long.
How long exactly is the cord that comes with this pickup? Thank you. The amazon listing doesn't say.
Since this pickup is made for a violin, I assume it would also work for a mandolin with f-holes. But what about an oval-hole mandolin?
Is there a mic built into this i am just a little confused as to what exactly this product is.
Which side of the violin do you clip yours to?
Can you connect this to a portal speaker directly (e.g., jbl charge or jawbone) instead of an amp?
Can this be used for recording?
Has anyone run this through a sound system? I play with my church's band and I'm wondering if it'll sound ok. Would it plug into a direct box?
Can I use a regular microphone stand or do I need to purchase a stand specifically made for a theramin?
What is the mm of the power input head?
Is this item made in USA?
Would this amp and cord work with this theremin? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00F...
Could you please point me to everything extra on Amazon that I need to purchase to play this ready to go? Which mic stand, cable and amp?
Can the loop be detached so that volume could be steady and only pitch would be controlled by motion?
Is there anything that makes it better then the regular B3 besides being longer?
Is it possible to power this theremin with a USB to DC Power cable?
Are they potted?
It can be used to wiring with push/pull pots and make it work as single coils?
Is this compatible with Flying v clg 45???
Are these better than Powered by Lace pickups?
what kind of finish, lacquer, oil...needs to be applied?
Does the neck need to be sanded or is it already?
Does anyone know if this would be compatible with my Peavey Falcon? I'm a noob, not sure what to look at, thanks!!
This neck appears, from the pictures, to have a round heel (like a Strat). Telecasters have a flat heel. Is the picture wrong or the description?
Will this fit a strat style guitar?
How's the fretwork? Does it need much fine-tuning? I wouldn't expect too much, but I'm curious...
would this fit the rondo tele-copies? i want the sx but i hate how they painted the maple
What is the fret board radius? Also, what size are the frets?
What is the fret board radius? Also, what size frets does it have?
Can this be rack mounted?
can I plug two cabinets at once?
Can I plug 2 speaker cabinets into this amp?
does this come with a footswitch
How many ohms is the "Behringer BXD3000H Bass Guitar Amplifier Head" for its connection to a speaker cabinet?
Will the "Behringer BXD3000H Bass Guitar Amplifier Head" work with the "Seismic Audio - 210 Bass Guitar Speaker Cabinet"?
Do you have a echo effect built in?
Does the powersupply for this mixer has a universal input voltage i.e. 100 - 240 VAC
I can't get the microphone signal to my PC when I can hear the music on my PC. When the signal is there I can't hear the music from my PC.
I have the Behringer 302usb i catch a lot of static or back ground noise if upgrading to this will the noise in the background disappear?
Razer Blackshark headset mic not working with this board. Can anyone suggest a fix?
Does this have a built in noise-gate, or would I have to buy a separate noise-gate?
can u use this mixer with power speakers
Are the effects that are included with this model real time effects? Can I hear them with effects as I play?
Is this mixer USB-powered, or does it require auxiliary power?
to connect my 80's synth (has the midi 5-pin in/out on the back), would I only need one plug going from midi out to the 1/4" outlets on the mixer?
can two ev. elx115p be enough for a 3000sf as a church
Hi everyone id like to know if i had 2 of these how many people can this be good for? and what is the continuous power on these"
What do I need to connect an ipod to these and what mixer do you use for yours?
does speaker charges ipod
can I get 3 of these and link them together to daisy chain ??
Do I need to turn on both speakers to daisy chain ??
I want some good speakers for outside also...are these speakers good for outside too? And can they be daisy chained?
can it sustain with indian voltage range of 220v - 240v..?
Does this one (QX1202 USB) has reverb/echo control on each mic input lines?
Can you monitor USB playback (audio from computer) while sending audio to computer? It seems like only 1 or the other.
Housing Case? apart from the mixer brings 110v charger and u-control??
You can tell me to include this product in the box, comes with charger?, which brings other accessories I need to buy but it comes with everything
I want to buy this product but want to know if you are coming and includes the charger and turn your audio interface for connection to computer
Hi! What charger included? I need POWER SUPPLY PSU6-EU 230V EU Power Supply for UB1002FX, UB1202FX, XENYX (1002FX, 1202FX), QX1002USB and
Does it provide 48V Phantom Power needed for Condenser microphones?
If I plugged in microphone and guitar, will it be recorded as 2 individual sound tracks in Audacity or Traction or I'll get one track for both?
Can I hook this up to a piano keyboard, laptop/ipod and a sound system to perform on stage together? My goal is to play piano and have backing track
can it run on batteries?
Has anyone tried using this mixer with other software products such as Fruityloops or Sony Acid?
What driver do you use for this mixer? The one from Behringer puts this high-pitched hum in the background of everything.
Is there a way to monitor through headphones while listening to accompaniment track and not record this all on one track? HELP!!
Does the headphone jack have latency? I have noticed slight latency in the headphone monitor on other inexpensive Behringer devices (i.e. the UCA202)
what is the bit depth? can this record 96khz?
It is compatible with Steinberg Cubase recording software?
How do I connect an RCA audio source (CD player) into this while maintaining the audio from my 3 mics? The 2-track mutes the mics.
Can this mixer control the audio input from USB cable or RCA ? It do have controls(EQ,level, comp, etc) for all 12 channel, but no control for USB or
Does this model (Q1202USB) comes with Tracktion4 Software?
Is it compatible with Garageband?
Does this come with a USB cable?
Does this unit have all channels out through the usb, or is it just a stereo out?
Is this a powered unit?
Is this compatible with Garage Band?
Does it support simaltaneous multitrack recording with programs like adobe auditions?
such a friend and I made the purchase a month ago and passing q not send me please
Hi, I'm using two Audio-Technica atr2100 usb/xlr mics and would like to plug in a 3rd source, say Skype or GChat audio. Will the mixer support this?
Issue with driver installation while connecting via USB. ( running windows 7). Any comments or inputs?
So this mixer has 48hz of phantom power on each channel, being able to power most condensor mic's, since it is aux (wall-powered), correct?
Can you only plug in microphones with the larger mic plugs, or does this mixer accept 3.5mm microphone inputs?
2 mics in, USB into Comp. Will the single line show as an audio device in Skype or do I need software for Skype to recognize the interface?
hi, I can connect my turntable to preamp inputs on the mixer?
what voltage power adapter coming with package?
Can this be used with a Microphone MXL 770 connected directly or I need another power source for the mic?
My computer is hooked up to my receiver via hdmi. If i connect this to my computer, will the audio from the mic go to my receiver via hdmi?
Do I need to use USB for the compressor feature to work?
Does this guitar come with a built in tuner?
Where do you plug your amp cord in?
Does this come with strings?
I need to connect 2 of this speakers for Stereo sound? How?
Does this item have bluetooth
I recently bought this speaker. I'm using an iPhone 4 but it's not charging? Why not?
I like to know more about this speakers Does it has input for MP3 ? That's the input I use for my RMX Hercules mixer gnat I a pm using ?
How can one directly hook up a laptop to this speaker? Will a male to male usb cable work into the usb flash on the speaker? or is there a better way
Trying to decide between the WK-225, CTK-4200, and CTK-3200 . Any thoughts?
are the keys touch sensitive or are they weighted ?
does it have external speakers ?
is it touch sensitive
Has anyone noticed a slight buzz when you have multiple keys pressed? It seems to happen when I have two or more keys pressed lightly.
Is it possible to plug in a pedal? The product description doesn't say.
Can you record and play back?
I bought this, and now the power key and all the piano keys work, but none of the sound selection keys work. Does anyone know this issue?
Is the power supply dual voltage? 220/110?
How much does it weigh?
Do the keys light up at all if you are using the media disc on the computer?
what is the compatability on the software???
Can you hook a mic into this?
Why doesn't it have 88 keys???? Hmmmmmmm??????
model ctk 4200 elec keyboard does it have sustaining petal
Will this work with a MAC system?
are the keys standard piano size keys or are the narrower?
weighted keys?
What kind of recording features are compatible with the unit? ie. is there a recording device built-in to the keyboard? and can you record to a computer what you are playing via the included USB cord? (or would that require alternative software)
does the keyboard have any of these Compliant USB MIDI port 1/8" Audio line input Headphone output Power Adapter Included
What is the configuration of the expansion slot that the X32 ships with? Is it USB able to connect multi-track to PC? If so, how many channels?
Can we route/split 1 input (e.g. 1 mic input) into say 3 different inputs as if 3 mics all receiving the same audio source?
P16 integration... I have many Sennheiser IEM EW300 G3's &amp; love them - If I switch Presonus to X32 is there compelling IEM integration switch to P16?
Can you assign the motorized faders to pro tools and fl studio??
What are the functional differences among X32 Full, Compact and Rack?
on the x32-q do you us you andoid to listen to your mix?
Can I still use an external compressor/limiter gate with it? If so, how?
If purchased in the USA, does this product come with a 3 year warranty from Behringer?
Can it memorize the settings (effects routings, etc) for a particular mic input? We want to save mic input settings tailored to individual singer
Does this work with adobe audition. Direct from board to computer?
Does anyone know what makes this more expensive than the 2300? They look to be the same...
I didn't see if this was a WEIGHTED KEY Instrument . If so we'er sold if not we'll keep looking
Is there an attached stand for my music books?
Can anyone recommend a good music stand for this keyboard, either a sit-on-top or free standing one?
Is all sound routed to the headphones when they're plugged in? In other words, can I practice silently while listening to myself thru the headphones?
What is the differenc e between the CTK 4200 and the CTK 4400? I don't want to spend more than $150.00. What is the very best value for that. IO n
Can the accompaniment features be turned off so that you hear only the notes you play?
Does this keyboard come with a warranty?
Does the PPK Premium Pack come with the USB (keyboard to computer) cable?
does the stand work
Does this allow split and layer?
So I am a newbie to keyboards... is there an easy way to connect one of these Casio's to a home theater amplifier/receiver?
Does this keyboard come with an SD Slot also ?
can I hook up this keyboard to my computer to record music
are these piano sized keys?
Can this be plugged into an external amp/speakers for better sound?
Does this keyboard have MIDI connections
does this have a music holder?
does it come with a songbook?
does it have a teach yourself feature
Does this have in-built speakers?
How does the keyboard stay on the stand?
Does it have a transpose function
Does it have a USB port? Acc to the specs no, but then again it says you can use it as MIDI ...
Does this come with a case or anything? How do you carry it around?
The picture seems to show a monitor to display music from the cd, does it come with a monitor?
Can the keyboard be fixed onto the stand? Or does the piano just sit on top?
What screws are used to assemble the stand?
Is this a MIDI keyboard? I want to purchase the eMedia My Piano kids software program. The program says the interactive features will work with a MIDI
will the software work on Windows 8?
what pedal is recommended for this keyboard
Approximately how thick is this keyboard. I would like to fit it under my bed when I'm not using it
The Starter Keyboard lessons CD that i received with this was scratched up pretty bad. Is there a place that I can just download the software?
What is the difference between the 240, 175 and 165? Even on the Casio site, there appears to be no significant spec difference between them. Thx!
Does it have midi ports on the back?
Are these piano keys?
I am interested in purchasing the casio lk-240 61- key portable keyboard. I am living in Italy where the voltage is 220. Would this keyboard be able to work here?
can you use a sustain pedal with this keyboard
can I hook it up to an amp?
Can you record by layering different sounds and make up your own songs
Does this keyboard have a music stand for sheet music?
can you ship to Australia?
So if it does not play cd's how does it karaoke? What would I have to buy in order for my daughters to sing to music and see the words on the tv?
I've read that it will play CD's. If I put a CD in it (not a karaoke CD), can my daughter still use the mic to sing along with her regular CD?
Does it record audio/video?
Does i come with a microphone? and can you plug in more then one mic?
Can this play mp3 cds?
Can you plug an ipod touch into it?
can this also be used as just a cd player
can you record video and see it on tv
Can you use an ipod with this or CDs?
Can it be used to sing without being plugged into the t.v.?
ipod
Can i connect to tv for wider audience viewing
does this come with 2 microphones?
Do the words come up when you play regular music from your ipod?
what is diferrent bw this two karake?Singing Machine iSM1028Xa 7-Inch Color TFT Display CDGKaraoke Player are they both works with ipod and Iphone? are they diferrent power?
can you hook this up to a tv?
how tall is this?
Will all of the components fit into standard luggage? I have to take it to an orphanage in Latin America. Are they all large parts or smaller compon
can i connect via bluetooth?
Got this for my daughter they do not have iphones or ipods.. will it still work with their android phones,where can i find the cds that work with it ?
is there a way to plug in a pad for double bass pedal practice?
Can you add a kick pedal for double bass operation? Still using the Hi-Hat pedal for its Hi-Hat functionality and having a total of 3 kick pedals.
Can you add the kick pedal and pad from the DTX 450 to the DTX 400?
Does the USB midi output work with Garage Band
Does this come with speakers? Does it have everything you need to start playing?
Does this include the power adaptor?
do it disturb to family's members when I use headphones
can the usb port output midi?
Can you plug into a computer or laptop and import sounds/ record?
How well does this kit fold down for storage when not in use?
could you connect the machine to the computer?
Is this system capable of playing off an ipod, iphone and/or regular CDs (not karaoke CDs)?
what does the machine record to? Disc ? Flash drive? conputer?
can headphones be plugged into the machine without it compromising the microphone?
Hi, Will the power supply work with 220V? How many songs are on the disc? Thanks :-)
What choices do i have for Karaoke music? D MP3's work? Where can I purchase Karaoke CD+G CD's?
how does it work
does this play dvds as well?
Can you adjust the key?
Does the Akai Karaoke KS800 come with an integrated DVD player or only the line in/audio output for one?
What type of wires will I need to connect the controller to an external sound system?
If I buy this product, will I still need a mixer. (Beginner)
What is the exact weight of the Console? The Product dimensions say 4.6 pounds but the shipping weight is 9.6?
Please explain how to connect to a home audio receiver? I tried both ouputs and didn't get a signal. Which input on receiver is best?
What are the dimensions of the shipping box?
Is it compatible with windows 8.1?
hey guys i'm planning to get this i'm frm India...my frnd can get me during his retun to india is there anythin i need to keep in mind ??
I have a passport 500 pro. Can I run the DJ Console through it or its speakers? if so, with what connections?
I want to play vinyl 45s in my sets as well, can this accommodate input/output for two turntables as well?
Can this controller work as a standalone "mixer"? (No need to be hooked up with a computer)
Is this simplified Chinese version?
Hi, does this KTV have all the original songs/MTV's sung by the original singers? MTV&#x662F;&#x4E0D;&#x662F;&#x6B63;&#x7248;&#x539F;&#x4EBA;&#x539F;&#x5531;&#xFF1F;
is Spanish songs include
Is the microphone wireless? Thanks
What height is the stand when open (to hold the keyboard)?
Does it have a music stand?
What kind of stand is that?
What other device do I need to buy that allows me to create music with multiple tracks (piano, accordion, guitar, drums, base)?
Does it come with warranty?
Are the keys weighted? Also how's the pedal? Asking people who've had it awhile and are experienced with grand pianos, are you satisfied?
does a power supply come with this? one review said they didn't get one and can't use product
Can you transpose it?
Some reviewers say it does not come with the power adapter that gives electric power to the keyboard. Others say it comes with it. Which one is it?
Does this bundle include the Classic Double X stand or a single X stand?
I'm readng the comments and questions here and am a bit confused. Is this the B-250 and 2 gals of flui
Do you have the correct item for sale? it does not match the photo
Must it remain installed on the computer in order the AU / VST plug-in to work with other programs or can I uninstall it after creating this plug-in?
It is reliable to use this plugin to correct the acoustics of the control room? Really works?
Has the software been registered by the previous owner with IK Multimedia?
Can the software be registered on multiple systems?
does it show the words ?
can you play regular cd's in this machine?
Does it have to be plugged into the television to use ? .. can it be plugged into an electrical outlet ?
Dose this hook to the TV and play the words with music?
What size batteries does it take?
can u play ipod5 with this?
My son is saying the Pledge of Allegiance for his graduation. Can the mic and speaker be used without music (a CD)?
does this record your own voice and record to cd ?
Is there an extra jack to add another mic?
what is the cost of the disc?
Does the XDJ-Aero require a wi-fi connection to home wi-fi to wirelessly connect to devices? Or does the XDJ-Aero use it's own wi-fi address?
how fast does it scan music with a 1 tb usb drive?
Can you see the waveforms from on the screens?
Will a 128gb flash drive work?
Does it support music from iTunes Match via WiFi from an iPad/iPhone?
Can you ship to Finland?
Can you use this player to play and mix HD Video? I know the Ergo was able to do this.
Can i use this item over in Turkey since we have 220 v outlets? &#x130;f i can; do i basicly just get the cord for using it or i have to purchase a converte
This computer comes with software to run mixtures such as virtual dj handler or other mixes from my laptop. Thanks.
Does this controller work with an iPad?
can you put cds directly in this?
Can the software be used on a MacBook Pro?? or an iPad?
Whats The Difference Between The Pioneer DDJ-Ergo-Limited And The Pioneer DDJ-Ergo-V?
does this unit also come with Virtual DJ software?
can i use this as my controller for my virtual dj pro?
The pic you have posted is of the limited edition ERGO. When I order this will I be getting the limited edition ERGO?
Are these noise canceling? Do they require batteries?
Do they include an in-line controller/mic for a smartphone? If not, which accesory do I have to buy to do so?
the product desc. says "closed, semi open, open design". What does that mean? Can I physically move something to prevent sound leakage from the cans?
Amazon states these headphones' weight as 12.8 ounces. Is that correct? The mfr says 290g (10.2 oz).
If I replace the cable with one that has volume control, Will I be able to control the volume?
I'm looking for headphones with "passive noise cancelling" not "active"(with the batteries). How much "passive sound" like airplane noise they cancel?
Do they make your ears hot if you wear them for a long time?
How portable are these? Would they be OK a crowded subway? Can you rest them around your neck comfortably (without adjusting the head size)?
Where can I buy a replacement cable that doesn't cost 20% of the original price payed for the headphones?
Would this device run off of a type of rechargeable battery? I would like to put one on my bicycle for riding at night.
If I buy more than one, will one remote be able to control the lights or will I need to have a separate remote for each light?
How bright is this light? I want to use it to light up my small backyard fountain. I am afraid it will be too dim...
I'd like to use a DMX controller inside do you have access to the RGB?
Does the color setting persist through power cycles? I.e. turn it off and it powers up the same color?
There is no plug. How does one use it? That is the first question many will ask. Does the vendor not expect that???
Some people have used this as a submerged light. The power cord is only 5" long. How do you submerged the lights without shorting it?
can panels stop sound from traveling to other rooms ?
Are thumbtacks a viable solution for installing these on walls? I don't want to leave any large screw holes that I need to fill and paint over.
Do they have an adhesive backing?
can you use it for Acoustic Wadding Material Speaker Padding Stuffing Insulation Speakers
Can you cover a vent with this to reduce noise from one room to the next?
I'm worried these may become soggy and stinky like a kitchen sponge in my damp basement. Anybody know if this might happen? Ideas/suggestions?
Does it dry rot?
Hi, I would like to know how many sheets of 1 x 1/2 are?
i have well motor that's loud would this product help
Can I effectively use this to build a 3-panel tabletop shield for making home recordings. The sound absorber items are too expensive.
Is it ready to use out of the box or do I need some special equipment to make it work?
What is the best software to use with this that is under $100?
Is there a headphone out jack?
What happens when I just use a usb cable to access midi functions in my daw?
Is this multi- channel?
does has drum machine or any way I can used as a drum
This the YRG work well with a amp? also how is playing with an amp with the sounds guitar comes with and with the guitar itself?
how do you play your YRG?
Does this work well with Rockband for PS3? I ordered mine from MusiciansFriend as well as the wireless adapter.
Does the You Rock guitar has built in sounds like piano sounds and where can you find the USB cable since it is sold separately?
What type of pickups are in this guard and where is the guard manufactured
If I bought this, I'd replace the bridge pup with a SD JB-4 cuz that's the only pickup for me, but what I'd like to know is how are the pots?
If I bought this, I'd replace the bridge pup with a SD JB-4 cuz that's the only pickup for me, but what I'd like to know is how are the pots?
Can it play an iPod via the USB connection and will it charge?
is it a good speaker does it sound really good is it worth the money
Is thsi price per each speaker??
Is this 251.64 price for two speakers mr dj pp3500mp3 15 inch with remote PA
Can it be mounted / Hang in ceilings?
Hello Goodnight this machine can be connected to a computadora.Ademas has 2 speakers? Thanks
Hello Goodnight this machine can be connected to a computadora.Ademas has 2 horns? Thanks
can you connect it to the tv? with the red and white cord?
Is this battery charged for easy use anywhere
Does it have the capacity to plug in audio devices like dvd player through audio sound in and out plugs
Can I record a tune with it say a base line, and then play on top of that and record that as well, and keep adding layers.
how difficult is it to hook this keyboard to your PC? what outlets for jacks come with it please?
how long is the warranty?
I have a lot of "easy play" songbooks. I have a DGX640, but when I play the melody some of the notes do not sound right. Also, is it an easy touch.
are keys weighted
Does this piano have other sounds like running water and a dog barking?
Is the warranty included in the price?
Can I use the apps - GarageBand; songbooks with this on iPads, iPod touch, iPhone 4?
Can the split point voices be sustained?
can you get a microphone hookup
Hello, I've been interested in learning piano, Wondering if this keyboard would be good for on line lessons? thank so much
is the charger quality good?
Does anyone else's ac adapter not work?
grand piano switch??
What is overall dimension length and depth
How do you attach the keyboard to the stand that comes with it????
What age is it appropriate for?
I like the idea of the lighted keyboard&hellip;.BUT&hellip;can you add music to the memory so you can play it with that feature?
can you shut off the lighted key stuff?
does keyboard have touch sensitive keys ????
The posted wiring diagram doesn't show how the pickups connect to the circuit. Are instructions included that show how to connect the preamp?
I read above And saw you answered "stock" pickups but will they work on PASSIVE pickups (i..e nonactive pickups that come stock on Bass that came w/o batteries.
is this set up for stock pickups? i have a 81 fender jazz bass made in mexico and just dont like the sound it produces
is this battery powered? where do i get the knobs for the double tone pot?
Say I get 4 of these and do a dance with about 800 people. Will they work, and what are they like at high levels?
Who repairs SBA15 Deura. Mine failed and now has only very loud white noise and rumbling with no input. The controls have no effect. HELP!
Is this speaker as good as it is advertised? A little skeptical about the rms numbers because the top brands don't have that kind of rms numbers.
concerned about the durability of these units. I run 2-3 mobile shows a week and I am wondering if these will hold up in the long term.
Do you have an owner manual for this product that I can get from you people Thanks A Rosario
Im a mobile dj, will this speakers be loud enough for a party and will they last?
warnenty
Does the power have to be turned on to charge the microphones? Also, what does it mean when the lights on the base keep blinking?
I bought this microphone WM-300 last month. I would like to buy one more set. But the product no. changed to WM-100. Are they same?
I have a restaurant , i used wired mic to call the order, xlr cable 75ft, can i replace it with this wireless mic.??have too much prob with xlr wire !
are they good for doing karaoke duets?
Does this have an XLR output for each mic or just one?
Do the microphones use Rechargeable AA batteries?
Does this work with skype?
how does speaker wire connect? I see no link for a user manual.
do these need any additional equipment - receiver, speakers, etc.?
What is the calibration range for the tuner? Can it be set to center at A=432hz?
is it for a piano
I am a harpist. How does the TM50 compare to the TM40 for harp Currently I use a mic with my TM40. I see the TM50 is less expensive - is it as efficient?
Can you watch the needle swing back and forth when you are using the metronome (to keep tempo visually)?
volume control?
Does this Korg TM50 do triplets? Is there any difference other than the color between this model and the Kort TM50 bk?
Are the batteries included? If not then what type of batteries does it use?
When I input a vocal sound (I'm learning singing) it gives me the note but not the octave (2,3,4, etc.). Am I missing something?
how does TM 50PW differ from tM40 I!m not sure which to get to use to practice cello, examine my intonation.
Thinking about picking one of these up, can anyone attest to the loudness of the metronome and does the metronome play eight notes as well?
when 4/4 time click can the 8 or 16 note click along for each 4 count?
Can this be used to adjust guitar intonation (12th fret) ?
How is the tuning? Has anyone used with a viola? I could never get a grip on learning how to tune. How easy is it to operate?
What does the metronome sound like? Is it like wood on wood, or an electronic bleep or something else?
Does it make a noise when you are in tune? I'm looking for one that is silent for an orchestra.
Does this have the full 88 tone range to tune a piano, or is it missing the ability to tune the more extreme notes? Also, does it show the octave number or merely the note?
Does this have Adjustable Calibration like the Korg CA-40? I don't see where it says so. Thanks!
Can you hear the metronome through headphones? I need to record something and need to keep time, but don't want the metronome sound in my recording.
how loud is the metronome for piano playing? I use headphones when I play piano
Would this work for tuning an autoharp?
What is the radius of the string saddles on this bridge? Thanks.
Will this fit on a Dean Cadillac?
Will this fit a epiphone les paul traditional withunt having to pull out the in wood posts
will this fit an epiphone dot?
How do you set string intonation front/back for each string? I see the hex-head screws for adjusting the bridge against the mounting height posts.
Will this fit on a 1990 Les Paul studio?
Are the rollers themselves plastic or metal?
what is the mounting post spacing? Looking at for a 99' Ibanez AR 250
what's the distance between the mounting holes on the bridge?
does the bridge go on so the hex nuts that tighten it to the posts face the rear of the guitar or neck? It will make a big difference with intoneation
is it a 41"?
I purchased this but recieved a Fender FA-100 instead of this guitar? Are they the same thing?
good quality? good deal?
my granddaughter is 10 is this a good guitar for her?
Whats the model number ?
Is it good for a 14 year old?
How do you assemble the stand? It came with no instructions.
Is this guitar made in the USA?
Is the guitar "slim"?
What model is this?
My guitar shipped in just the thin retail packaging with no protective outer shipping box. Anyone else receive theirs like this?
Ok, I bought the guitar for xmas and I'm so happy with this purchase. Question: What stand do you recommend here in amazon that is not that expensive?
How good and efficient is the instructional DVD ?
would this be good for an 11 year old girl that has never played?
Is this a nylon or a steel string guitar?
What type of guitar is this? Ex: FA-100,FA-50,SA-100 etc.
I am confused between Fender Squier and Jasmine S34 C. Of the two which has better sound quality?
What type of guitar is this? Is it the SA-100?
Does the bag for storage that it comes in, padded??
where is it made?
Is the white section lycra or plexiglass?
If I order today would I be able to get it before Friday Dec 21st?
Does the facade come with a carry case?
it cover good for 55 gallons tank?
Will this work in a saltwater tank and if so anyone have any luck with it
How do you install this into the tank? I don't have a hood.
how does it plug in? is it battery powered or how does it work??
Will the led strip keep its color setting when control with an external timer?
does it fit 10 gal aquarium?
How many lumens?
Is this a real leather case?
will this fit older apple mini pads?
Does the stand work in both the portrait and landscape positions?
how good is the sleep and wake function
Will this case fit Ipad Mini 2 Retina Display?
What is that piece on the front with the "leather" tab and elastic?
what is the elastic band for on the inside of the cover?
Unsure of the color, is it a rust color or a brown?
Does this case have a stylus holder?
Hello im not sure about the color is it brown or purple cuz in the pic it is brown but the in the description says purple can any one tell me?
Would the Maschine and/or the Mikro be useful for making Goth Rock and Industrial Music? All the tutorials I see are Hip-hop/Dub-step oriented...
Can you mix &amp; master your beats within the maschine daw it comes with
I have a Yamaha PSR-E403 keyboard, is there a way I can use it with the hardware or sample from it using the software?
**Newby question** does The Maschine MK2 require an interface for use with headphones? Or will I be able to listen through my computer?
It is now november 2014. it appears that this product comes with maschine 2.0. is this correct?
Does the 2.0 software update come with this Maschine MK2 or do I have to buy it separately?
Does the MK2 work with Pro Tools SE or would I need to upgrade to another version of Pro Tools?
The person I'm shopping for already has Logic software and a Arturia 49-key synthesizer. Would he want/need Maschine?
comes with software , maschine and cords ?
for $599, i get the instrument , cords and the software right ?
Does it come with massive, prism, scarbee mark I, and the solid bus comp like a new one?
Regarding the last question, could someone also tell me if ANY of the vendors selling this product have it packaged with software version 2.0?
will this work as a stand alone controller with Daw's.. like logic, other than just using the transport buttons &gt;?
Includes MASCHINE 2.0 software???
Seeing as this is the cheapest in the MK2 lineup, does it still function as a stand alone Hardware Sampler? IE can i load my own sounds into it?
does it come with 2.0 software
is this shipping with 2.0 or the newer 2.2?
My MK1 is broken and I am getting this to replace it. Would I be able to access and play my old files with no problems?
does it come with massive and komplete?
Ok so I want to start learning how to DJ and make my own beats. Is this a good item to learn on and does it come with everything i need to get started
include maschine 2.0 ??
Does it come with any active guarantee ?
Does it work with os x?
i can update to 2.0.. without buy The 2.0 update ??
does it work with windows 8?
How can I connect it with my speakers?
Do you have the original box for this item?
Is it suitable for a 3rd grader (9 year old) learning clarinet for the first time. If not, any recommendations such as Yamaha or Buffet for him?
Is the made from wood or plastic?
Is the made from wood or plastic?
Is this a b flat clarinet, and what is the warranty
Does this come with a clarinet case?
I can hook this up to ipad 3?
Do you need to plug the controller into separate speakers or can you hear it through your laptop?
does the $201.00 come with everything?all cables &amp;software?
hi, does it works with traktor ? can i use it with traktor in mac or either traktor for ipad, both? thanks!
Is this compatible with DJay on the mac?
Good Evening, I am interested in buying your product, you send the product to Brazil?
Does this work with Mix Vibes CROSS DJ? The last DJ controller I bought did not work with Mix Vibes.
Can you use this with the program "Mixxx"??
How about the listening to the next music in the headphone like cue if the other is currently playing?
Does the computer you are going to use this with need to have a CD/DVD drive?
So is there a iPod slot for playback and charging
Ok so I get to of these...what do I use to play the music ?? Do i use just a DJ mixer or something ?
Mr. Dj PM-4015BT 15-inch , Im wandering if i can sync up with this to play together? and if you can what are my options on how to sync up.
Hi, Is the wireless system on the Mr. Dj PP3000MP3 VHF or UHF? Regards, John
does the px350 have an aux line out like the yamaha p105 that is "true line-output, the built-in speakers remain on for monitoring"?
Come with a score stand?
One reviewer states that this keyboard can be played using batteries instead of AC Power supply. Is this true?
I tried this next to a Yamaha YDP142, and I found the speakers on the Casio very lacking. Can somebody recommend a set of good &amp; inexpensive monitors?
will this casio 350 use a FC3 or FC4 pedal unit?
Is the LINE OUT the for usual instrument cable (1/4 inch jack mono)? (I can't believe I don't find this info anywhere...)
I have a new PX 350 and an old PX 100. The upper 1.5 octaves of these instruments produce very little sound. Is this considered a defect?
I want to add Indian and Middle Eastern supporting intrument voices (e.g. tabla). is it possible to add such voices to the keyboard?
How many voices does this have and do the keys make unwanted noise?
can this keyboard serve as a midi keyboard?
how does the cover for the keyboard of the PX 850 work?
Trying to determine how the cabinet looks. I know it is particle board, but does it look cheap? It will be in the same room with quality furniture.
Is this piano Made in Japan? Do this come with headphones and bench? What other accessories come with this? Thanks.
Can this be run through a sound system via a 1/4" audio cable?
Has anyone had problems with keys being so stiff while having a "sticky" response. I'm new to keyboards, although am learning on a piano. Thanks!
What is the best temperature to maintain this piano - especially during the winter. This is a Casio px850
How do the pedals interact. Most digital piano pedals are On/Off, and I have a Baldwin Grand, and pedals interact beautifully...How many voices?
What headphones will work with this piano?
Would this be a good choice for someone who is self teaching to play the piano at home?
Can you remove the keyboard section from the stand or is it just one unit once put together?
Can I use external amplifiers with this digital piano?
Can the keyboard be removed from the stand to sit on a table top and be played?
After I got the piano one of the key does not play any sound? Has any one encountered this issue or do I have to return the piano
Does the piano produce a toy like sound? Because Lauryn's older piano made a toy like sound.
When I play harder does it make a louder sound? And when I play softer, does it make a softer sound? Realistic to a real piano?
How difficult is it to move? I've averaged about 1 move per year for the last 5 years. Can one person move it? Could it fit in a regular car?
Does it have weighted keys? Does it feel like playing a real piano?
Does it come with a bench?
Does the pedal board come with this model, or do I need to order it separately?
This piano has two 8w amplifiers, compared to the PX780 which has two 20w amps...what's wrong with having an 8w ampflier? What's the difference?
does this machine record what your singing,vocal and music while you are performing?
Does it have connections for external speakers? I have two mini tower speakers i want to use.
will this machine be a GREAT gift for my nine year old daughter? This will be Santa, so would hate for a catastrophe Christmas morning..
does it come with a rca cable to hook up to the tv
If I hook up my ipad to play songs will the words show on the screen
Does it have digital pitch control? If so, does the speed of the song change with the pitch change?
does it have connections for external speakers?
How many songs are there.
Does the screen come with it?
Does this come with a set list of songs only or can it take latest karaoke cds? My daughter likes taylor swift songs?
Hi, Is $699.99 including all the stuff in the PIC have?
Do the keys feel "life-like" (like a "real' and not like a toy electric piano)? thanks.
Does this has an included warranty?
How sturdy is the music rack?
Is the bench a flip-top compartment that provides storage for music? Is the top of the bench padded?
Hi, is the furniture style stand SP-67 or CS-67? does anyone know the difference between the two?
Does this keyboard have MIDI output?
Did not receive instructions for assembly of the bench. Are two different legs supposed to be opposite each other with one in front and on in back?
assembly required
Hello. I'd like to know if the keys on this digital piano are weighted?
are the keys weighted?
why the white key in the very left can't be push down?
How wide is the Cassio Privia PX-150 88-Key DIgital Piano?
Will the keyboard "survive" if I take as luggage in an airplane? travelling from Miami to Chile)
does the stand have a lid to cover the keyboard?
Is the stand fairly sturdy? Someone had mentioned a Casio standing shaking or swaying when playing a complex piece.
can you recommend headphones?
Does this come with the AC adapter?
How many instrumant and rythm setting?. Outlets for pedal, mic, USB: MIDI ready?
Does the item already come with warranty?
Is there a stand included for your music book?
Hello music people. I'm a beginner and would like to know if I can use the piano ontop of a desk? Will that work or will the piano not stay stable?
I am trying to see if I can use with. 220v. Does it say in the back 110-240v?? Usually located near the plug,, thank you!
What are the 18 voices? My son eventually wants to learn to play the real organ, but it would be nice to have this option on this keyboard too.
What are the measurments of the shipping box?
How much does it weigh?
How is key response on this keyboard? If you play the same note consecutively do you get consistant sound each time?
Does this digital piano include a harpsichord voice?
My Apple Earbuds don't seem to fit the headphone jack in this keyboard. What type of headphones work with this keyboard?
I want a casio PX-150 with 3-pedals, but my duaghter's dorm room won't fit the required casio wood stand. Any solutions? casio was not helpful.
Will this fit a Chinese Gibson Les Paul?
Will this fit a B.C. Rich Warlock Electric Guitar?
I just revised this bridge and tailpiece, but I have four pegs for the tailpiece and none for the bridge, how do we fix this?
doesn't the wire holding the saddles down makes it a nashville style not an ABR1?
The photo shows these are already notched. Is this the case? If so, what string size are they cut for?
can i put this on an epiphone les paul express?
would this fit an ibanez ar-200?
will it fit on esp viper 330?
will it fit a ESP 50?
will it fit a esp 50 ?
Does this light support plant life?
what is the Trochal Disc
Anyone try this with a freshwater planted tank?
Could this be placed on top of a glass hood and be as effective?
What is the length of this light? 50CM (centimeter)?
If I put these on a timer, will the lights come on automatically? Or do I always need to use the remote to turn them back on?
If you program this, say steady green light- then unplugged the unit and plugged it back in, does it light up green or does it start changing colors?
How can the extra buttons be programmed? I can't find a manual on how to set the DIY buttons.
My aquarium has a wood roof... can I put it in it?
Is this enough for 85 gallon aquarium?
How well does this the fit the iPad Air?
Can I switch between portrait and landscape without loosening anything? I'm a fiddler, so I need to do this easily with one hand. Also, anyone used this with iPad Air? Thanks.
Has anyone successfully used this tablet holder with a case, particular a large Otterbox case, on their iPad or other tablet?
Table mount comes off if i screw more than a few turns. What am i doing wrong.? Please help.
Does anyone think this would fit an iPad air 2 with thin otter-box style case?
Has anyone used this with an iPad mini yet?
Is there a chart of compatibility for tablets that fit this? I have an Asus Nexus 7 with the Asus turn case. Would love to know if it would fit.
Does this work with the iPad 4 Retina Display model?
How many computers may I install my reason into? We have three different computers my studio And we need this product in all three Is that going to be possible
I'm running OS X on a macbook pro, do I have to buy a mac version of reason 6 , or can I use the one you're selling now?
Can I plug it into my Mac computer and record the music I have composed on Sibelius 6 music notation software?
Does this version entitle me to have a free upgrade to version 7?
What pc laptop should I get to produce music with Propellerhead 99-101-0027 Reason 6.5 Audio Software?
Can this be controlled to fade between the colors automatically and smoothly? Is there a remote control for this?
What is the beam angle?
does this come with mounting clamps?
Does Chauvet provide a warranty for products bought through amazon?
Do these activate to the music?
Would these be suitable for flood lighting for a play on stage?
Will these produce light similar to incandescent spot lighting?
If the lights are plugged in to different outlets but still close by, is it possible to change the color for all of them at once?
What exactly is the "power linking" feature and what does it do?
What exactly is the "power linking" feature and what does it do?
does this piano have a chip of rhythm? And do all the pianos of this type have it? Or only the new ones?
Does this keyboard have Oriental styles and voices? how good are those sounds?
Esta disponible para el envio a Chile y cuanto es el costo del envio?
What's the shipping weight of this item?. I can't believe it weighs 61 pounds!
Good evening I want to know who else brings the Korg PA600 61-Key Professional Arranger with Color Display TouchView if only the keyboard or the case more as the product only passes 25 pounds to 61 pounds and packed. Thank you.
how do you hook up extra speakers
I want to know how much KORG PA600 61-Key Portable Keyboard net weight would be. I will be travelling so I will need an exact number of pounds.
Does this unit have a tap tempo option for the delay?
If I already own a VT20 amp, would this pedal be worth buying or is it redundant? Thanks
does it have wah wah w/ the foot toggle
is it battery powered only or can an ac adapter be used?
Does it have a clean channel?
Does it have a loop station ?
Can i use with 220 volts?
After 4 hrs I still haven't been able to get the Expression Pedal work. How does one activate it?
Would this sound good with a small Orange Crush amplifier?
dose it come with a string retainer bar
does it come with a string retainer bar
Does it have a pivot screw cutaway that extends to the edge of the bridge?
Will It Fit A Jackson Dinky
Does it come with the locking nut?
Will it fit a Squire Fender Stratocaster?
What size is the locking system? I need a 42mm locking system
Can this product be used on an acoustic bass as well as an electric bass?
Will this work on a ibanez gsr07ltd?
will these heads fit an Ibanz SDGR(sounds gear bass)? I think I was told that the pegs are smaller, a 3/8" I believe.
How thick of a headstock will this fit on?
Would these work for a musicman 5 string bass?
Are these for a bass that has two pegs on each side, or all four on one side?
would this work for an ampeg baby bass
Will these work with a 17.5mm headstock hole
How thick of a headstock will this fit on?
There are no directions in the box to put the stand together and there seems to be a part missing maybe. What do I do?
how does this stand adjust? Tension or is there a set screw?
There are 3 pictures in this listing each of a different music stand. Which one is this listing for? and where can I buy the one in the third picture
How much noise does the amp create? I'm looking for a PA amp that needs to be very quiet in a small room.
I have 2 speaker with 150W each,can I use with this amplifier (since it is 2000 W)?
can i run 1 pair of 4 ohm speakers ?
Can I hook these speakers to this amp? http://www.amazon.com/VM-Audio-VAS38P...
Will the speakon output jacks also accept 1/4 inch speaker cables?
If I want to make a karaoke system, can i directly plug the microphones into the XLR jack? Or do I need a pre-amp in between?
I have a pair of powerwerks 12 in monitors 60 watts/ 120 peak at 8 ohms. Is this amp sufficient
I'm thinking of getting in to modular synthesizers. Would this work for that?
Will this work for my jbl sub?
will this unit power 2- 600watt 4 400watts passive loud speakers 8 ohms
Does it have 30 pin and lightning cable included?
How long are the white keys? Narrower than full-size? How much space below the black keys? Thanks! (PS: if you don't know pls don't post a reply)
Can you plug it into an amp or a sound system?
The description is somewhat nebulous to me. Does this work with PC running Windows? Will it work with a sequencer like Cakewalk? Thanks!
Will this fit in a standard laptop bag?
Does it have a lightninf cable to connect to ipad mini?
Is this compatible with the newer versions of windows? Also, what would you recommend buying with this? Other rec. Models? Thank you!
can i play this with android
Is this compatible with any Midi program with a PC, and not Mac?? Thanks!!
When I opened it, I found no USB cable, only have two ISO cableI use my USB cable connected to the MAC after that it just lights up but does not work.
What size have the humbuckers?
Are these true humbuckers? I ask because I have found single coils in humbucker bodys on cheaper pickups?
whats the output of these pickups?
Do these fit 335
Does it fit an esp ltd?
which wire end is the ground?
has power and sustain? works for jazz, blues and reggae?
Do they come with the surrounds?
this pickups are better than the ones that come with the cort cr 250?
can replace a Gibson?
is the red wire the neck or bridge pickup
Are the wiring leads 4 or 2 wire and how long is the wiring lead for each pickup?
so i'm making a project guitar and i'm looking for pickups. are these good? my project guitar has a strat neck with a hardtail bridge that fits strats
this pickups are better than the ones that comes with the cort cr 250?
how to tell witch one is witch one has a red wire one has a black wire
how to tell witch one is witch one has a red wire one has a black wire
What are the exact dimensions? I'm particularlly interested in the depth.
are they doubled coiled?
Will these work in a bass guitar?
how do you wire a humbucker that only splits in a total of two wires (hot and ground I'm guessing)??? Can't wrap my brain around it
with this great PA ..can I plug an AMP in the input in the back ---where it says AMP IN ??
On the back of the PA is 2 inputs for the speakers and 1 for AMP. in ...Can I plug my amp into it ??
I am looking for a system that I can use to sing using recorded music (CD, MP3) Are their inputs for that? I can't seem to zoom in enough to tell..
Can you use wireless mics with this system or do you need to add a component to this?
Can speakers be mouinted on standard speaker stands
Why do the speakers have two inputs each? Can I dasiy chain more speakers?
can I add external effects processor ?
can a small monitor be connected to the 1/4" stereo jack?
Can you connect 2 guitars and a microphone at the same time?
Does a power cord come in the package? I see mic cable and speaker cables, but no pic of power cord. If not, what would I need to buy?
Can you tune this synth via software or manually to anything other than 440?
I see it has 1/4 outputs R--L. If you run it to a mono PA, if you take only L to pa input will that be the full sound or does it have to be a dual 1/4
Can I create a patch inside the synth? I read a comment online that said user patches can only be created in a DAW
When plugged to computer can it be used as a midi controller?
Can i plug another keyboard or another instrument into this and still use all of its functions.
Can the BEATBUDDY be connected to this?
Does this synth have a built in drum machine ? If not which entry price synth does ? Thank you !
does this mininova come with the microphone pictured for vocoder input?
Ok I see one on Amazon for $350 and one for $399, do both of these come with the mic?
Does it have a decent piano sound?
where do you mount the pickup
I currently have a fishman prefix pro that i fried and want to replace it....the opening cutout is 3 x 2 in. in inches what does this unit require?
I have a Takamine eg340c. The hole is 3 3/8" x 2 1/8" ( 86 x 55 ). Will this fit and give me room for securing?
I have an Ibanez AEF28CS the original equalizer/pickup is gone. What should I replace it with?
What are the dimensions of the piezo pickup. I will install in washburn with a very wide pick up space and need to add pieces fore and aft to support
I bought this less then 6 month ago. Installed and played a dozen time. Now it is dead. no LED light, so sound at all. How do you trouble shoot this?
I have a Takamine EG540C. Will this EQ fit my guitar? Looks like my current EQ is 3 5/8" x 2 1/8". That's measuring the unit trim around the base.
i have a applause ae-28 by ovation it has a very basic pre amp and saddle pick up, will this work?
Will these tuners fit epiphone electric&amp; acoustics without enlarging the holes?
work on my Ibanez grx70qa?
i only need the machine tuners for a Ibanez grx70qa
Can I use this on a electric guitar?
I want these for a 12 string. How wide are they on the back side?
Can I plug a Yamaha keyboard into the guitar input? Thanks
Can I use this with my macbook pro instead of an ipad? The cable it comes with only plugs into an ipad.
Does this work with Audacity on Windows? If not, is there any Windows freeware that works with it?
This records very well from the audio recorder screen but when I flip over to the multitrack view to play it back, the audio is horribly distorted
I don't have an iPad, what would be the difference between this and the Scarlett Solo?
Should I go usb mixer or something like this? Will be used for vocals so I require lowest latency possible, hq audio and monitoring.
Can i connect my drum machine to guitar input?
Is this 30 pin model the same as the Lightening model except the cables?
Is it good to play song in PC to main mixer ? (better song quality for preamp?)
Can I have better song quality output if I play iPad through this comparing direct connection (iPad to mixer) ?
Will there be any problem if I have Pro tools SE already installed on my Win7 PC?
will this work with win8?
The cost of this item went up $20 in the last week. What's =THAT= all about???
Do you still have to buy a compressor to get that studio like quality recording?
Does it have internal or external power supply? I live in a 220 volt country. If it has external, like a laptop, no problem.
Will this work with Beyerdynamic DT 990 250 Ohms, or will I have to buy a separate headphone amp?
Newbie question...Can you listen to your voice while recording at the same time? Zero latency, without a delay... even a super tiny delay?
how many channels does the USB support?
Will the software allow you to record one track then record several separate tracks and join them in one audio file?
can you record vocal and instrument together at same time though this?
good morning chauvet supports brand
Do you plan to have a windows 8 driver in the future?
Can I use it with Freestyler to control my lights?
This adapter work with GrandMA onPC and Sunlite Software?
Will this work with Martin Light Jockey?
Can I return/refund this product if it doesn't work with Windows 8?
does this work on a asus with windows 8
Will this run on Windows 7 x64 or Windows 8?
Does this adapter work with Chauvet Xpress for Mac OSX?
Way software is on the CD? I want to make sure it will work for what I am trying to do.
Does it work on Mac?
Does this device support DMX512 input in addition to the output, or is it an output only device? Can it read data from other controllers?
Should both lights on the box be on when this device is working. I only have the power light and I can't get my led light take commands from my controller.
will this work with Whole Hog 3 PC?
For some reason anything I hook to this unit tends to slowly flash on then off. Does it with dimmer packs, rgb dome, parcans etc. any ideas.
Can't get it to work with freestyler. What settings should I select for the dmx tipe in freestyler? I am having trouble finding the right driver
I lost the driver cd . I can not install without this you can send to my email
Can I use ShowXpress by Chauvet with this interface?
Will this work with Chauvet ShowXPress?
When connecting to QLC+ on MAC OSX the green light will come on for a moment and then turn off a moment later. Anyone get it working on MAC?
Was the light suppose to come with batteries of some sort?..I have put on charge forever..no light without plugging in
Can I use this on a On Stage Folding Music Stand?
There was no instructions included with my light, and I cannot figure out how to open the battery compartment. Am just just supposed to charge it?
What's the light output? This is usually measured in a unit called lumens, and MightyBright claims their 'orchestra light' is 100 lumens
What are the dimensions of this product?
I don't think the light I received is rechargeable at all. Am I to use 3AA batteries and/or the power cord? This would not be at all as advertised.
How big is the lamp
My computer doesn't have a mic jack. If I buy a USB sound converter that has a mic jack, Will it properly work?
Is this fine for podcasting?
What do I do to get the mic to work? I plugged it in to my lap top but nothing is happening and no sound is getting captured :( Please help.
I plug the mic in, and nothing happens. I bought a cord for headphones/mic, and nothing happens STILL. I can't send it back... what can I do now?
My mike worked the first day but doesn't work the next day. What do I have to fix?
can you use it for ipod touch ?
What type of mic is it?
does it work with software audiocity?
Does it work with software such as Acid Pro and Sonar?
Would this mic be good for a singer-songwriter writing/recording acoustic music?
Does anybody know if this is the newest release with newest Firmware update, or older stock that will need updating?
Can you get sound from the computer via usb connection?
Is it made of plastic, or metal, or both? It seems to be fragile at first view. Thx.
Does the adapter for this pedal accomodate 110-240 v in case it needs to be used outside the USA where only 240v electricity outputs are available?
Could anyone recommend a speaker make / model that would be a good match for the Zoom G3X? I play mainly 70's and 80's classic / hard rock.
1. Anyone found a good acoustic simulation sound using an electric and 2. Has anyone ran an acoustic through this unit?
Can I use this without an amplifier? (Guitar+Zoom G3X+Mixer+Speakers) No Microphone+Amp.
can you save your presets?
Does it have an aux input?
Is the AC adapter autovolt?
If I order today, will I get them by Friday the 25th??
Can these be washed if they get dirty?
Is this sold as one cover for a tripod or a set of two for 2 tripods?
Do these pole covers come with a carry bag?
I would like to get this but think it might be a bit big. His guitar is FenderGemini II 41" long, 16" and 13" at bouts. Is this too big?
I have Jasmin Dreadnought S35. Do you think it would fit my guitar?
Hi will this fit a Fender resonator guitar? Specifically the Roosevelt CE model with the Telecaster headstock? Thank you in advance.
will this fit a Fender CD 220SCE?
Hi! does it fit the fender cf-100-ce folk guitar? if not, could you suggest another bag for me? thanks
Will this fit my Epiphone hummingbird that's 44 x 19 x 6?
Hi, does this fit a CD-100 12 strings?
I have a Fender CD-100CE Dreadnought Cutaway Acoustic-Electric Guitar, Left Handed - Natural. Will it fit in this bag?
Will this fit a Yamaha 730S (42.5 x 21 x 6 inches)?
Can anybody with a fender cd140sce please post a picture showing the guitar inside the bag semi-open? to see how it fits?
What are the dimensions of the base?
How much weight can they hold? I'm looking at using them with JBL 8" monitors, which are pretty large and heavy.
I need to know this size of the platform
what are the dimensions of the top plate
can you use an ipod classic with this?
My daughter has an iPad 2? Wondering whether the provided cradle accommodates only the newer lightening rather than the older iPads. Thanks.
can you use karaoke apps with this machine or do you have to load a CD to play the songs
Can I use any line in aux cable (male to male cable) for connecting Karaoke machine to ipad? (I lost the original aux cable that came with my player)
does this come with the microphones?
Is this item able to connect to a device using Bluetoot?
Is there an outlet to plug a projector into the back?
Will it work on 220V or does it have to be on 110V?
For the Karaoke do you need to use the ipad or can you use a tablet
So,without an Ipad you do not get to see the words. Basically there is no screen, correct?
So is this basically a Flashback and a ditto looper built in together? Or am I better off getting a flashback x2 and a ditto separate?
Can you get U2 Edge sounds with this or should I get a Strymon Timeline?
does it come with power supply?
does it come with manual?
Does this have a midi sync(clock)?
whats the different between this pedal and the other tc electronic flashback pedal??
What is your experience with the mallet that comes with this drum? Any advice on choosing an alternative?
Does this Bahia Bass Buffalo Drum also not ever need tuning, like the other Remo Buffalo Drums?
anyway to tighten the drum head.? beater slapping the drum head is louder than the drum, it's a terrable drum
I know other Remo Buffalo drums can be painted does this have the same type of material so I can paint a design on it? I have a beautuful design that would look great on the black and go wonderful with a bass sound. Thank you
Can this be played like a frame drum - fingers only - and still sound good?
does it come with strings?
I am accustomed to a tenor ukulele - how does the width of the finger board compare?
Does the gig bag have a shoulder carrying strap?
Is it good for backpacking?
Anyone played a Kala Guitarlele? How would you compare the two? Thanks!
How does it compare with the Yamaha GL1?
How wide is the neck? What's the action like?
Can I restring this with regular guitar nylon strings?
One question: when we play "Dueling Banjos"... are we supposed to play the banjo or guitar part? ;D
How long is the banjo from head top to body bottom? Will it fit in most standard banjo cases?
is the nut 1 5/8"
What soft banjo case do you have that goes with this banjo?
The neck is heavier than the body, and I get fatigued easily. Is this typical of all banjos? How do you balance it?
what gauge strings come on the Davidson 6 string--bought one used, need to change--thanks
What kind of strings does it use? Acoustic guitar steel strings?
what is the neck scale, and the width of the nut?
Is the banjo made in the USA?
does it come with strings/? or finger picks/?
Is their a place to put a strap on it?
Can you use headphones with this?
Hello, I was wondering when I plug the guitar to my home speaker or headset, I can't hear anything. Do I need other accessories? Thanks
Does is have a built in tuner?
I'm new to guitar and have very small hands; I've been told I should find a guitar with a particularly thin neck. How is the neck on this guitar?
Does it stay in tune?
what is the size at the nut? 1 7/8?
Does this guitar have an output jack?
what kind of strings are needed? steel ?
I am about 5'4" is the size small enough for me?
Does this come with picks? The title mentioned picks, but the product description does not.
Can someone speak to the quality of the case and stand and accessories?
What size is it a full or 3/4
What does the "universal guitar care kit" consist of? The picture shows polishing spray and a thick microfiber towel but the description doesnt
Are they nylon strings? Who is the manufacturer of the strings? Is there an extra set of strings or just a set already on the guitar?
Would you recommend the tuner that come with this or should I look into buying a new one?
Is this a folk guitar?
Will this nut fit a Squier Affinity Strat? I realize some minor filing may be necessary.....just want to be sure it's not too narrow for the slot.
The nut on my guitar got sanded in when i used strings of thicker gauges (low E - 52). Will this nut get destroyed if i use these types of strings?
Difference in using trem with this nut?
what is the country of origin?
Will this fit a Fender DG-7 acoustic?
Will this one fit a Squier Bullet Strat? If not, can you point me to one that does?
I am looking for a high quality bone nut for direct replacement on a 1966 Fender Mustang. Do you have something like this available?
does guitar have electronics
What about the manufacture's warranty through this seller?
Does it come with a guitar strap?
When this guitar ships is it in the case, or are the guitar and case shipped seperately?
is the back and sides solid wood... no ply?
Hello! I am looking for the one that is not finished.....the "Natural" is this it? Thanks!
Is that all you have to do is tune it when you receive it?
is this bass guitar sunburst a full size bass ????????????
Does the guitar come with cables for an amp, and a strap?
Anyone have any tips on how to keep the fish from falling to the bottom?
can i add more fish to this column?does the top come off?
Arrived with no instructions and no fish. What do I put in this thing - just water?
what is the bubble column made out of?
Hi! Are there any significant differences between the DP-32 and DP-24 except for number of tracks?
Is it possible to route a channel's audio pre-fader? Suppose I wanted to record one input post-fader on one track and pre-fader on another track?
Does it really take 1-2 months to ship?
Does the transport control/ clock allow for precise location, for editing, etc?
Is there 1/4'' outputs for studio monitors on this machine?
Am I recording in stereo at mixdown if the stereo track lites don't lite as they do in the DVD tutorial? Eugene.
can you hook the dp-32 up to a tv screen?
I have some scratch tracks in Pro-Tools on my Mac; can I import them ?
Can a audio interface be attached to the DP-32 in order to increase the number of inputs? Eight is great but sixteen would be even better.
good morning , I wonder if the 32 Tascam DP can be used as controller interface sorftware as Cubase or Protools ?
does it provide full upgraded sera to?
will I be able to play both tracks and mash them together to creat a new track so to speak???? Also can I record the track????
Hi! I'm planning on getting a DDJ-SX. Quick question though: Is it like the ERGO that can also be USB-powered (w/o having to plug it to an A/C?)
This product come with the box and the full accessories included in the box? thanks..
Can the DDJ SX be used with Virtual Dj coz i really like Virtual Dj....am So used to it...
Is it easy to hook up, i.e. hook up controller to MAC laptop via USB and you can start playing immediately.
Can anyone give some feedback vs the NS7? I got an NS7 from Amazon and returned it for a variety of reasons. Anyone have hands-on experience?
Can you connect it to any speaker? Like AUX cable?
The Sx and the Sr can be used only with Serato?
Can I connect turntables to the DDJ-SX?
Is the max height of the Gearlux Collapsible "Solid-Top" Orchestra Music Stand the same 47-48" max height as the Gearlux Delux?
"how much does the shelf tilt" --'180 degrees' Does that mean it can lay almost flat, to perfectly upright?
WHAT WILL THE WEIGHT OF THE BOX?
how much sheet music hold
What is the width and height where you place the music?
tray depth
how deep is the shelf to hold music
how much does the stand weight?
Does the try separate from the base
Can I put an electronic tablet on it? Will the magnetic part damage the tablet?
Does the stand have plastic parts?
Is the top of the music stand adjustable?
does the music tray tilt toward you &amp; fold up against the post/rod?
Can the "music rack" (which holds the sheet music) be removed from the telescoping holder, and be placed directly on a tabletop?
Can it support the weight of a lap top w/o moving?
How low (short) can this stand be?
What is the maximum height this stand will go from floor to lip? I need to use it standing and would like the max height to be at 58"
can anyone tell me how high the stand is adjustable to and the dimensions of the actual "desk"
can anyone tell me how high the stand is adjustable to and the dimensions of the actual "desk"
does this stand come with a carry bag?
What is the duration of the warranty from the manufacturer? How well does this case hold up beyond the 1st six months?
Is it good for airplane travel?
exact measurments
Hello everyone , will this case fit Yamaha FG700S acoustic guitar?
will it fit my epiphone masterbilt dr-500mce?
Is the wood engineered; what type of wood is used? I would rather not buy wood that has formaldehyde on it and may leech chemicals if temps get warm
What color is the interior? Some people say its velvet, but the picture shows black... Thank You!
Hi, I have a Takamine EG128SC Acoustic Electric, the dimensions are 42.5 x 7 x 19.2 inches- Will it fit this case?
Does this case fit Breedlove Concert guitar body?
Will this fit my Epiphone DR-100?
What is the duration of the warranty from the manufacturer? How well does this case hold up beyond the 1st six months?
Is it good for airplane travel?
exact measurments
Hello everyone , will this case fit Yamaha FG700S acoustic guitar?
will it fit my epiphone masterbilt dr-500mce?
Is the wood engineered; what type of wood is used? I would rather not buy wood that has formaldehyde on it and may leech chemicals if temps get warm
What color is the interior? Some people say its velvet, but the picture shows black... Thank You!
Hi, I have a Takamine EG128SC Acoustic Electric, the dimensions are 42.5 x 7 x 19.2 inches- Will it fit this case?
Does this case fit Breedlove Concert guitar body?
Will this fit my Epiphone DR-100?
What is the weight limit?
how easy is it to adjust height?
can this bench set a height of 21 inches from the floor to where a person sit? Do I need a screw or any equipment to adjust the height of this bench?
what is shipping cost
how much does it weigh?
What kind of bone is it made of?
Will this fit on a Yamaha F325?
How would you install the saddle I know the sanding part but what do you do for the top part of the saddle where the strings rest?
will this fit a Epiphone AJ40TLC ?
will the work on an applause ovation model # aa61-4
Is this bone or plastic.
Is this good for classical guitars?
Is this available for a left handed Yamaha FG720 SL?
Is the bone product a better sound than the composit / nylon man made saddle and pins ?
is this saddle cut for a "radiused" fretboard? in other words does it allow for curvature of a fretboard that is not flat - for example 16" radius
Do you a self teaching manual my uncle taught himself on his flights with ransa as a pilot
how long do you think it will take to ship to brooklyn ny?
Hello. Do you ship to Toronto Canada. If so, what would be the price of your instrument in Canadian Dollars.Is a hard case available?
Hello!! =) How long will it take to deliver it to Florida?
DO YOU HAVE ANY IN STOCK
HOW TALL IS THIS CUATRO IN FEET AND INCHES
i am from trinidad,is this similar to the one found in trinidad.
is this a tenor cuatro
WIll this cuatro resist changes in temperature? My previous cuatro got major cracks after the first winter. Thanks.
Does the instrumento come fully assembled and ready to play?? In the fotos, the Cuatro's strings are not attached. Gracias!
Do you need any additional hardware to get started in Reason Essentials?
does this run on MacOs?
Will this software work with Reason Pianos? That's all I want to do with it.
What are the system requirements for Propellerhead 99-101-0029 Reason Essentials 1.5 Audio Software? We have Windows XP.
Will this work with a MAC computer?
will it import files from zoom mrs8 recorder
Does this work on mac...Yosemite osx 10.10??
I dont understand why they are not posting max weight? My Sunfire subwoofer is 48Lbs, dimensions are 11.5" cube. Will it be able to support the sub?
I understand these are for large monitors, but the specs would be appreciated....What size can they hold?
I have a pair of pioneer hpm 60 speakers, will this model (the 200) support these speakers? They weight 38.5 lbs.
Can these be used on speaker stands or are they meant to be placed on a desk surface?
What are 'Isolators Wide' and 'Isolators Deep'? The 'Proposed' stands on your site also recommend them. Are they required for using my KEF Q300s?
Will these work for a speakers weighing 85lbs? The dimension of the speaker is 32x12x17 (HxWxD)? Would like a tilt feature which is absent in the sub model. (pioneer s7-ex)
Is this stand right for my subwoofers? Hi. I have 2 Sunfire Subwoofers TS-EQ10, They dont need to be raised off the floor but my are dogs forcing me to. Considering the weight and dimensions of the sub (below) is your product for me? If so which model...
Are these sold in pairs? Do they have both the 4" and 8" height extensions in the same package?
Does this item require batteries and, if so, how many &amp; what size?
How tall is it?
is it worth the money
Can you order just the microphone anywhere? Our microphone stopped working after 2 years but the stand still works. Just a short in the wire.
does this need an amplifier
would it be too short for my 8 year old
Can you connect to iphone 5 or ipad mini?
can you connect MP3 player??
How durable is this product for a 7 year old
What kind of batteries does it need?
Is this for Brass Instruments?
dose this work on 5 string basses
Is this work for violin?
Can it tune to E flat?
does the SN-13 have the features of the SN-8, such as a transpose feature, metronome, or pitch calibration? microphone?
This bundle does not show in the pictures it has the music tray nor the power plug. Are this included or not?
How is the stand that comes with the bundle? Is it secure/do you feel comfortable playing the keyboard with it?
does the P-105B have a harpsichord sound
Does it have a MIDI port?
Has anyone had trouble getting the headphones to work? Mine are plugged in, but sound is still coming from the speaker. Thoughts?
Is the adapter included? If not, what type will I need to purchase and do you sell them?
specs
In bundle, are Yamaha P-105's music rest and power supply included?
Is this case cut to allow proper airflow into the X32? The bottom doesn't looks like it; just looks flat &amp; that design reportedly causes overheats.
Does this fit the Behringer x32 Compact? If not, do you sell one that does?
this item it is in stock yes or no? 2 days shipping with prime ?
Is this item sound active
can you set the light to stay on always?
is this dmx active
can this device pair with an ION Bluetooth Block Rocker? Trying to use is in a fitness class.
So, can this be used as a LIVE microphone? so the receiver would transmit to your phone, which would connect to a bluetooth speaker??
will this pair with the Braven BRV 1
can you use this product with Samsung note 3 whilst recording movies?
Can you use this product with a I-pad to turn receiver on and off? And can you use multiple microphones and receivers?
Can this device able to connect to car radio with built in blue tooth? Can you down load the recorded voice onto the computer?
Can you attach a phone or mp3 player for music?
Does it come with a microphone?
does it comes with a microphone?
How long is the microphone cord?
Does it show the words on the screen?
Does this hook to the television to show the words?
Does it have the power adapter to plug in the wall so not to use the batteries?
Does it have to be a special CD?
The lyrics are not showing up
do you need a television
Do you have to use music in order for it to work or can you just use it as a regular microphone?
Does it come with microphone?
Can you play regular CDs on this or only CDs for Karaoke machines.
Does this have a way to connect an mp3 player or something to it for input?
Can you use it just to play music too?
can it play mp3
YOU CAN USE AN ADAPTER OR 8 C CELL BATTERIES
WHAT TYPE OF BATTERIES DOES THIS MACHINE USE?
There seems to be conflicting answers regarding being able to be used with Mp3 or Iphone plugged in. Does it have this capability?
Can it be connected to a laptop so that we can see the words when we are not near a TV?
can you plug headphones to it and not hear the drums at all?
Does this drum set have head phone jacks for private and silent drumming?
How sturdy is the kit? On YouTube videos, it looks like the kit is wobbling every time a pedal is hit. Is there any way to get it to sit still?
does it have an amplifier that i can use for this kit
We bought this and love it. We lost the cord that plugs it into the outlet. Need a replacement cord. Any suggestions?
amp?
Does this drum set come with amplifier?
Do you need headphones to hear this or N amp?
does it come with any warranties?
Could you suggest a small speaker for this product
Can it only take 2GB micro SD card or any size will work in it?
True Bypass? Analog-Dry-Through?
This product vs. TC Electronic Ditto Looper X2 ? Debating between the two... which has greater features and performance would you say? Does it record/play in 24bit?
Will the JamMan Solo XT "JamSync" with the JamMan Express XT, or even the JamMan Stereo? That would be great.
I get bad feedback from JamMan Solo XT when I press the pedal to record. Guitar and amp hooked up per instructions.
IF you hold down the LOOP UP or LOOP DOWN buttons, does it "scroll" through the presets or must you press the UP/DOWN button once for each number?
The power supply jack is labeled 9 VDC/200 mA . Is this compatible with most multi-jack adapters for several pedals or is the polarity reversed?
Can i make a direct line like this: Piano, Guitar and Microphone -&gt; Mixer -&gt; Jamman -&gt; PA System, in order to loop all of them Layer by Layer?
Would the sound be efficient enough for a luncheon for about 300 people with someone speaking through a mic?
Can you use a 1/4" instrument jack in channels 5-8? Would like to use 2 mikes &amp; 2 guitars in channels 1-4 , and a KOPF floor stomper in 5-8.
what size are the bass speaker drivers in this system, 8"? 10"?
Can the speakers be put on stands?
What kind of microphones do I need with this? Also does it come with cables? And can you hook in guitars?
Can you add additional speakers to this system?
I have a few questions: I am a beginner, is this a good guitar to start with and are steel or nylon strings better? How close are the strings?
i want to get this amp"pyle-pro pvamp20 20-watt vamp-series amplifier with 3-band eq, which cables will work between both devices?
DOES THIS GUITAR HAVE AMP CONNECTOR?
Are the strings good?
Does it STAY in tune well, and when plugged in, does the high E and B string come through the mix?
Are the strings closer to the fretboard than on the regular acoustic guitar?
Steel or nylon strings?
Does this work with Rocksmith?
does it come with a strap to carry it standing up?
is it a real guitar or is it a picture of it
Does it work with the Rocksmith game?
Are the strings nylon or steel?
how big in inches is it
is this guitar a real guitar, that someone can play or is it just a picture
what size is the guitar and does it come with anything
does it come with it's own strings?
is this a real guitar, and can u play it to the audience or is it just a picture
CAN IT WORK WITH WINDOWS 8.1?
does the axiom air 32 work with logic pro x?
Does this have MIDI out? Can I use it to control something like the Korg volca synths?
Does it works with windows 7 64bit?
FL STUDIO?
Does it work well with garage band and Ipad? it is good to play with? Thanks!
Will the Axion Air 32 work with IOS on a late model iPad w Lightning connector?
Is this a cello case? or a violin case with a cello shape?
Does this case fit two bows or only one? I am still not clear about that...Also does it have a good suspension, is it safe?
Does it fit with all 4/4 violins?
will it hold my shoulder rest inside?
Was the case supposed to come with a blanket inside?
What are the dimensions of the case? How do I know my violin will fit safely, or at all?
Will this product work if I mix it with wired dmx (daisy chaining)?
Has anyone experienced any lag in response time with these? I am wondering since I change scenes constantly and rapidly.
Do these units use battery power (or do they slurp juice from the fixture?) If battery powered, how often do you need to change out the battery(ies)?
Will these work with the Blzzard pucks
Hi will this work with the Chauvet D-Fi 2.4GHZ series?
Where can I but more receivers only?
I am thinking about trying this out but I want to know if I can but more recivers, as I only have 1 dmx out I have around 10 movers.
does this needs to run power cord? or will this take power from a battery powered LED light?
With 1 transmitter and 2 receivers, is it possible to have the 2 receivers on different channels? i.e. one light turn red and other turn green?
Do these have to be paired each time they are plugged in or can they just power on and be working?
Can you program this with Delphi? Is there API documentation for a DLL that can me mapped into a programing language?
Do you have a user manual? Is the device working properly if the green LED light is flashing?
Let's say I lost the drivers CD (which I did). What can I do?
Is this compatible with MagicQ?
Is this compatible with LumiDesk Lite?
Is it compatible with windows 8 / 8.1 64bits or windows 7 64?
Will this work without issues with Freestyler?
Does it come with software?Such as Vixen,Light show pro or do i have to buy them separately
My cd was scratched in a move and I have a new computer now too. Anyone know where I can find the drivers?
Can this dongle be recognised by Chauvet ShowXpress software?
Could you tell me how much does it Weight?
Can you use this keyboard as a Midi controller?
Has anyone ever brought this on a plane as a carry one, or if not, do you think you could if you wanted?
Can you record a bass , guitar , drums directly into the keyboard ? Thanks!
Does it come with a case?
How good are the weighted keys (Not sure is they are even there?)
Is the MX-61 a multi-timbral keyboard wherin you can program the tracks through midi and play it back with different channels at the same time?
Does it have after touch? Or whenever you hit a key while on one of the strings voices, does it increase the volume of that key after you hit it?
Can it run on batteries?
What is the included music software?
Can it play just a drum rythym loop? Basically like a drum machine?
is this good for composing orchestral type music? is there a built in speaker&gt; how good is it?
Will this work with an old version of Garageband from 2007 on a relatively old iMac (Snow Leopard 10.6.8)?
Does it have MIDI in and OUT. AS in can it trigger MX sounds from an existic MIDI track in my DAW and then I can record it in my daw after quantizing
Waffling between the 49 and 61 key version. It's for my daughters who play piano. So are the extra 12 keys worth 200 bucks?
I'm a guitar player learning to play keys looking for a keyboard allowing me to record songs/prhases, save it and play them back. Can this do that?
does it come with the yamaha power cord for it?
Does this have a phaser, fuzz, reverb, and delay built in the keyboard? I am looking for a synth good for making music similar to tame impala.
Is the MX series vocoder capable w/mic or is that something you will need software for?
Hi, on the mx49- how is the key action response.. I know the keys are not 'weighted' but are they REAL light as compared to an acoustic piano?
where do you place the snare? upper center front playing surface touching the playing surface?
Does this come with the hole in the back already cut out? I'm sure I've seen pictures with and without it. (I'd prefer not to have it pre cut.)
WHAT ARE THE DIMENSIONS OF THE KIT?
What all does the kit come with?
What are thoughts on dis-assembly to facilitate backpacking with it? (small cordless drill) A friend has a packable guitar, a coffeepot just sucks.
what kind bonding agent or glue are have best results?
Does this cajon easy to build
Does this kit come with snares and all other part required to build this cajon and is there any recommend tools that helps me build the cajon?
Can this cajon work for any person including size and weight of that said person?
Does this kit come with feet for the Cajon?
Can you or can you not see the lyrics on the ipad screen when you are playing songs off youtube?
What iPad works with this unit?
Does it not work with iPods?
Will it use the music in my library
does it connect to the new ipad port, or do i need an adapter?
does this work with the new ipad mini? or will it only work with the old ipads? the sync cable is different
Can the light be turned off?
How thick can the tablet be? In other words, will it work if it is in a case (depending on the case thickness)?
I will buy multiple stands, if it fits our 7.44-inch Kindle Fires. Please answer my previous query.
Will this stand hold a kindle paperweight e-reader?
Would this work for a Cintiq Companion? I love it but the Cintiq is a large format tablet and weighs around 4 lb. Would this stand hold it securely?
Can this be used with a Kindle next to a chair so I don't have to bend my head looking down? I have a bad cervical spine and cannot hold my head dow
will this hold the nexus 10?
Looking to use this while using FaceTime, no problems with the camera operation, right?
What powers the LED?? Does it plug in or use batteries. If it uses batteries then what type and how many?? Thanks!
Will it work with iPad mini?
What very basic items would I need to make sound out of this item? I mean cords, amps, etc. I have never owned one, and do not own an amplifier.
How do I control the volume?
Will you be able to hear this Theremin with a headset plugged into it, instead of an amplifier?
Q? Why would an amp be required? It operates on waves, and the interference of waves. So, no amp, as in jimi Hendrix feedback. Headphones, to mixer?
Does this theremin ship to Canada
hello! do you ship that instrument to lebanon beirut?
can the instrument be plugged into a regular stereo amplifier.
What not-included items does this NEED or are RECOMMENDED to operate this theremin properly: mic stand, amp, foot pedal, mixer, and/or...?
i receive this theremin today and it doesn't work, is it because of adapter or what should i do?
Do you ship to the UK? and will the US power supply be compatible with UK sockets?
Must this mic be used with a transmitter or can it be used on it's own?
Is this mic compatible with iPhone 5?
I just bought this for my zoom h2n. It's not working. I turned on mic power, but it's not working, any ideas why it's not working?
Will this work well at concerts?
Is this an actual Sennheiser product or is this a third party product that can be used with the Sennheiser system?
how good is it for voice recognition (e.g. Dragon)?
Does this mic work with a DSLR camera such as a Canon Rebel or a Canon 5D?
I bought this mic to use with a Zoom H4n. When I plugged it in it doesn't seem to be picking up any audio. Any idea why that is the case?
I ordered this without realizing how short the cord is. Does anyone know where I can buy an extension cord for it? Need it asap thanks
I plugged this into my mic spot on computer, set it up through control panel, yet all it records are cricket chirps. Help! From the semi tech teacher.
Do I have bad Mics or bad Hardware? My Surface Pro 3, HTC One M7, and Canon Vixia HF500 won't record sound from this device?
What equipment is necessary to use the Mic?
Is this mic mono? The plug is stereo, but I only get left channel on camera and H1
Tried using this with the Rode VXLR adapter and my Zoom H6. I only hear sound when it's half-in. How do I fix this?
I'm a teacher and want to use this in the classroom. Will it transmit to any speaker? How?
Can I connect directly to my Yamaha Clavinova keyboard ?
When using the mic with one of the Sony ICD-xxxxx (e.g. ICD-UX533) digital voice recorders, is sound recorded on both stereo channels or just one?
does this microphone work with iPhone 6 or galaxy s5 or any other mobile devices ?
Why doesn't this work with my iPhone 6? It fits into the jack but the lav pics up no sound.
Does this work plugged directly into a zoom h4n? And no other device needed?
Does this bag fit a full sized electric Fender guitar?
What are the dimensions?
I just recently order a junior guitar but I need a bag. Is this good size for the guitar that I just ordered from amazon????
Product Dimensions: 16 x 6 x 12 inches &#xFF1F;&#xFF01; how tall is this bag actually? 16 inches?
Will my B.C. Rich Warlock guitar fit in this case? I just need it to transport my guitar to and from lessons.
I have a Wolfgang Special with a gk3 pick up - would it fit?
Will my Ibanez GRG120BDX fit in this case?
Will a 3/4 squier electric guitar fit in here
Looking for a bag for Fender Vince Ray Spook Show Acoustic Guitar T-bucket your dimensions seem off.
how high? will it an less paul epitone or tesco del ray electric
How tall is this guitar bag? Can it hold a Guitar that is 3inches tall?
How tall is this guitar bag? Can it hold a Guitar that is 3inches tall?
will it take care of my Les Paul Studio and Black Beauty (copy) ?
What size is this bag?
Will it fit a Fender CD60 dreadnought guitar?
How long is the long pocket at the top so I can buy a music stand that can fit in that pocket?
Will this fit a Jasmine S34C?
will this fit a dean performer?
Will it fit Hohner HC06E classical guitar?
this bag works for one Epiphone ES-339 P90 PRO Semi-Hollowbody Electric Guitar
Will it fit a Yamaha F335?
Will it fit a Jasmin S34C NEX ?
Does this case fits the Fender CD-60CE dreadnought acoustic guitar?
Would the case fit an Ibanez aw 250 dreadnaught guitar? 41" long; 16" wide and 5' deep roughly?
I have a Acoustic-Electric Bass, whose measurements are: 47.4 x 16.5 x 5 inches. According to the specifications might fit. whom I can confirm?
I have a Dean DA-20 acoustic-electric guitar. Will it fit that?
I have a Washburn WD10SCE acoustic electric dreadnaught cutaway. Would the case fit this guitar? Also, does the inside smell like chemicals or glue?
Would a 3/4 size acoustic guitar fit in here?
Would a 4inch thin-line guitar be safe in this case?
I see the latch has a key hole, does it include a key?
What is the inside depth dimension? I need ~6"
Will the Yamaha FG-335 fit in this case?
I want to know if my guitar will fit in the ChromaCast CC-AHC acoustic hard case. It is an epiphone model #PR-150NA, Serial #0907110437, will it fit
will this fit a lespaul epi
will it fit a fender strat squire it is 12 1/2 inches wide
Will it fit a fender bullet SSS stratocaster
My question is how does the guitar NOT slide around?? Apparently it does? Thats kind of annoying....
Will this case fit a Fender Jaguar?
will a Fender Mustang 1965 reissue fit into it?
Will this fit a Kramer Pacer?
Will it fit a Ibanez GIO double cutaway?
will it fit a 7 string ibanez
will a rickenbacker 360 fit in this case?
Is it a 110 or a 220?
I have an ART DJ Phono pre-amp hooked up to my record-player. The pre-amp doesn't power my headphones enough. Is this the missing piece in my setup?
will ordering the 220v model need to be shipped from china? how long is the shipping time usually?
can i order the 220v model?
My LD is less than one year old and the channel gain is not balanced. It is still under warranty. How do I warranty this product to get fixed?
Where and who do you leave message to get 220v?
Guys, the specs says "Available in either 120VAC or 220VAC", how can I set the voltage in the order?
Since the tube ports are exposed, I was wondering whether it is advisable to place this unit in some type of ventilated cage or cabinet to avoid dust?
Can I run Siemens Blue Glass 6Ak5 or Sylvania tubes as the driver tubes in this hybrid headphone amp? They were in a L.D. MK2 originally?
If you buy better tubes, do they have to be a matched pair?
Can this amp run safely into 4 Ohm speaker ? Is that 50 watt per/channel into 4 Ohms or 8 Ohms ???
What are the dimensions of this amplifier?
Can I hook up bare speaker wire to the back of these? It seems like they only accept banana plugs...
can this play mp3
Could this little amp be used to give my 50 watt/channel integrated amp a little more power?
Was the supplied power supply a 100 volt unit? Did you need a step-down transformer?
Can I connect a turntable to this?
I have 2 25 watt 16 ohm speakers that need driven in stereo. Will this be able to power them?
So it is no use to someone looking for a 50 Watt for 2 woul;d want to use it listen in with earphones except RCA to a 3.5 or larger?
Can this be connected to two car audio speakers? I want to make a flat homemade boombox (to sit under a keyboard). Would that be the best approach?
is this good for gaming like does it produce a nice sound with explosions or shooting
Can this amp be used as a preamp for iPod or iPad out to a bigger interegrated. Amp
24V, What amp load is the AC power supply? Running T-amp on 24V batteries: worry electric of tube will overload twin 18aH batts. w/50Watt amplifier?
Bought one a few months ago but had to send it back because sloppy assembly. Anyone noticed improvements on more recent batches?
From Bravo: Do you know if they also offer remote control? Would love remote as preamp to my ClassT amp for speakers (seems some QC issues few users?)
does this work with a headset with microphone, or would i need to run the mic cable to the PC?
I'm not sure i understand, is this a russian 6922 or a 12au7?
Can you boost the Bass using this AMP ? I need strong Bass for gaming, does this AMP's EQ work well for adjusting the Bass ?
This sounded rich and was a clear improvement from my laptop's jack at first, but now I can't notice a difference (2 weeks). Burnout? Malfunction?
What tubes can I use with this amp. Is there a certain model number? I already have this amp, however I'm looking for a better tube to add more warmth
Just received this &amp; am unclear how to use headset without it being plugged in. What setting does the unit need to be on in order to work wirelessly?
how long will this system run after charging &amp; how long does it take to charge?
If I use this device to listen to a mp3 audio file and turn it off, will the device resume the audio file that was playing?
I get a lot of feed back when I wear this set. I have it below my waist and the microphone on my neck. Any suggestions on how to stop the feed back?
Can I use a hand held microphone with this product? What size is the microphone input? 3.5 mm? 4.5 mm?
Is the headset comfortable? Would it fit a child?
its the first time i using it and when i plug it in to charge the led light is green what does that mean?
what are the dimensions of this item?
my husbands bass guitar is pretty heavy - though I don't have the exact weight. Is there a weight limit for the hanger? thank you.
Will this product work with a ukulele, or do I definitely have to get the ukulele version from String Swing? Thanks.
Will this hold a classical guitar, which has a 2 inch fingerboard?
will these hold a 6 string bass
I have 3 Ovation guitars and want to hang them. Two are 12 string guitars with the "deep bowl" design. Will they hang without touching the wall?
If I am buying three String Swings is it possible to have them shipped together and just pay one of the shipping costs? Please let me know! Thanks.
When guitars are hung does it hold the guitar slightly aloft or will it be straight down on the wall?
Is stud mounting needed
what country was this manufactured in?
does it have capability to add wireless chip like the MT14K version to add another mic?
I can use it i Peru where electricity is 220 not 110?
Can I use any other music different to the one included ?
Does anyone experience on the tilt axis that they are to top heavy and bounce down and now your lights are out of sync?
works with sound ?
IS THERE A MANUL FOR THIS LIGHT?
how come it doesn't work with branded dmx boards?
I NEED CONNECT 10 STRIPES WHAT DO YOU RECOMEND ME
why does this unit have 2 power inlets?
Will this work with the Sylvania Mosaic Flexible LED strips? I want to run almost 70ft from a single controller.
I ordered this item and it is missing the male pins on each end as shown in the picture. Are the male pins a separate order or is mine missing parts?
Can the repeater be used at the start of each home run instead of at the end of the first run?
Shouldn't these have come with a power supply??
I need to connect 2) 5M 300 led strips to a 12V 150A power supply. From controller to a "Y" connector to each led strip. Do I need a repeater?
Will constant power to this keep the downstream lights on constantly? Or will they power down from the LED controller like the upstream lights?
Will a 12v automotive power supply be sufficient power for this? Looking to run 4 strips for a total of 64 ft of led.
Is a PWM output of max +5V (of the Arduino) sufficient to drive the amp?
What type of top and sides is this guitar have? Cedar, spruce, mahogany. Maple, cherry?
What strings are on this?
Is it shipped inside its hard case?
Why does this have a more orangy looking color then the other $199 one?
how long is the guitar? Is it 39 in?
Are the strings on this guitar nylon?
What brand is the case?
Is the guitar in this package the same as "Epiphone LP Special II Les Paul Electric Guitar" which retails for $169 right here on amazon?
does it work with rock smith, would i need an extra cable to hook it to locksmith ps3 game?
What's the diference about this one and the $259 Epiphone ?
What's the diference between this and the $259 epiphone ?
does the package actually come with the LTD model as advertised?
is this made of mahogany or password?
what kind of guitar strings do i get?
Can the Epiphone LP Special ii Elecric guitar be used as a Hawaiian steel guitar?
Can the Epiphone LP Electric Guitar be used as a Hawaiian steel guitar
Is this lefthanded or righhanded?
Does it work for the Samsung Galaxy S3?
Any idea what the max cable length would be for ipad/iphone? I need to rig a mic about 30 feet from an ipad.
I want to dictate a report into my ipad and have the typing done for me. Will this microphone work for that purpose?
Will this allow me to use ann xlr mic for recording audio for iphone 6 plus videos? What about using an xlr mic to record audio in Garageband?
I am needing to stream with my iPod touch to a Ustream Broadcast. Would I be able to use this to record the audio portion for the broadcast?
will this work with the fire hd tablet
Does it work with LG G2?
Will this cable suppress electrical interference such as mobile-phone signalling, given that part of it isn't shielded as well as an XLR cable?
Can I take video with the iPhone while recording the audio with this?
Could this be plugged into a Canon 70D with a shotgun microphone?
What parts are actually shipped in the box? Specifically, does the C-clamp include the short extension rod?
Will this work on an iPad 3 with a case on?
What's the size of the screw that is on the iPad end of that angled adapter (not the pole end)?
Does it come with the actual music stand?
Can this screw onto the top of a microphone stand?
Will this be compatible with the iPad mini with retina display??
Will this support iPad 4? Maybe?
Will this fit an iPad Air? This description doesn't mention it specifically...
Will the holder fit a 10" tablet like the Surface 2?
Thinking of using this to mount a Kindle Fire gen 1 to a floor lamp pole. Will holder fit a Kindle Fire, and will clamp fit onto a 3/4" dia pole?
My daughter has an Epiphone Hummingbird. Will it fit in this case? The length of the guitar is 42 1/2 inches. The dimension of the case is 45 inches.
can this fit taylor 214CE? Thanks.
Would this case fit Fender T-Bucket 300CE Cutaway Acoustic-Electric Guitar?
Will the Alvarez Artist Series AD60L guitar fit in this case?
What are the interior dimensions length, upper bout, lower bout, waist, depth, headstock length?
Will a Fender T-bucket 300 fit this case?
will the Estabon guitar fit in this case
will this fit a Yamaha FS720s?
My guitar is 40" long x 13" wide x 4" deep. Will it fit?
Airline safe?
will this fit an epiphone les paul 100?
Will this fit an Ibanez GRX70QA?
Will it fit a Danelectro U3. 13.5 lower bout
will it fit a stratocaster...how about a jaguar
Will this fit a "Ibanez AF75 Artcore Hollowbody 12 String Electric" guitar..??
will this fit a bc rich Avenge (dimensions 44 x 17.5 at it's biggest points
will a SQUIER STRATOCASTER by fender fit perfectly in this case? thank you
What are the interior dimensions? Width x Height x Thickness?
Would a 43" guitar like the Fender FA-100 fit?
Could you confirm the dimensions of this gig bag? 14 x6 x12 inches does not make sense to fit a standard acoustic guitar. Please confirm.
Would a 42inch guitar fit in the gig bag?
Will this bag fit a Rogue Starter Acoustic Guitar with 7/8 scale? http://www.amazon.com/Rogue-Starter-A...
My acoustic Martin is 16" wide, 41" long, and a tad over 4" thick...will it fit the case?
Is there any leather on it... anywhere?
is the pocket on the neck long enough to hold a portable guitar stand?
Does it fit Wasburn D100, the bottom of D100 is quite big when compare to traditional acoustic guitar. Thanks.
Does it have any padding?
Will this case fit a 23" child's first guitar?
will it it most standard lead guitars
I have an Ovation CC 48. Will it fit? It has a super shallow bowl.
will this fit epiphone special II?
What are the dimensions of electric padded gig bag
What is the length of this bag?
I have Les Paul Epiphone Special II. Does it fit in this bag?
Does the Ibanez iceman IC500 fit well in this bag?
Is the strap for the guitar or the case?
will this fit epiphone special II?
will this fit an ASM form bc rich?
hi, is this artist 7 or artist 7.5?
what is the best interface to use with this software?
Is this the full version of the software, or is it simply an upgrade to Cubase 7? If I buy this with no preexisting software, will I have all I need?
Not at the same time but, can be used in two different compurers?
Hi, It will be possible to activate this product from Russia? Steinberg.net sad: Sorry, this product can not be purchased online in your country.
Only 32bit?
CAN I PLAY FROM A LAPTOP WITH THIS UNIT ?
where can I find a manual for this MUSYSIC 6 CHANNEL 2000 Watts PROFESSIONAL POWER MIXER AMPLIFIER With USB/SD Slot
I have 250 watt continuous peavey speakers? How well will this power mixer do?
How do I connect my laptop to this mixer?
Will the usb play from an ipod/iphone or mp3 format only?
Can I use 12 Gauge Professional Speaker Cable 1/4'' to 1/4'' to output to Speakers?
Can I use a 12 Gauge Professional Speaker Cable 1/4'' to 1/4'' for Output to Speakers?
is there a sub or low out?
I have both RCA and XLR on my DJ controller can I just plug into the XLR or RCA input on mixer and play
Anybody know the Ohms so I can match it to the speakers I'm looking at?
did this come with a case?
Does it come with a case?
What materials are the nut, saddle and bridge pins made from? And where was the guitar made?
Could you please advise the shipping weight of this guitar ? ( including the hardcase )
Just to clarify this is an Upgrade to cubase 7.5 from cubase le or ai right? Also does it come with a usb elicenser (aka usb dongle)?
I just want to verify that I can update with this from 4 LE? Also want to confirm that 4 LE outside the US can be upgraded with this?
Would this be an upgrade from cubase 7 Elements as well?
I located in Venezuela and I've legal Cubase LE 7. I can upgrade without any locations problems or it&acute;s only for the EEUU? THX
I own Cubase AI 7, will this work? Is there some sort of region lock to the software, I'm located in Canada and I can't find the upgrade anywhere.
hello, this is the retail upgrade cubase 7.5 from any other versions or not?
Is Cubase 5 LE eligible for this upgrade? Or is limited to Cubase 7 LE?
Just want to verify that I can update with this from Cubase Studio 4?
is this a stand alone keyboard. Can you just plug it into an electric wall outlet?
how much does it weigh?
Is it polyphonic?
does this come with a bass drum pedal
Can i use the pedal from my acoustic set for this kit?
Does it have USB output for midi? Or any output for midi?
Is there a headphone input?
I have heard of folks swapping out the snare with the 8" PDX. There is a 10" as well. Anyone know if this will also fit and anyone use one?
What size (diameter) are the pads ?
I know it is posible to upgrade the snare pad with a PDX-6 pad, but could you use the stock pad in some way? like a 4rd tom or a cowbell or whatever?
What is the voltage for this portable drum set? Is it 110V to 240V?
Does it support double bass?
Will the 400mA section power a Radial Tonebone?
Can you power non high-current pedals with the high-current ports? I have two Strymon pedals but would only have use for two of the high-current ports
Can I connect a daisy chain to the high powered outlets to power more (low-powered ) pedals?
Can you run your basic 9v non power hungry pedals through the high current?
Can I purchase this pedal for Australia? The US version works with 120v, the Australian version needs to be 240v as our voltage is 230v?
Does it have a fan? If so, what is the noise level?
Do you think I could buy Europe/Australia model here which is 220-240V 50/60Hz ?
The description says it will mount under a pedaltrain board. Has anyone done this successfully? If so how????
Does this purchase come with the cables or do you have to buy those separately?
does it come with the doubling cable to get 18v out of 2 of it's outputs?
how is the wiring set up? I have a pair of yamaha dxr10 connected to my macbook. and I just want some lighting effect for a house party.
What is the best way to hang this product up to a wall/ceiling? What equipment will I need?
How many channels does this fixture have?
Do you need fog or haze for this light to be effective?
i notice there is another mini kinta with blue lens, is there a difference on the light that will be projected?
Can you set which color you want the system to project, or does it project different colors all at once?
I have to put the Kinta right next to my powerful subwoofer for it to kick into sound active mode even if I play on loud volume. Defective?
Sound active mode isn't doing anything, just playing the default light show. Tried adjusting mic sensitivity. Is my unit defective?
Do I need DMX cable if not using that mode
Love the light, but am I doing something wrong or are they just not durable? Bought two, both failed between 30-40 days - just past refund.
my guitar has nylon strings, will this pickup work? if not, which do you recommend? thx
Is it a good sound for shows?
Will this work on a 12-string?
will this work for the 100$ jasmine acoustic they sell on here
is there a volume adjustment on the pickup so I don't have to fiddle with the amp
How does this work with rocksmith, are there any special cables I will need to buy?
How long is the cable?
what size sound hole does this fit
Does it still sound like an acoustic guitar or does it sound like an electric guitar?
Can i plug it in and talk over phone? like use this mic for audio in and use the internal speakers for audio out?
Will this mic work with an iphone 5?
Okay, I want to video my daughter playing and singing. My iPhone and iPad don't pick up the sound even from a few feet away. Would this catch sound?
Is this a good mic to record vocals? Will it work with iPad 4?
Is it requires windscreen?
How well will this mic pick up voice in meetings. I need something that will record for daily meetings that I can dictate from.
would this work in conjunction with an android spl app like Sound Meter to get a better measurement?
I would like to use this for an interview with a WW2 vet. Do you think this would be good for that?
Would this do well for voice and guitar? Does it provide the quality necessary for such?
Is the port below the microphone for earphones (audio)?
Is the neck of this guitar the same dimensions as the Hummingbird? Is it as good as the Hummingbird?
does it come in diffrernt colors
Where do I put a strap on it?
made in the usa ?
Does this guitar has a truss rod to be adjusted?
Can it be used with a strap? Because it doesn't seem to have a strap button down.
So my only concern is... Where does the battery goes?
Where is the epiphone dove manufactured?
is the action good i mean the strings are not to high
Hey Community, has anybody actually had success converting from CDG to MP3G?
can this unit handle two speakers (50 watt each) to the rca jacks and can you run a woofer also,also can you use a amplifier if desired?
Can I input songs using an ipod? Looking for a high quality way for my daughter to sing and record current songs-would an amp,ipod, and mic do it?
can you copy a karaoke DVD to a USB drive and have this player play it from the USB? Same question for VCD.
When you do karaoke, is there default videos or images that scroll by or play in the background?
Are there lyrics shown to sing along with.
I cannot get the microphones to work. Did I get a bad machine?
What is the sound like with this unit for vocals?
Can i simply play an MP3 disk or a USB audio as a karaoke track sing along? Or does it need MP3G for karaoke?
When using this unit to do karaoke, does it have the capability to change keys to match different singers ?
How long is the cord from the headset to the transmitter plug?
Can anyone verify that this includes the audiotechnica locking 4-pin plug adapter? The description says it works with AT, but AT adapter not pictured.
Will this work with the Shure BLX1 Bodypack transmitter?
Will this work with the Shure BLX1 bodypack transmitter?
Will this work with the Sony UWP-V1 wireless system?
Will one of the 3.5 adapters work with a Sony UTX-B1?
Will this be compatible with Shure PGXD1 bodypack transmitters?
Does phantom power provide better response? Is it required? How best to provide phantom power?
Is there an exstention or a longer cable, this one for me as I use is about half the length I need
Is this guitar too "much" (in terms of price) for a beginner? I want something nice and I have full intentions of sticking w/ it and taking care of it
Does this come with a cloth case?
Is the design etched into the pickguard, or does it come off if you remove the protective covering?
what does the shadow system do?
Where is this made?
what is the differenc between the hummingbird pro fc model and others
what is the differenc between the hummingbird pro fc model and others
Is this guitar good for beginners like I don't know anything about playing guitars and I want to learn?
Are there any free picks, bag, strap or amp cable?
What brand of strings does this guitar come with??
are these small or large? I need large ones
do you remove the plastic part?
Are they all the same size?
does the post go completely through these?
do these work with screw-back earrings?
Do these lock into place? Young girls tighten their earring backs too much and squeeze their little ears, looking for a back that wont allow that.
Will these work with earrings with short posts?
I was wondering if these earing backs were pretty good to use in place of an earing with a piecer back?
WHAT IS TAGALOG
can I change the key I sing in to a lower or higher key.
is there arabic songs built in. if not can we play arabic songs
Can I see the list of songs here before I buy?
can i use my laptop as a monitor for magic sing
I bought this for Xmas for my husband. Why is his voice delayed from the microphone? It's delayed...it's so annoying. The echo is off.
When we get this set up it freezes every time after download. We can't even get a menu to pop up? anyone else having this issuer? I think I have a defective unit and will be returning it
Are the songs in English/Tagalog?
HOW TO TURN ON/OFF THE SONGS VOCAL?
How do you know if a chip set works for this version (ET 23KH)?
What type of wood is it made of?
does it come with the guitar?
does the guitar sound good?
is it good brand
Where is this guitar made?
I was told by the company that production of RL4's was moved to Indonesia in 2005. Do you think this would be the same guitar as the Korean made?
where is this guitar made?
If you used this with a Blue Snowball, would you mind pointing me in the right direction to what size adapter I need for this to work? Thank you.
Can the integrated cable be removed/replaced?
Will this arm support the weight of a Blue Snowball?
What do you think of this with the ATR 2500?? Anything extra I should look into??
Can the table clamp be removed so that it can be mounted permanently to a table?
does the remote that comes with this reciever have a Blue LED on the front of it, or a Red LED?
Is it possible to program one remote to control two controllers?
How many mm is the DC jack?
Hi, I think the product worked well with one remote and receiver. Can one remote control multiple receivers at the same time?
If I have 4 different sections of LED lights not connected together on our boat, will the same remote work for each section? or must use all 4 remotes
What are the dimensions of the controller/dimmer? The photo looks as if it is smaller than the remote.
What is the difference between R106 vs R107 remotes?
will this work with SUPERNIGHT LED Strip Light, 5M or 16.4ft, SMD 5050, Waterproof 300 LEDs?
What batteries are in the remote?? Has anyone had to replace them yet and can say roughly what battery life the remote has? Thanks
Can you get multiple receivers with the same frequency to control more than one LED strip with one controller?
When this power is cut will the controller remember the last setting? Ex. Lights on 50% and when the power is back its also on at 50% again
Does the current draw go down as lights are dimmed or is the excess energy just dumped in the dimmer?
Received my receivers today. Neither one works. Wired correctly, running only 19" of LEDs. Won't even power on/off.
Is this water proof?
What is the warrenty
It has a year warrenty. I'd like to have this one replaced
In case you want to use a more powerful external amplifier on the mixer is it possible either by automatically disabling the in- built amp?
Does this unit work with RCA inputs or other inputs from laptops, and also play to speakers in stereo?
Rack mountable?
Are the main line outputs balanced outputs?
Does this have an output to plug in our recorder.
You can't zoom in on these pictures, do you have any other pictures anywhere? Or a schematic of the controls?
Are the speaker outputs 1/4"?
can this ship to philippines sir?
do these plug into a 110 outlet?
Can you pick the modes?? I just put mine out today, and I had NO PAPERWORK (in fact came in a plain brown box)
Does it hang down from the ceiling 6m or 3m? I have a 20' high ceiling that I want it to run from the top to the bottom.
Everyone is saying different things. How many strands and how far apart are the 6m x 3m. Thank you so much!
How far apart are the drops?
can the strands be cut for an exact fit? i have different size areas
I want to select just one mode, but no matter how often I push the button, it sequences through all the modes. How can I select one permanent mode?
Hi what country plug type are they please?
Are these 6meters long or 6 meters tall?
how do you untangle these???
Anyone explain how to fit a Blue Snowball onto this ?
If the ShockMount Does not fit your mic can you connect your own shock mount to the boom arm?
will this hold the yeti pro?
Can this mount work with the audio technica at2020 if i use the shock mount that works for the at2020? Will another shock mount even fit into this?
how wide is the diameter of the shock mount? i have blue yeti and i was wondering if it will fit or not.
Will it hold a rode nt1 a
Does this stand work for the blue yeti microphone
How long is the XLR cable threaded thru the assembly?
Will this hold the Blue Yeti USB Microphone?
Will this hold the Behringer C-1U Condenser Microphone Cardioid
How do you fix when the music does not sync with the voice. I have this brand and it is not working right. Can you please advise how to troubleshoot.
for tagalog songs does it comes with chip or its built in?
does this mike get hook up to T.V &amp; picture, words and music are displayed on your T.V.&amp; you are rated how you do? merryb.
Can I download new karaoke song to the mic
How do I get the free song chip, the link does not work?
Does this come with the song book?
Does the music sound like the actual songs or does it sound like that cheesy music box sound?
Where can I get extra chips?
are the pictures actual videos? or they are still images?
where can I get a song list?
Has anyone tried other speaker cables? I see this includes only 6meter (20ft) "special" cables and I'd like to be able to go 40-50ft.
Is there a concern about running only one speaker, say out of the left channel? This for smaller venues. Don't want to hurt the channel not used.
Can Bluetooth be integrated via USB?
Do you need active monitors for the monitor out or will it push a couple small monitors and the mains?
I have a set of QSC K8 (powered) speakers - can I connect these to the 600i to effectively have a 4 speaker set-up?
Are the RCA jacks on channel 7/8 line outputs? I also am wanting to record from the board, but may also need to run monitors at the same time.
Are the RCA jacks on channel 7/8 line outputs? I also am wanting to record from the board, but may also need to run monitors at the same time.
If I order from Australia will come as 240V with an Australian plug.
Can I plug in a digital recording device such as a Tascam ? Using it for seminars and would like to record directly from the mixer unit.
mackie 808 with speaker
is this speaker rechargeable ?
what is the weight of this speaker??
does it holds it the bass
Does it have a pole mount on the bottem?
I would like to purchase a 2nd matching speaker and would like to know where to get it?
I can't find anywhere what type of inputs and outputs are on this unit. cannot find it, if so what kind? 1/4 in, RCA, XLR?
do i have to buy this twice to get two speakers?
Hi, can I hook my RMX Hercules Mixer to this speaker ? And how load can it gets?
Can I connect a microphone to this speaker?
Can you connect a microphone to this?
Dose Cubase 7 need USB-ELICENSER??
Is this version for PC or Mac?
i see also cubase 7.5 is 4.99 ... is that same ? or deffrent ?
i m from to Ecuador, can i activate the sofware in my country?? because i read other people can not it
Is this a 2-way speaker system or is only a 12" Sub Woofer?
does it have a hole for mounting on a tripod?
does this have a two or three band equalizer?
how long does battery last on a full charge?
how long does take to charge the batter and is there any indication when the charge is complete
Is there any way to play music from a smart phone or mp3 player through the speaker?
Is this item a 1 unit piece of equipment?
Do both speaker have wheels and handle. Picture only shows 1
Can this unit be plugged into wall in addition to using battery power?
Does the body pack w/lapel &amp; headset come in addition to the two handheld mics as pictured? If so, is the lapel plug a 1/8" jack?
The end looks different from other plugs i'm used to do I need to buy anything extra
is it sound activated too
110v or 220v ?
I did not get a user manual and dont know how to properly operate this unit. Can anyone help me? I want to have green and yellow colors please
how do you get the lights to move to music. what does the microphone input do?
does it need batteries or a light bulb of some kind
Does it sync up with my music? If so, how?
The one I got doesnt rotate. Is it broken or should the lighs project and spin too? The lights just change after cycling thru the menu.
How do you activate the sound sense?
Is the light stationary or does it rotate when it's projected?
Picture shows no power supply, buy converter has 5V power jack. Does it need a separate power supply?
Does the power rating allows 240V?
Probably rehash. Can run digital audio from blu-ray player to old, very good Harman Kardon stereo receiver?
My TV has optical digital audio out signal set to Ac3 but my receiver accepts only analog RCA input. Can I use this decoder to run my receiver?
will this unit work with me new Tivo Romeo DVR and my "magic ears" headset?
Will this work with a Roku?
Why doesn't this thing work with my LG TV? I have turned the TV speakers to "off" as the the manual says. Nada. Any other suggestions?
Will the TV remote control the volume when using headphones?
Hi, in the description it says it converts dolby digital to analog but i saw one review saying no. it will work with ntsc and atsc or not?
My Panasonic automaticlly switches to dolby if the station is ATSC. Ad says this supports it, some users say no. What it it Please?
Would this fit a 1/2 size cello? Thinking of getting it for my daughter.
What color is the veneer?
Does the current model have a spot for a bow? Thank you.
Some of the reviews say there is a spot for a bow, but others say there isn't. Can any of you clarify whether there is a place for a bow? Thanks!
What kind of wood is the cello stand made out of? Hardwood, or is it veneer? Thanks
Whats the difference between these and the standard set of JJ tubes? The addition of a rectifier?
Are the EL84s a matched set? Do the 3 ECC83s include a balanced V3 position?
WHAT COUNTRY ARE THEY MADE IN?
jj brand who is the manufacturer and what country are they made in?
does this come with 4 el84s? It says "1" in product description.
What does PU leather mean?
will this fit the samsung galaxy note 10.1..model GT-N8013?
does this case fit the 10.1 galaxy note tablet 2013 version
Does this case fit the Verizon Version SCH-1925 of the galaxy 10.1 note? My tab is 10.3" wide &amp; apparently different from other vers of the 10.1 note
is the key board removable?
is this compatible for a samsung galaxy note tab 10.1
Will this case also turn 360 deg with the keyboard?
will this also work with the galaxy tab 2?
does this work with the note n8013
Is is with a CD containing software?
Can you plug headphones into it?
This piano plays harmonies or only play key by key?
I can't make the cd work on my mac, is there a reader/ adapter to make a tiny cd into a normal sized cd?
From an extreme non-techie with a Mac: simplest software / sound card to prevent delay (latency)?
Does this keyboard support an electronic sustain pedal?
Don't have a CD-rom. Is there a site to download the software directly?
i cant get the display to work to see the words??? first time hooked up
does it come with a mic?
Does the microphone only work when a cd or ipod put with it?
Do you have to plug in through the t.v.? Will any I pods work with it allowing you to use your own music? Also, will karaoke cd's work in this?
Does it show the lyrics to songs from your mp3 player?
Do I have to build this instrument or does it arrive fully built?
Does this have a USB port?
Can i use headphones?
Is this ever available in black?
The top 3 or 4 notes of the YDP-142 I played sounded awful, not musical. Is that a characteristic of the YDP142 or did I just get a bad sample?
May I know what comes in the box? does comes with a chair? headphones..
is it delivery in one piece? whether need assembling?
Does this product have a harpsichord setting?
How many voices does it have?
Will you ship to Bunbury, Western Australia? My residence zip code is 6230?
What are the dimensions?
There are a number of these reflection filters for sale, many $70-$80 cheaper than this one - any thoughts on whether this one is worth the extra $?
Hello what comes with this item arf-05
Is the 12" height inclusive of the small 'legs' - and are the 'legs' adjustable for desk usage? If so, how much height do they add?
Does a mic come with this?
Are there additional solder points throughout the strip so that I can easily cut into smaller strips different uses? I'd like to use these strips to run lights around the inside rim of each of my bicycle tires.
My lights both have the same female connectors. How do I hook them up to my power supply?
If the transformer is unplugged from the wall, what happens when it is plugged back in? Do the settings default, or does the controller remember last?
For outside installs: Waterproof is great ... what about exposure to UV? Does UV exposure breakdown the LED substrate?
I have an application I need to run 54'. what would i need to complete the project? It is indoors would not need t be water proof.
With the RGBW or RGBWW, can you just have the colored leds on or are the white leds always on when the colored leds are on?
hi i hust bought 2 - 16 ft light strips. They are 5 pin units with 4 colors and one white. Can i connect the 2 strips on one power source?
The specs say these draw 72W, but I'm drawing about 7.2W at max brightness. Decimal point error?
i want to connect a 5050 rgb strip i bought from you to a t1000s controller but i dont know wich is the data cable and the clock i only see v-r-g-b
how much protection agains water have ip65 or ip67?
Were they actually white or did they have a blue tint? Were they bright enough that you could see your way down a path?
What are the 8 modes?
What color are the wires. Black or Green?
Do I have to purchase a solar panel seperately? In the product description, there is no solar panel included.
I purchased these lights back in April. Although they are very nice, is there a switch for them to be on constantly, and not blinking or fade in/out?
how long is the lead wire from the solar panel to the first light
i want to attach this to the bottom of my longboard, do i need to keep the leds plugged in to a power source to keep working?
i have bought from you 3 strip lights led,can i use three of them together with the same ac power supply and if not what should i do to make all thre
I have a room that will require 5 16.4 ft strips to light. I want to run the entire room off 1 remote, so what all will I need to purchase to do this
does this product come with the proper 120v plug for north american use?
I am interested in filling up a party room of about 160 ft all around. What do you recommend me buying? Is there someone I can call?
Is there a difference between HiMart, Lemonbest, or SUPERNIGHT?
Do these come with instructions about how to program the remote?
single color dimmable?
I want to connect the 3 strips but the strip is too thick b/c of the waterproof plastic on top. What do I do?
I see 12 varieties to choose from but not sure what the differences are between them all. What's the differences?
how does the power supply work when you cut the strips?
What size of power supply is suggested to run three strips in parallel continuously? 20A? 30A?
Why these lights ( most LED's) don't stay in place? The tape that comes with it doesn't last 2 days, I think the heat from it melts the glue and they fall from under cabinets... This should be fixed, it is really bad to do a job 2 times...
does this item come with power supply? and how do use them??
My LEDs are getting really hot after just a few minutes. 6 a supply with only 7ft of strip. Ideas?
i put about 6' of this on one 12v dc power supply and after about 5 minutes, it starts to blink. any ideas on that problem?
Plan on laying these in a acrylic tray with the LED touching/shining through the arcrylic. Do these get hot enough to melt/burn acrylic/polycarb?
if i buy (4) strip 16.4 ft, what other parts i need to complete project?
are they dimeable?
what power supply do you think that could run 6 rolls in parallel? 30a?
Is this one better than the #325?
Does it come with a shoulder rest
Where was it made from?free set up with bridge?
does this product come with warranty?
Is there only a fine tuner on the E string or the other strings too?
I live in an apartment and have a noisy neighbor, mostly kitchen banging sounds and walking. Will this help dampen the sounds?
Would these be effective in keeping the sound from a gym studio from travelling to a business next door?
I have a noisy chicken and live in a residential community. Would this work to sound-proof a chicken coop?
I plan to build a 3'x3'x3' sound booth in my office for voice over work. I'm designing it to sit on my desk. Is this good for the project?
i have a very open living room where I do some home studio recordings. Would this product help dampen the reflection when mixing my songs. purpose
how do you attach it to the wall?
Would these be useful to reduce sound from a cyclone dust collector located in a small room off my shop that vents back to the shop.
Neighbors sleep in the room above our 5 month old's (we live in a flat). I want to cover a majority of ceiling,will these help dampen his 2am screams?
how much does 1 pack of 12 tiles weigh?
Is this what would be called "open cell" foam?
so are these very good for studio porpuses??
How do you attach these to your walls?
whats the sq for one order?
Is this easy to remove if you move?
I want my room to be silent. No TV and people talking sound. If i install this, will it work ?
Would these help reduce the noise emanating from my home drum/band rehearsal room?
Has anyone used this to reduce the noise in say, an apartment with paper thin walls? If so, has it worked?
I am thinking of putting these in my basement for a theater/ tv room. Would these kill the echo?
how much weight is per foam tile?
Im looking to sound proof my apartment so that my 1000watt surround sound won't bother my neighbors. Will this foam work for something around 20ft by 20ft if I buy two or more sets of foam?
First...mounting on brick? Second better quality when set up with no space between the tiles? or does it make a difference?
Could something like 3M spray adhesive keep these on a painted wall?
what are the dimensions of the box for shipping?
I am wanting to use these to soundproof my room from outside noise, will these be effective at that?
for soundproofing, should 1/2 be on one wall and the other half on the opposite or all on one?
Can you put it on glass windows?
Will these work to dampen sound from noisy neighbors???
How thick is this material? 1 inch or 2 inch?
How would I put these on the wall?
I am trying to soundproof a machine tool. My question is do you think that a 2HP router will be quiet inside a cabinet with this hung on the inside?
How is it attached to the wall? I don't see any products to help with that.
Would this be effective in cutting down sound traveling from one room to another and what is a good way of attaching it so that it can be used agian.
Two questions--will the adhesive leave residue on what it's adhering to (I'm using it for windows), and can the foam be cut?
what is the rating on the accoustic wedge soundproofing? how many would i need to cover 3500ft for my restaurant thanks Andrew 1847-729-5444
When flap is open are there magnets that keep it in place? Some cases use an elastic strap to wrap around the cover to keep it in place.
Can you charge the tablet when the case is closed?
Hello, does this case support wake on/off feature the galaxy note 10.1 N8013?
Does the Galaxy Note 10.1 case fit Galaxy Model GT-N8013?
What is the Color Temperature on the K scale?
Does it have tape or 3M backing adhesive?
What is the current draw in Amps, and the power consumption in Watts? Info needed to buy appropriate power supply.
Can I cut in certain lengths? How to calculate the correct amp for each different length?
I pan to cut this in 3 feet strips to install them on shelf's, how can I connect them to light up together and what all accessories do I need?
I plan to cut this in 3 feet strips and install them of different shelf's, how can I connect them together? what all accessories do I need?
Does this strip have adhesive mounting back? If not, what do you do?
What is the k value for this light?
could you make a proof that the claim you make of no radiation is indeed a fact?
does this come with power supply?
Is the Scarlett Studio package small enough to fit in a regular sized wheeled travel bag ?
is this compatible with other platforms like fl studio, logic, ableton etc?
is it compatable with windows 7?
How well does it work with Windows 7?
Does it include two cables? I know it has one for vocals but does it include the guitar cable?
is this interface compatible with adobe audition?
Who sings the background music on the instructional video?
All I really want to do with this is record webinars so the USB output will be the input to my webinar. Can it do that?
does this work with windows 8
can i use Scarlett Studio package in google hangout ? video chat ?
Pinoy/Pinay brother or sister: Can we input our own background images into this new system? Salamat, Glen D.
how many chips can be inserted in this one? thanks!
Is this all tagalog songs? how many english and how many tagalog songs are in here?
does this come with the song book?
Hi is this one has new songs how much is the chip?
HI is this can be connected connected to sony tv? I have one but the microphine is not wireless and off and on but I can'tfind anyone that can fix
is this loud
does a mic sound good with this amp
can you connect a mic to this
how big is this
When the item is used to play podcasts files on the microSD memory card, will the item remember which file was played when the item was turned off?
How long does it take to charge and should the unit be turned off or on during charging?
What is the size of the amplifier and its weight.
Is the headset adjustable? I would like to use this for a high intensity dance fitness class but need to be able to adjust it so it didn't fall off
does it ever have a screeching feedback if im too close to a wall or in a small room?
How do you think this would work as a street-guitar act amplifier? Does it have enough quality or is it mainly just a voice unit?
I know that sometimes the neck holes don't come pre-drilled, but have the bridge mounting/tremelo placement holes been pre-drilled on everyone's kit?
could you email me the instructions and wiring diagram? Thank you in advance!
I cant string the kit. With the vibrato bridge. I tried some videos online but they were useless, i have the spring set under the bar but it hangs in there loose and as i tighten my strings the whammy pulls back and the strings pop out, any help would...
What are the neck pocket dimensions? Might get one if I can fit a Fender neck of some sort on it.
Does the body come as one piece, or is the top separate?
Is there a version for lefties?
Just wondering if the pegholes for the tuners are 10mm or a different size? I'm ordering locking tuners and want to know the right size
what type of truss rod do I use? Just bought the guitar and no truss rod. What to do...
Sorry for my inexperience with guitars but my question is, does a semi hollow guitar like this one makes any sound even when not plugged? thanks
i purchased one of these kits but it did not come with instructions. I have never built aguitar before, can someone please provide me with instructio
instructions?
What is the neck/fretboard length and overall dimensions of the guitar?
Are wiring instructions available for this guitar?
it"s good guitar?
i will be changing the hardware to gold. can you tell me what brand of floyed is included in the kit so i can find the replacement
Is the neck drilled and ready to be bolted on? Do I have to do any drilling?
I have a Parker fly w/ neck issues if I get a kit like the Jem could I put all the hardware IE. fly floating tremolo &amp; pickups + a battary slot?
Do the frets come pre-installed on the neck?
before i order this, can anyone tell eme if the holes are drilled into the body for the floyd rose tremolo or not?
Nobody has said how it sounds or plays when completed? I do not care of the complexity, but how is the finished product?
does it come with strap tings on the end to put on a strap
is the picture that is shown every thing that is included . dose the neck come with the awesome vine inlay and dose it have a floyed rose style bridg?
Does this include hardware, tremelo, tuners, and pickups?
Is there some place I can get assembly instructions?
Where do I get instructions? Seems like a bad thing to have to put together without them...
is the body routed out for the neck, controls, and pickups?
Are the mounting holes for the bridge pre drilled?
is there a truss rod? or not.
Title says Set-In neck, but description says Bolt-On, anybody know which it actually is?
Is this suitable for staining? Saga's have sanding sealer and can only be painted.
Does this come with all the screws, nuts and bolts required to put it together? Bridge?
Does the bridge/tail piece and locking nut pictured come with this kit? Does it come with all necessary electronics to make this playable?
Is this kit compatible with other necks? say I bought an actual Ibanez neck separately, would it fit, or would it require extensive modification?
Please answer this but what is the inlays made out off? the dragon inlay? is it made out of plastic?
Is the light level adjustable on the touch pads, or is it at a constant intensity?
How limiting is Live 9 Intro? Are you given the option to upgrade to the better versions or do you have to buy the next level software at full price?
Is it included the power adopter?
Does it have a sound card in it?
Would this be a good MIDI controller for someone to start off who has no musical experience and will not be doing any live shows?
Does it include software??
Will push work with live 8??
Does the Push come with a Abelton Live Download Disk??
Just brought it. Does it suppose to come with an Abelton download disk??
Does it support Launchpad
One of the reviews wrote, "..you can only use around 3 Plugin sounds per project." What? Each project is limited to three plugins?
Is this the actual Software and Boxing with License &amp; Serial number, or do you email the Serial?
can i use it on macbook pro or iMac ?
Can I COMPOSE 88 key full-staff PIANO music on my pc with this product ALONE -- and then be able to hear it played back cleanly at designated tempo?
I have Ableton Live Lite, it only has the capacity for capturing 4 mono audio inputs (or 2 stereo). How many does intro allow?
Can this be upgrade to 64 bit?
We need to purchase a new computer or laptop to support the software. Any recommendations without completely breaking the bank? Thank you
Can this be down loaded on more than one computer?
I know Live is used for EDM, Dubstep, etc. But is it a decent DAW for general purpose record/mix? Is there something better in the price range?
What powers this looper, 9V battery, 110ac plug in? Is everything included to make it work out of the box?
since it only has one button, can you repeatadly stop and start the loop again without erasing what you just recorded?
I have a multi fx where i can put it ?
When after stop and restart, I can't UNDO the latest loop layer . ( in overdub. when the LED is red.) my DITTO delete all layers. How about yours?
what additional item(s) would I need to hook this up to a cello?
Does this pedal uses 9v batt? If so, What adapter can I use with it? Thanks.
How many layers of sounds can it play at a time? Sorry if it's a dumb question, I've never used looper before.
Does it quantise the loops?
Do you need a pedal board for this? or can you just use the looper and a amp?
When I single tap the button to record, it cancels out the inline feature (nothing comes out to my amp) Defective pedal?
What is the diameter on the shaft? I'd like to look for a 'traditional' flag cube to fit this more slender mic, based on the diameter.
Would this sound good if I used it with the adapter for the gopro hero 4 so it would work on the gopro hero 4? is it good for gopro hero 4
Would I be able to hook this up to my Canon t3i? And is this good in large crowds/at events? Looking to do interviews at a large outdoors event.
Am a news reporter using app: Voice Recorder HD on Iphone5. I need to "plug" a 3.5 mm jack into phone. Will Rode Reporter do that for interviews?
Rode's website says it includes the ZP2 pouch, the RM5 clip, and the DS1 desktop stand. Can anyone confirm whether they actually got these items?
will the rhode interview mic fit with to the canon 70d and if so what extra piece will i need to get it to fit
Why was my question removed asking why it takes Amazon 1 to 2 months to ship this?
Would this mic be compatible with a Canon 7D?
does this come with a bracket and hot-shoe mount to put on my cameras?
I want use this mic with a gopro hero 4 silver using the sennheiser adapter. anyone have any advice for me? any issues with this combo?
Will it fit into the C100's mic mount?
Audio from my Sennheiser 400 was unusable because of the self-noise, a constant buzzing sound. Am I going to have the same problem with this one?
I would like to connect this microphone to my Nikon d7100, what adapter should i use? any you would recommend?
For this mic can I get an XLR to 3.5 cable that will go into a DSLR that inputs stereo? Cable I am using only gives 1 channel input. Same cable with Rode NTG-2 gives me stereo. (So when editing I have the sound right and left channel)
Does it include a cable to connect it to the PC? If not, what kind of cable is needed?
Is it a MIDI device? If so, is the instrucment downloadable? Can the MIDI instrument (ex: violin) directly to a recording track? Is it via USB port?
Will the ur22 work as interface to Mac osx running Dirac room correction/ measurement suite along with Sonic Studio's Amarra symphony.
Does this work with Windows 8
How do I record and make both channel have noise instead of only one channel? Will a mono or stereo 1/4 plug from the microphone into this solve this?
Does this provide phantom power for mics?
photo doesn't show the back - are there 1/4 inputs for guitar, and outputs for amps
Is it necessary to have cuebase on in order for mic/Steinberg to work - went to a recording site - I can't get any sound from new Steinberg or new Perception 220 Condenser mic (this is all new to me)?
Will this interface work with a MacBook Air 13" (mid 2013)? I believe the MacBook is USB 3.0 and this interface is only compatible with USB 2.0?
since this only transmits midi data, does cubase translate that into something editable?
Does this case fit the new model Soundlink 3?
how do you get the benefits of the bass since its covered?
I see a black and a light grey in the pictures. which color would I get?
This is supposed to be a carrying case, but I don't see any pouches or place to carry the ac unit and the car power cable.
Q&amp;A states that in the newer model case the bass in back is not covered. But the one I just purchased does not have this feature. Why?
Does the case have space to include the battery charger in it?
I'd like to connect it to my PC laptop. What type of connection do I need (PC is not bluetooth) ?
what color looks best black or gray?
Can you still use it for soundlink 1
Does the FP02M require a 9V or external power supply?
Is this compatable with the G1
Does this work with Zoom A2 pedal?
work with Electro-Harmonix Worm pedal?
Does it work with zoom ms50g ?
Does it work with Zoom G2 ?
Does it only work with zoom products or would it also work as expression pedal for source audio filters?
Will this work on the b3 zoom effect pedal
I am wondering if these are bass heavy headphones at all? I listen to ALOT of dubstep and am looking more for a bass heavy headphone!!!
how long is the wire?
What is the difference between the black ones and the white ones?
Is there a warranty? The left ear went out after 13 months only being used at my computer
how good are these in a club, does it have noise cancelation
Is this on-ear or over the ear?
Is it noise cancelling?
does this work with an iPad?
Are these headphones comfortable/not painful for someone who wears glasses but has a relatively small head?
I want to use these for mainly for practice. I'm a bass player, so I need very clear bass (especially when transcribing), but I don't necessarily need the thump that comes along with it. How are these with the low end?
What are the dimensions of the TASCAM TH02 when folded up?
Can the headband be adjusted to fit different sized heads?
Does it truely deliver 'Rich bass and crisp highs'?
how long is the cord of the headphones?
Is this headphone comfortable enough to be worn for many hours (5+) at a time?
Does this work sitting on the floor or a table or do it need a stand/ to be mounted to the ceiling?
How many of these would I need to purchase to fill a gym...I'm planning on using it for a Zumba party
How close does it need to be to a wall to be effective.
i am planning to take this light to India, but the operating voltage in India is 220V. Can you please let me know the allowed voltage specifications?
color? patterns? had one but it was red and green. used it for graduation party, felt like it was christmas though :/
does the lights rotate or has modes of effects?
this device is rotated or static?
I received my order today, but when I plug it, nothing happens. Absolute dead piece. Do I need a converter so that works. Please advise.
does this move or rotate
this come with the clamp or a holder legs ??
how do I mix guitar and micro into this Amplifier? I see only one input jack.
I have an acoustic mandolin with a K &amp; K acoustic pickup factory installed. It would be just for practice in a small room. Will the mandolin drive the amplifier sufficiently?
Does this amp support 220V AC?
Besides the mic capability, what is the deference between the accustic amp and a standard gutar amp?
If I were to use just the XLR input on this, would it be loud enough to cut a band rehersal/ small show? Is it loud enough?
How does the Hobbit ocarina compare to the "Forest Whisperer" wooden ocarina also on Amazon? Curious if anyone has tried both.
how big is it?
Is this Ocarina made out of clay or plastic?
Is this a Soprano, Alto, Tenor, or Bass ocarina?
Does it come with a music book
Can this ocarina reach the E and F notes? My other ocarina from STL cannot despite much practice and I'm hesitant to by another from them.
Does it come with a gig bag
Can you tune it like a regular guitar?
what strings do I replace these with?
Does it have a truss rod?
What are the length and width measurements of the gig bag of this instrument?
If you're playing a guitalele with someone playing a uke, tuned with g as top string, where would you capo the ukulele or would that work. cbud
Would this be a good option as a beginner guitar for a 6-yr old (small hands)?
Can this be converted to a lefty? Also, does it uses ball end nylon strings?
Does this allow you to have separate volume for each microphone?
Do they mic go very loud &amp; what kind of battries they use ?
Is the base unit powered by batteries, or an AC adapter?
What items will I need to purchase to ensure the mics work? Also, any recommendations for amplifiers or speakers? Thanks!
can i hook it up to a computer?
i would like to know, can i use 220 Volts in ASIA
Does it have only 1 input jack in the back or is it 2 channels?
What type of batteries, aa or 9volts
will it have a samll plug an not a fat plug to fit in a stereo sytem
can i connect this to a big speaker?
Can this item be used by itself or does it need to be plugged into an ampllifier in order to work?
I bought one, can't make it work.. What other equipment is needed? I need one person to speak to one other person with earbuds a short distance away
What power supply does the receiver need/use ? Is it 110 V or 110/220 ?
can this be used on a sound system
can I plug this into a camcorder ?
does this work with a guitar ?
How can you here it
Is this compatible with an iPad or iPad mini?
Is there a way to use a different microphone with this? I don't know if it is the microphone or transmitter that makes it sound bad.
Can i use it for a Sony HDR-CX380 ?
do i just plug the unit into a regular wall socket and ready to go with batteries. where does the jack go?
can i use that with mini amplifier
what will i need to hook my guitar to this
I am doing small seminars/meetings.. If I purchase this do I also need to purchase an amp? Can I plug it into a PC and use the PC speakers?
Can I use this with a PA system?
Is any other equipment required to make this work--or is the receiver that's included the same as having an amplifier?
Could this be attached to a Smart TV for home karaoke use?
Does this unit come with a 12V DC power cord (wall wart)? I'd like to see to understand it 12V DC can be used instead of 110V AC.
Can this be used with a GoPro Hero 4?
How do I set this up to a speaker?
Hey there! I'm using iXY and Rode Rec (payed) but still can't monitor the sound by headphone. It has to be activated? Help! Tks
Will this mic rotate so it can be used to provide HD sound over a video recording?
can i connect this to an android phone via 30 pin to micro usb adapter
Can this mic be used with other devices that have a 1/4" mic Input? Is it "Forward Compatible"?
Does the included App allow for voice-regocnition / convert to text? If not - what is the best App for this?
Please! How many memory I need to record 4 hours lecture? Iphone 4 with 8GB is enough?
Does the app allow for multi-tracking?
What's the frequency response for this mic? The description mentions 24-bit/96kHz recording, implying a frequency response of around 48kHz.
Does this microphone work with I pad air, and I phone five S
Since you can't charge the iphone while the mic is attached, how long can you expect to record on a full iphone charge?
can i connect this mixer to my laptop?
Hi there, Could you run a pc through the usb port as a line in? for like doing a mix or whatever.
Hi, Does it have phanton power?
is the aux send prefader?
What kind of headphones do you need to plug into the mixer?
Is this a 4 Channel Mixer or 2? I only see 1 line on on the board.
Is the power suppy dual voltage? Will it work on 220V
The mixer is 110 Volt?
How long is the bar between pedals?
Can this be used for an acoustic kit or just electronic?
does this ship to australia
Does this set come with a case?
Can you covert right footed pedal set to left?
Is it possible to adjust the beater angle on both the master and the slave pedal? I had a look in store could find out how to adjust it on the slave.
include adapter and cables for connecting?
How noisy is this product?
Will this work with the Visual Sound H2O?
I hear that only isloated outputs keep the board quiet. Does this have isolated outputs?
hi friends.. this power supply works with 230 volts?
What are the actual physical dimensions of the enclosure?
adapter and cables are included for connecting?
will this powerbrick run overseas? I mean, 220volts? or its 110v only?
does a coronado or a starcaster fits in here?
Will this fit the Fender Modern Player Jaguar Electric Bass Guitar?
How to I unlock and open the ouside latches? I didn't see a key?
Does the case comes in a box?
Will this fit a Squier Vintage Modified Jaguar Bass?
will this case accomodate a precision 5 string?
does it have Fender name on the case
does this amplifier work with a lap steel quitar
How loud is it? Is it loud enough for gig/rehearsal and home? Is the high gain emulation of 6505 close to real one?
how many effects can be run simultainiously without the sanpera pedal
how many effects can be run simultainiously without the sanpera pedal
Can a synthesizer be run through this amp?
is this amp good for metal/punkrock
Will this amp work on both 110V and 220V ?
tell me the size and weight?
So if ? used for large spaces. as a live concert ? I need to be sure to buy it now
can be used for live gigs?
How do you use it with a microphone?
what are the demensions
to be clear: can a bass guitar plug directly into this amp and sound just like a bass amp? Would a cheap bass amp outperform this? any limitations?
What is the weight of the 20 wtt and the 40 watt?
does this amp have more than one input or no?
Can I loop without Sampera pedal?
is this a decent amp for someone just starting out? don't plan on using it with anything other than acoustic electric guitar. thank you
What is the power input for this amp 110V or Dual voltage (110V-220v)
I want to practice without disturbing my family. Can this amp keep a low volume without losing richness?
What is the CD in the box? It came broken. Is it just the owners manual or is it the edit software also?
Does it allow you to plug in headphones so only you can hear your playing?
Is this amp suitable for use with a keyboard and how many inputs does it have? W.P.
can you plug in more than one guitar at a time? In other words more than one input?
can you use an electric acoustic guitar with this and get good sound?
Does this amp ship with a power cable and/or USB Cable, or are these a seperate purchase?
Will it simulate a 12-string with an acoustic plugged in? Does that effect sound realistic?
Does it have an external speaker jack?
Is this amp good for an acoustic upright bass with a pickup? Should I use acoustic or bass mode?
weight and size of the amp?
Aside from the Peavey models, what other name brand guitar amp models does the viper 2 have. for example Bogner, engl....ect
Does this come with a case?
How is it tuned?
What are some good high quality strings for 4-sting electric mandolins?
How long is the mandolin? how large the body? thank you
what is the distance from bridge to nut?
can it be tune gCEA like a ukulele or will it warp it. Can steel string be used on it.
I notice that it has only 4 strings Can it be tune gCEA like a ukulele?
How many strings does his one have?
Why is a 4 string better than an 8 string model?
Where is it made?
What is the difference between the Korg KP3 and Korg KP3+? This is a gift, and I don't have a clue. Thanks!
How well does this device interface with the PC? Can you use standard .wav ACID files on the device?
So with this can you take an SD card with wavs, load them into the machine and then assign those wavs from the card to the ABCD buttons to trigger?
What is best way to connect guitar? Direct to microphone jack? OK to connect it via effects pedal first? What about keyboards etc? Thanks!
What is the voltage?
What is the screen size diagonally, eyesight sucks?
Does the KP3+ loop as seamlessly as the Kaossilator Pro+?
also what are those little yellow cords and do they come with the product
Does this have a mono jack to plug into a modern amp? I have just a 120 watt crate amp
Can anyone tell me the advantages or disadvantages of the Korg MS-20 Mini over the MicroKorg? I hate sorting through menus!
Ok, can I just plug in my 88 key midi controller and pretend that little toy keyboard doesn't exist?
Can this synthesizer work with Major DAWS such as Propellerhead's Reason 7 or Avid Pro Tools 11? If so, can it be used to control these DAWS VSTs?
do you ship to brazil??
Are there any power connector issues? US consumer electronics use nominal 110V, 60Hz
Is there an arpeggiator module? It looks like there's not, but I'm hoping...
Can any of the knobs or keys be used as a usb midi controller for ableton live software? If so, which ones?
Can I run this through a tr-606 and essentially use a tr-606 as a sequencer? if so, how? do I connect it via output or via MIDI.
Can the Joyo Power Supply connect to MXR and Fulltone pedals too?
Does anyone know how to mount this underneath a pedal train PT Pro board? I just got another one of this power supply, and I don't have space for it.
I have a Digi Tech slammi,does this work with Ac powered pedals?
does anyone know how long the power cable that connects to the pedal is?
can I mount this under a pedaltrain?
Is this Mountable on a pedaltrain?
does this support a reverse polarity pedal. I have a fulltone of-2 pedal,
After reading some reviews I have to ask. Is this really isolated?
which is the input voltage range? works in 220v?
Include cables to connect the pedals? works with line 6 DL4? wich is the input voltage range?
is it possible to listen to a downloaded .mp3 instrumental (NOT instrument) on my PC and hear that while i record over it using this mic?
Wll this mic work in Windows 8?
Side address condensor? does it record voice from different directions and angles? u know!
Is there any advantage to using a pre-amp with this, or will DAW software features give the same effect?
does it come with a stand?
How is the AT2020PLUS different from the regular AT2020?
What shockmounts work with this? Pop filters?
Does this microphone have a gain control?
Is there a sound quality between the at2020 plus and regular at2020? I cant decided between the two?
Can I hear audio from the headphone jack? Example can I play a game and hear game audio through headphone jack?
Does this korg have an actual attached speaker, or do they mean the internal/built in ones on the piano ? Also how many pounds does this unit weigh ? M
We live in the US and will move to Germany in a year. How much voltage does the power adapter take? Does it say, it can take 220V as well?
I got this piano but the sound does not come out on the speakers. Only through the headphone jacks! How can I get it to work?
Does the Korg 280 do sound layering?
I play standing up, what stand would you recommend for this application?
Does this model include a sheet music stand?
I need help. Which piano is better: Korg SP280BK 88-Key (this one on the page) or the Casio PX350 BK 88-Key? Thanks in advanced.
Can this unit transpose? Most other electric keyboards can, and I just want to be sure this one does too.
This item comes with the Stand and the Pedal?
What is the polyphony?
Can these speakers be connected to an Airport Express station? The Airport Express has a dual RCA type connector I believe.
how do you hook these up?
is this sold as pair.
Auralex MoPAD Monitor Isolation Pads
Does it come with 2 speakers or just 1?
Is this price per speaker or the pair?
I'm planning on buying the Shure SM7B microphone and would like to know if this will work as an adapter for that? Sorry kind of new to this stuff.
can i plug an xlr mic on one end and then go directly to my mac?
will this work with my Avantone CV-12 mic?
can i output directly from an audio mixer to this device then to computers usb?
Will this work in Windows 8.1?
how long is it?
Does it work with stereo XLR microphones? Will it record in stereo?
Does this cable work with a Behringer ultravoice xm1800s microphone?
I want to connect a microphone to my Harman Kardon speaker, which has a small usb port in the back. Would this cable work?
So I just got this cord and wonder how i can get it to work with my mac laptop?
how many inches is the gutair
how fast does it go
Is this guitar made in China or USA, if made in USA is it marked as such
Which country is this Fender made in?
Do I need an amp for this guitar?
Does it come with any accessories, such as a guitar case?
Is this a solid top? is it spruce? what kind of strings? are they steel?
Is this really the new model? The series 968079?
If I am left-handed is this guitar possible to play if I switched the strings?
what software do I use if I want to use my pc?
does this need batterys
Can you use a 30 pin to 8 pin converter on this so that my son can use his iphone 5 on it?
can this work with a android device or andriod tablet
Will this work with a iPad Mini 3 and iPhone 5s?
Does it work with Iphone 6??
Can I play music from my ipad using this apps like soundcloud, Pandora and Spodify? Or do i have to have a DJ app?
Is this compatible with chromebook???
I use iDJ with AppleTV/airplay from macbook, is there a way to use (1) wired headphones and (2) wireless to PA system? can't run cable to stereo.
Can you use a 30 pin to 8 pin converter on this so that my son can use his iphone 5 on it?
Does this case have a sliding laptop stand or not. The reviews say it does but the picture doesn't show a sliding stand. I don't want the slidingstand
Does it have a shelf to place your laptop on? Some reviews suggest so, but the picture or description gives no clue. Thanks for letting me know.
i have a gemini gv2 which is 18inches long 12 1/2 wide i would like to know would this paticular case will work for my controller
Should I buy this one, or should I buy one with a shelf? (I am a mobile DJ) Dose this one have a self, or can one be put on?
What color is the wire?
Are these lights too bright to use indoors? I bought a string of LED lights over the holidays and they were much too bright to use inside..
Is this 6m of lights not including the plug wire to the controller and controller to the LED light?
Will the plug fit into a standard US outlet? I've read reviews of other versions of this product that say it has an international plug.
just want to make sure, this is 6M wide, right?
What are teh dimensions of the item? What is the length of the drops and width of the entire curtain in feet please...
Anyone know if this works on 220V for use traveling to Europe. Thanks.
Can the 1/4" inputs be used for Mics or just line inputs ?
Is this a good option for someone trying to get a set up for say a one or two person acoustic group? I play around town at bars
does it have the capacity to install cordless mics
Can the mixer be removed from the clamshell case?
Can anyone tell me the RMS Wattage of this unit?
Does this system come with a stand for the mixer? What other accessories come with this system (cables, microphones, etc)?
Trying to decide between this or some powered speakers and a mixer. i DJ small events private parties-Legions-VFWs and the like-any suggestions?
does this have a sub out? How much punch does it have?
complaints?
Does your full sized violin fit well into the case and does it come with shoulder straps?
what color is the out side of the case and it a canvass matterial
With the case empty and on a flat surface, please push down with one hand on the front, then flip it and try the back. How much does it flex/give?
Does the exterior music pocket expand slightly to fit etude and accompaniment books (my daughter's scale book is about 5/8" thick)?
We just returned a 4/4 "full size" case because a 4/4 Schweitzer violin did not fit it. What are the interior measurements of this one?
Is this case made of molded foam?
I just received this case. The snap on key lock appears to be locked or jammed, and I can't get it open. Is there some trick to this?
will these fit a Taylor model 110?
will these fit my gs mini?
What is the taper on these pins, and are they slotted to, or through, the skirt?
Are these pins slotted?
can the tempo be changed on a recorded track
can this record from audio mixer?
when you export multi track recordings, do the files keep their individual tracks?
I want to play a recorded backing track while singing live. Can I do this through the recorder or do I need to add a mixer downstream from it?
Can you record a drum machine track on here and add vocals and guitar later?
i really want this unit, the reviews sound great, but i have a question: do you absolutely HAVE to download your music via some music software to your computer for some reason? or can you directly download to a CD recorder if you wish to?
Can you transfer the files to a computer using the SD card? And how do you get the song recorded on the SD card to transfer it?
can you bounce tracks? and if so, is there any signal degeneration? how difficult is it to bounce if it is possible?
if I record a rythym guitar and vocal track, can I play it back and add another guitar track while listening to the 1st?
Can you record at the same time as playback (of another track)?
Does the mixer have auxiliary sends for stage monitors?
Can I connect a sub-woofer to this setup?
Can you connect rca inputs for audio to be used for karaoke?
Can I attach the audio output from a DVD player to this? I use the DVD player (has HDMI output) with a projector for backyard movies
Is the system small enough to place in the trunk of a car? And what's the weight approx?
Will this system work on 220v outside the U.S.?
i am about to start my dance team and i would like to know if this something good for my girls to dance to help me
Can I add more speakers than the two that it comes with?
Can you use cabled mics as well? Can I run my Teac stereo amp through this during breaks?
do the mics work very good? and how far away from the base will they travel?
does it work in the car? (have 30 pin connector hooked in the car)
I eed a unit that plays from my mp3 player and home receiver stereo. will this hook up my mp3 player to my speakers? thanks, rachel
Will it work with my Audi AMI on my Audi TT when used with the Audi iPOD cable?
does it works with the Mini Zeppelin by B&amp;W
Does this work with older 30 pin docks that charge via Firewire pin (not USB 5v)?
Did anyone have success with AVRCP? I want to plug it into my bike's 30 pin connector and control it from the bike's control and see the display.
What would you estimate the reception range is?
If connected in a car (e.g. BMW) will this use the steering wheel to change the songs or display the track information on the nav ala the WMA1000?
Does this work with Apple iPod Hi-Fi?
Will the device automatically re-pair with my iPhone or do you have to go into Settings \ Bluetooth every time you want to reconnect?
Has anyone tried taking this bad boy to the beach and if so, how did it do?
I would like to use this device to connect with an Epson MovieMate (the built-in speaker is low outside) . Does it have the capability to do that?
Can it be connected to a laptop?
What is the voltage and the line frequency of this baby giant?
I am looking for something to play ipod and iphone music at softball games. Would this player be what I need for the girl's "walk on songs".
Can we remove the handle bars!?
How much does it weigh?
Wondering about this vs Klipsh KMC1; although different form factor this has 4x battery+radio -could be better choice for camping? sound quality?
Will the Job Rocker output both bluetooth and aux-in audio at the same time?
Does this boom box have wheels and a handle so I can walk and wheel it, instead of carrying it. The ION Block Rocker, black, has wheels and a bar lik
Does this work for non-yamaha receivers? I have a Harman Kardon AVR-500
Will the Yamaha YBA-11 Bluetooth wireless audio receiver work with my RX v1065 Yamaha receiver?
work with bluetooth headphones ?
Does it work with the Yamaha RX A1010
can i connected to a Harman/kardon hk 3370 rc
I bought the Yamaha RXA1040. I cant get Spotify to conect via WiFi. Do I need this device to connect?
Will this work with Australian models(RXV-577)? The DC USB power outlet is 5 volt, 0.5 amp on my receiver. Cheers
Are both the digital coax cable and the USB power supply cable included with the purchase of the YBA-11?
Does YBA-11 work with my Yamaha R-S700 receiver?
how do I connect this to my new yamaha R-S500
Can I use these in any lamp or do I need a special lamp? I want them to accentuate a stage curtain..I need them soom..
Can the bulb be delivered before Xmas?
Which picture shows accurate color of lights? And how long for shipping to US?
Sir may I know if this is 220 volts ?
Is there a setting on this to only show red and green lights?
how long does it last?
what color paint is the first picture on left?it gives an underwater floating effect
6 photos above um....are those just different painted walls? like i notice there is deep red,purple,blue walls is that what makes it different color ?
Does this work in a recessed light?
Is the bulb supposed to rotate by itself?
Is it compatible with Windows 8.1?
Does it work with FL Studio 10? How is the sensitivity for the keys/pads
does it have different sounds on it or just a piano? if so, how many different sounds?
can i use it with 220v?
Can you use this keyboard without a computer?
Should my new novation (sept. 2014) launch key 25 controller be able to record/sound two or more notes played simultaneously?
which version of live does this come with: live lite 8 or live 9?
Bought this item and can't get the keyboard to operate in Ableton Live. Silence when touching the keys. Am I missing something?
Does it comes with 1 power cable, 1 USB cable and any type of case?
Does it work with Logic Pro X?
2 Questions. 1) Is it USB MIDI Class Compliant? Will it Work with Linux? 2) Is it USB powered or do you have to plug in a brick?
I read in the site that the launchkey has an arpeggiator but i cant find any information how it works
does it come with the midi cable
Do I need anything else to make it work. This will be a gift. I'd like to give the whole set that works.
what chords other than a/c power is included?
Will the unit "automap" the controls with Ableton Live pro 10 without additional sofware?
Does this work with pro tools 10?
is there a power cord?
How well does it interface with Garageband?
can i connect it to an audio interface,
Is it able to control virtual instruments (VST, RTAS, etc) with this keyboard?
How is the velocity action? Are the curves good? My current controller has really bad velocity curves. It's not quiet or abrupt, is it?
Can the 61-key version be bus-powered by an iPad 4? I understand the Lightning connector outputs less power than the older 30-pin.
I'm looking to give the Novation as a gift. What is the difference between the 49 and the 61 key boards? Should I spend the extra money for the 61?
Would this work with Sibelius?
Is there a way to change the pad key colors?
Will this work with Pro Tools?
Can I use any of the Roland sustain pedals?
Does this have to be connected to Midi to make sound or does it work as a stand alone keyboard if not connected to anything else?
Does this item include a USB cable that connects to a Mac computer?
What type of amp is included? One kit I looked at said BC-08 on the front upper right corner but I can't read this one.
does come with a amp
since the phe-300 have only TRS inputs and ouputs can I connect my guitar with a ts instrument cable directly into the input 1 TRS ??
Will this hum eliminator work for my turntable to stereo receiver?
Hey yall, does this work for guitars? How do you use it, direct in from guitar to amp or some other method..?
Does it come with ipad 30 pin cable?
Can it run on battery power?
Hello. i just wanted to know if there is any possibility to connect 2 pairs of studio monitors to this?
Does it include any software for recording, like a lite version of Ableton, ProTools or any similar?
Is the only way to monitor voice while recording through the Mixer? I get bad hiss when I do this. What am I doing wrong?
Hello, I'm thinking on buying the apogee. Can someone tell me if it works fine with macbook pro retina early 2014? Thanks!
Is this compatible with Adobe Audition?
Does it comes with the lightning cable for Iphone5 and Ipad4 (retina display)?
Can u tell me what software de apogee duet use? Thanks
If I have these installed close to each other (36 in apart) can I program each light a different color or will they all pick up the same RC command?
Does the memory function work even when source power is turned off entirely (if I turn off at the main switch)?
Will they work on 12v AC ?
Will they work outdoors in a porch light?
How much cooler in temperature is this bulb compared to a 12w halogen?
Is the bulb 1 watt per color (1 watt red, 1 watt green, 1 watt blue) thus making it only a full 3 watt when using white? Or am I wrong?
Can you control multiple lightbulbs with the same remote?
Does anyone have the dimensions... specifically the overall length and body length?
Still need to know if its laminate?
Is a case included?
Haven't yet found any info on what is used in the back and sides; laminate? What wood and is it solid? I suppose nut and saddle bone(?) are plastic?
Can someone tell me the width of the body at its widest part?
What is the width at the nut?
In what country is this made?
Does it have an adjustable trussrod?
Hi, I'd like to know the nut width of the Recording King RPH-05 parlor guitar if you have it, thanks, Jeff
does the software it comes with possibly download to a HP computer??
Can you create beats with the trigger pads? Also Can you record your performances with this controller??
Would this work with my iPad mini
Does this work with virtual dj
is the price gona go back down? lol
is this compatible with these speakers Package: (2) Rockville RPG15 2,000 Watt 2-Way DJ/PA Powered Speakers With a 15" Woofer and a 3" Voice Coil + Ro
I have another mixer, so can i use my mixer with this controller? and if yes how should i hook it up? Thx
Was the sound card fixed? I always had a problem with the cue volume. I would not be able to hear it, and I have DJ headphones. Louder in the Rane and even my cheap Numark M2.
do you have to connect to speakers for audio?
Isn't the Numark Quad Four better than this one? It's also cheaper.
Dose it serve the purpose ?
What type of microphone works well with this unit, and what kind of input (size) does it have? 3.5 mm or 1/4 "?
does this need external speakers or are they built in? also what would be a good micraphone to use for i need one further away from the unit.
Does it have an effects send?
I like to record from my portable PA (JBL EON210P) w/ RCA &amp; 1/4" output. Is this a good recorder or is there other better options?
does this product record voices and then burn them to cd?
Hi: Does this unit have built in mikes? If so, are they good for music pick up, especially low end, like bass?
Does this device have ANY onboard special effects such as reverb, chorus, delays?
wherat extras do in i need power supply. power cord. line to comput
So does the USB connection allow for dumping the recorded stuff in the computer or do you have to use the SD card? Will it input to a MacBook Pro?
Has anyone got the MIC to work when connected to audio in via 3.5mm cable (at the bottom of the stand)? I tried to connect to PC but get no sound.
does it work even without an apple device? &amp; even without music?
can i sing my own songs from my ipad playlist?
can you use this with Garage Band to do your own songs
Does it work with ipad mini?
does it works for mini Ipad?
CAN I CONNECT MY LAP TOP TO THIS UNIT
Can one connect this Karaoke system to TV
Has anyone got the mic to work with PC? I tried via bluetooth, showed up as "Bluetooth Audio Renderer" in windows 8.1 but doesn't work.
Does the Gretsch G9500 have an adjustable truss rod?
Where is this manufactured?
This wouldn't happen to come with a case, would it? If not, where could I find one that fits this one?
Does this guitar have a bolt for a strap?
Does the Jim Dandy have a pinless bridge?
is the fretboard flat or does it have a curve to it
is the sound hole the same dimensions as a dreadnaught body shape? and will my acoustic sound hole pick-up fit?
Does this come with strings?
Has anyone ever removed the pickguard to this guitar? Does the finish seem strong enough to withstand a hair dryer to soften the glue?
What gauge strings does it come with?
Will these lights operate on 9VDC? Will doing so damage them?
Are these available in purple?
am looking for blue AND RED COLORS\
Is it 12v Per Module (one 3LED plastic piece) or 12v for the entire 20 piece thing?? i.e. can I connect each of the pieces separately to 12v source??
What power supply I need for 4 module of this LEDs 7512 5050 SMD?
what power supply and how many would i need to power 20 of these strips?
How many watts does each module use. I'm straining these for my restaurant sign and need a transformer to power them.
Are these waterproofed?
can i use this to power 2 strands of 20 modules each. JACKYLED New DC 12V 2A 2.0A Switching Power Supply Adapter For 110V- 240V AC 50/60Hz
What's the total length on the string?
Where does it get the advertised 48v phantom power? Can't get that from only USB and I don't see power plug/supply in picture.
Does the USB connection cable go with the product?
How does one select 16bit depth ?
Why must one have to plug in USB cable after PC is powered on in order for everything to work together?
The biggest problem (322) I had was the fact I had to plug in the USB cable after the computer was powered up to get it to respond to my application
Will the USB and RCA line-out output audio at the same time? I need to hook up the USB to one PC and RCA line out to another PC's mic input.
Does it have OS X Yosemite 10.10.x support?
Does this have XLR outputs?
Does it come with recording software?
Can i plug midi device into it?
Can the lights be powered off a portable power suppy (batteries).
Assuming the power supply handles the load, Can I put 5 - 5Meter strips in Series? Does anyone know the specifications for adding strips in series?
Do the light have adhesive backs for attaching?
how do you power theses?
Would these led lights be good for growing lettuce and spinach?
Im hoping to bypass the Fishman software and use it with NI Komplete 10 Ultimate does anyone have any experience with that? Thanks!
Would the Tripleplay be reasonable for use in live performance situations? Can you change sounds quickly enough to make it work?
Does Triple play use a propitiatory driver, or is it USB Class compliant for Windows?
How long is the cord from the pickup to the controller? Is it long enough to stretch from the bridge to the upper horn (starcaster with a bigsby trem)
So I can pretty much control Massive or any other VST / DAW in Ableton with this device? If so, I. Am. Sold.
From pick to sound, how much latency is there with this?
- Guitar Rig -- AmpliTube Custom Shop, are these demos or full licensed versions?
I have this guitar - will it fit?
I have this guitar -- you think it will fit?
Will this work out of the box, or do I need other hardware to record to a Daw?
This baby is good for other instruments too, right? I need a couple of such cables for a synthesizer, to connect it to an audio interface/amp on stage
does this GLS come with the lifetime warranty?
is this 1/4 inch cable standard size for all elect acoustic guitars
hi are these cables balanced? what would you say is best for reducing noise when connecting krk rokit8 to a midi interface to use for my comp speakers
can it fit the ear canal?
Love the Rode quality, but has anyone found a cheap alternative with good audio quality?
Can this mic be used with macbook or mac mini mic inputs? I know Apple headsets for iPhone can be used with their computers too.
Is this mic compatible with a Windows 7 PC?
It appears that this mic and app require syncing audio track to separate video track in post editing, yes?
Will it work on iPad air?
Has anyone synced the sound up with a video edit program like Final Cut?
My microphone did not come with a foam piece. Does the foam piece on the mic even make a difference in the recording/sound quality? Thanks!
What I am trying to is plug this mic to my iPhone 5s and record some video would it recor the audio while recording video so it comes all together?
will this work with 2011 17" macbook pro mic inputs?
i heard that the only down this pedal has is that its a single chain pedal,why is that a bad thing?
These pedals come as double bass pedals right? Not just one?
can this be converted to a dual chain drive pedals
I was wondering about the slave pedal. It has one up right instead of two that I've seen on other pedals. would this bend or break.
i don't see toe stops in the pic. Does it come with them?
this double pedal have a bag ??
How close together can the pedals get? Thanks
does this include a free pedal case?
How far apart can you spread the two pedals?
How long is the board?
Is this a good piano keyboard to learn while traveling? I travel a lot for work, but am never around my piano at home to learn. It would be great if
Will this play sound without a PC?
Will this work w/ MuseScore?
Does this come with a lighting cable for my ipad mini?
Will this work with Garageband on an iPad?
Dose this come with a lightning cable?
PC compatible?
Is this compatible with windows Vista 32 bit? and what software (Cakewalk, Audacity etc.) is it compatible with?
Does this come with the Lightning cable?
Does this come with a USB cable?
Can the plug be cut off and it then be hardwired in?
what is the input voltage for the mains adapter as we use 240v in the uk?
Are these the waterproof strips? It says they are in one part of the description but not in the main description.
I bought both: SUPERNIGHT (TM)Cool White LED Strip Light Plug-To-Use Kit, 5M or 16.4Ft, SMD3528, 300 LEDs, With 12 Volt Transformer And Dimmer SUPERNIGHT (TM) Cool White LED Strip Light Ribbon Plug-To-Use Kit, 5M or 16.4ft, SMD 5050, Waterproof 300...
Does the dimmer have an "off" position?
Can the dimmer be placed in a convienient place?anywhere inline,or next to the plugin?
I want to mount some of these 2 feet from the sink when I wash the dishes. Reviewers say that they are bright. Will they be bright for this application?
Well, this strip comes with everything needed ready to install or I need to buy additional adapter/transformer kind of items?
Which is brighter this one (SMD3528) or the other product that has SMD 5050, 300 LEDs cool white, 5M ??
How many watts does this use?
Does this come with the adaptors to the fit the iPad Air, or are they STILL a separate purchase. one user (coef&amp;m) received them...have others?
Will it work for ipad mini?
Does this come with the stand, or just the mounting system
Does this now fit the Ipad Air?
Would it work on a standard music stand vs. mic stand?
Are there different sizes for different generations of the standard ipad size?
Can you mount this to the boom pole and still tilt enough for viewing? Seems like there's not a lot of room to tilt.
Can you mount this to a speaker stand instead of a mic stand?
Does it fit "The New" iPad?
will it fit with an otterbox on it??
Can I play this piano and hear the music in my headphones only, thus being able to practice late at night without disturbing the neighbours?
Is there a headphone jack?
will it work on 220v?
Are the keys weighted? and can I use other stereo besides the ones that comes with it? and is it key touch?
What is the warranty?
can you connect this to a computer to record a track on garageband, etc?
does the 20w amplifier produce a noticeably better sound compared with the px750 with an 8w amplifier?
Can the keyboard be separated from the stand? Is there a sustain pedal jack or do you have to use the three pedals on the stand?
Would I be able to connect this into a sound system via an audio cable?
Does this have a hook to hang your headphones on?
What is actually included in this "bundle"? Thanks.
does it come with the microphone stand?
Does all items come in ONE package/box?
Does this work with Windows 8?
Do the headphones plug into the mic?
Is this tuner suitable for tuning Pianos? I didn't see any mention of the range it covers.
Does this tuner solve the problem of overtones and ambient noise? Trying to tune a 5-string banjo, and clip-ons waver between flat and sharp, never really settling.
Does it come with a mounting clamp? I know they make a clamp for this.
the description says with optional metronome. does it come with the metronome or do you have to buy it?
I understand you can use it to tell if you are singing flat? Is that correct?
Can this tuner be used with the TP3 to tune the full range of a piano
does it display the register of the note ? for example it didiplays G4 , B5 ,A6 not only G, B, A
If I plug these into a switch controlled wall outlet and had them set to a color - Will they stay that color when I flip off and on, or "reset"?
Can I attach multiple strips together (end-to-end?)
what many total watts for a 5m roll? how many rolls can a transformer handle?
What method can be used to remove waterproof material so LED-wire connector makes contact to copper terminals?
What's up with the power supply? If picture is correct then it's 5 amps at 12V = 60 watt power supply but LED specs says it's 72 watts. This correct?
i have purchased this item . my question is.. can i control each led in the strip? i want to try to do a led display?
What color temperature is the white light? Soft white 2700K? Bright White 4100K+? Thank you!
Is there a delay in the color change when you press the button on the remote? I'm trying to use it to trigger them to go on and off with music.
I have two sets in &amp; are close but cannot connect together and with seperate remotes. How do I sync the flashing and fading between the two of them?
When it's talking about RGB. Is it just red, green, blue? Or is it those colors and between? Just trying to make sure before I buy and can you dim?
The description under product features states 6R, are they 6R or 3R and 3L?
will the tuners fit epiphone specials&amp; jrs because the stock ones are not so good any info will be helpful thanks
Would these fit a guitar that has a strip on each side on the back - each having 3 pegs? Since these are individual pegs, would they adapt to an old
I have an ovation with Mini Schallers; these appear to be the same. Any specs or advice on fitting or using these?
Hello friend. How big is the head of this product? I need the medium size, the head is 19 mm. Thanks.
What brand are these?
What does the minimum thickness of the peghead have to be?
Will these fit a Fender Starcaster Acoustic?
how long are the pegs from base of the gear to the end where it connects to the string
Will this fit a epiphone les paul 100? Also do they come with screws?
Received this today, and the display is in black &amp; white - is that correct? Not sure whether to return or not.
Can I use model ET25K to sing a song in a language different from English in a Karaoke style? I will record a song on SDchip and insert it in mic slot
I want the hindi version of this machine which is available on www.amazon.in (http://www.amazon.in/Karaoke-Magic-S... . how can i get that?
Can I buy an additional microphone for my ET25K? Ihave searching for a compatible one but I cant seem to find one.
can it connect to the TV using HDMI?
is this have filipino tagalog song?
can I connect a 2nd microphone to it
does it have spanish songs?
Is there a way to input my own songs into this microphone?
will I be able to get a classic country song chip ?
Is the ChromaCast logo on both sides of the picks?
are they good for beginre
can these picks be for ukulele too?
can you please tell me what length they are i am looking for small picks thanks
what sizes/gauges of picks are in this package? (since I can't answer my own question on amazon, I'll add it here) Dura Picks: Extra Thin .50mm, Thin .60m), Thin/Medium .73mm, Medium .88mm, Medium/Heavy 1mm &amp; Heavy 1.14mm. Celluloid were advertized as...
I'm reading the reviews and more than one person hasn't had much of an assortment when it came to their celluloid picks. I just wanted to know why?
I'm hearing sound in only the left ear piece. Shouldn't the transmitter send both channels and the receiver receive both channels?
also, can you include another microphone so i can interview people? or is 1 microphone enough ? thanks
Can you connect more than one transmitter to the receiver?
What are the concerns between A and B bands? Is one better?
Will the receiver hook right in with my camera?
hi, can i use this with iphone? how will it attach to the iphone exactly?
Can this unit be used with a GoPro Hero 4?
do you have the clips with it?
How can you connect this to a video camera? Is there any other equipment i need to not have to hold it?
Is this a wireless lav mic setup that will work with a DSLR camera/h4N Zoom?
Is the tip onthe tuning wrench a star configuration and if so is it a #1, #2, or a #3? Thanks for your time.
I have been looking for a piano tuning kit for quite some time now, and ive wondered, whats the hammer for?
What is the frequency of the Tuning fork ? is it A4 @ 440 hz
Does hammer compare with HALE brand that Schaff sells?
Hi, could you tell me please if the head of the tuning wrench is fixe?
Is the handle on the tuning hammer wood or plastic?
Is the handle on the tuning hammer wood or plastic?
What is the metal on the wrench (hard or soft)? I am concerned that the tip may wear over time.
these lights only have white or do all the rainbow??
This product has international warranty?
Venezuela sent or not? because I did the same questions twice and received two different answers??
publication says that can ship outside the U.S. as with shipping to Venezuela?
publication says that can ship outside the U.S. as with shipping to Venezuela??
Would a banjo work well with this stand?
Will this work for a Martin Backpacker guitar?
Would this stand work well for a child-sized guitar and would it be easy for the child (age 7) to sit the guitar correctly in it?
Please this stand is good for Ovation guitars? Ovation is fatty and like Laud instrument.
will an electric guitar fit on this stand
Will this work for a junior/child-size acoustic guitar?
Will it work for electric guitars?
Is there a spot for the violin bow. I don't see it in the picture.
will this fir a fender 3/4 mini guitar?
What is the footprint of this stand?
Would this be big enough for a tenor ukulele?
Is this stand big enough for a child's acoustic guitar?
what type of base is this? it looks like a candlelabra type base....
My bulb is not changing colors?
Where do I put it?
I am trying to order the product but I dont know what to pick as size it seems that there are various products listed please help
does it have a switch? i plug it into several lamps and nothing happened. i live in the us
Does it work only with 110V or also can I use it with 220V ?
Can it be use for out door? I'm thinking on Christmas already! :-)
I'm not a electrician, so I'm wondering. Is it possible to reverse the rotation? Thanks
how many watts is this item?
Want to hang it in a tree outside. Is it good outside all summer
does it screw into spots just like normal light bulbs?
what is the size of bulb
Bought 6 0nly one is rotating now after 2 weeks very dissapointed
Does this light have a blacklight effect?
ey you guys send me 2 lights that dont screw they have 2 litle pins on the side i think you send me the ones that you use in china.i CAN NOT USE THE
Hello. I just want to know that what is the difference between XL14 and XL15 ?
where does this ship from
My question is.... Can I separate the length to four, 4 ft lengths with wire between connecting them together to operate off 1 power supply?
How do you wire this without cutting the female plug off? They only came with a female end and no male end or bare wire to run to power????
I just received my orde. The lights only have a round female plug with no male plug and pig tails to supply power? How do I power these lights? Do Ih
will it grow plants if no do you know what will
Can I attach this to the outside of my boat
can this particular type of lights be used for motorcycle lighting also what is diffrence in 3520"s and 5050
Do these lights have connectors on the end for connection to 12 Volts
What size strip to power connectors?
HOW BRIGHT ARE THEY IN LUMENS?
Does this amp support other instruments like a mandolin or ukulele?
Can this amp work with both 110V and 240V? I shuttle between 2 countries. Thanks!
Does this amp come with the USB cable?
I am sold on the 2v2 amp, but what artist are on the list that you can access?
is this amplifier loud enough to keep up with a blues jr?
What is a good bass amp that doesn't cost hundreds
Can this amp be interfaced with a pc using Guitar Rig for added effects similar to what Yamaha's THR amps can do ?
Can you operate this amp at a low enough volume so as not to disturb the neighbors? I understand headphones are the best option.
does it come with a foot switch? if not, can this footswitch (Fender 007-1359-000 2-Button Footswitch) work with this amp?
what am im post to be looking at
How tall is it? Can someone sit and be able to reach the keyboard, or is it just for someone to stand at and play?
Is the Note holder also included with the stand?
Does this come with the gig bag?
My son is having some surgeries in a different town far away. Need an inexpensive good travel guitar. Prefer folk size. Recommendations please
Is this a left handed guitar?
Would you consider the action on this guitar to be low, medium, or high?
My son is having some surgeries in a different town far away. Need an inexpensive good travel guitar. Prefer folk size. Recommendations please
Do I have to provide proof that I am a student? If yes, How do I do so?
Does this come with a CD installation or an online download?
is this the full version of suite?
Does this work for Mac?
What's into the box, exactly?
At what point does the student ID or officially stamped letter need to be presented? Is it at time of purchase or during online registration?
how many computers can you use this on my son has two he switches back and forth from laptop and desktop?
Is it include Bench?
Are there numbers above the keys to aid in selecting songs, voices etc. that are enumerated in the manual?
Is this an 88 key keyboard? Does it have sustain pedals?
The manual of this digital piano says it is possible to select between different voltages. Would this piano work in both 110 and 220V?
Where do you plug in the cord? Behind the piano or beside it? Is there any space behind the piano to accommodate a plug sticking out from the wall
Is the "50 Greats for the Piano" music for experts only or are there beginning and intermediate selections?
What is the standard manufacturer warranty?
What's the main difference between the YDP162B vs YDP V240 model?
In additino to Bench, do you provide a bundle set, which includes a bench, a lamp, and a headphone? Thanks a lot.
I have a school gym that usually has around 60 kids in there at a time. Is it lous enough for a school gym?
How much does it weight? Dimensions??
Does this come with a microphone and if not is there a suggested microphone AND has anyone used this for speaking engagements
I bought the Airline 77 UHF WIRELESS SYSTEM IS THIS PORTABLE SPEAKER COMPATIBLE?
I like my speaker to have a lot of base. How is the base? Am i allowed to control the level?
what is the difference between this and the ION Block Rocker Bluetooth Portable Speaker System with Auxiliary USB Charger?
Where can I buy a replacement power charging cord?
Is there a wireless microphone that will work with this speaker?
Is there a lavalier microphone or headset mirophone that is compatable with this speaker?
Can you plug in and use a guitar and microphone at the same time?
So does this still not work with Logic Pro X or did they fix that?
what is the preferred power adapter for the axiom air 61? i know it's supposed to use a 9V DC 3A adapter, but i can't seem to find one.
Will there be all of these specific effects included in the synth....Reverb, delay, fuzz, phasing?
hi, sorry but, not clear to me. This controller is actually compatible with major DAWS like REASON, FL STUDIO , CUBASE, ETC... ???
Noticed there is no AC Adapter included. Is there one here on Amazon?
What is the actual weight on this? 13.5 lbs seems low - important as I have a severe physical disability so every pound matters. Thanks!
Are the complaints that the preamp volume/gain is too weak a serious problem?
Would this be a good solution if I'm trying to connect 2 JBL LSR305 Studio Monitors to my computer?
Should I get this M-Track or should I get Behringer Q802USB? New to recording, and am going to try FL Studio as software. I might like the flexibility of having mixer to play at the park gazebo with a friend. Opinions?
Does this work with windows 8.1?
I bought this and when plugged in the LED's all light up and stay on solid, won't record either. Does anyone have any suggestion?
I just want to throw this question out there for polls. In terms of the quality (let's say they are the same price), BEHRINGER XENYX 302USB or this?
Is there an input that allows me to listen to a pre-recorded track, as well as the live, incoming vocals? For recording an isolated vocal track.
I plan on using this with an Audio-Technica AT2035, with frooty lops as my DAW. Will this supply enough power for the at?
Can this handle 88-key keyboard or e-drums? I wanna make sure the sound will come out fine on Garageband! Thank you-
Does this product work with Win 7 - 64bit?
Is this controller easy-to-use for a novice
How is the unit powered? If a power cord is required, is a particular one required or will any of them work?
shipping to india?
M-Audio says its dimensions are 22 X 15 X 4 but under "Product Details" it says it's 34 X 17.3 X 5.5. That is quite a discrepancy. What gives?
I would like to get this for my son for Xmas. Anything else I should buy now that is needed with it? Thank you !
Where would I plug in my keyboard/synth on this? The line input or..?
Will this take USB audio signal out from my laptop? i want the digital signal from the USB on my laptop to the mixer, then to an amplifier.
I bought this but does not have any echo or effects,please i want to buy External Effects Module to use at m-track but which one is good with this ?
I have a very noticeable low cut in the headphones output versus TRS output ( tested with professional monitors ), is this correct?
Is it USB 2.0? Nothing about that on M-Audio's...
Is this interface compatible with Logic Pro X?
Is this interface compatible with fruity loops?
Does it support win7's stereo mix recording? Actually I'm looking for an external sound card having that feature
Does this have ASIO zero-latency monitoring?
Has the dongle issue been resolved? Does it work, and activate pro tools? Does the included pro tools express work porperly?
Silly question but I have to make it...as you specifies this product com with pro tools express, so is supposed I can control the ezdrummer?
Will this work successfully ( ac powered) with the iPad mini? If yes, has anyone tried it with Korg Gadget app?
Does this controller work with Magix Music Maker 2013 Premium? It works fine with Mixcraft ProStudio 6
I do not see this on the midi studio lists of devices for pro tools! how do i set this up with pro tools??
How are the pads? Are they stiff and are they responsive?
Is anyone using this with an iPad 3, 4, or Air since it is class compliant? If so, does it work well?
Does this work for the Macbook
what is the max size mixer board that will fit up top?
Does this unit come pre-assembled or does it have to be put together?
Are trays included? What hardware in any would you recommend with it?
I see there is an open space in the back of the rack. Is there a door that closes? Or is this always open??
can this be used with a Behringer x32 producer
can the mixer remain wired to the rack directly or does it need to be de-wired before closing?
do you ship going to guam?.. cuz i was trying to order.. are there any other ways so that you could ship it to me here in guam?.. thanks
Is the caster board a complete piece that could be used under the rack even if you didn't install the bolts like a furniture dolly?
Are the latches able to be locked closed (e.g., with a small padlock?)
are a 1000 watts pmpo or rms?
For our outdoor wedding with 250+ people is this sufficient to serve as our sound system for the ceremony and reception?
This speaker seems very cheap in price. I am a performer and want reliable good sound. Can anyone recommend a higher quality Battery powered speaker ?
I am a guitarist /vocalist looking for a battery powered speaker to use for performances. Be honest, Does this sound good?
Can I plug this in to my laptop etc......and play my music from my laptop?
how do i manually change the FM tuner stations and presets?
can we use two of these speakers together for broader audio coverage with an event in a larger space?
can you use the wireless mics and bluetooth at the same time
Can I change folders using a usb without control?
How is the Bluetooth? How much is its range?
Can you connect two speakers together and listen from one source? If yes, how?
Does this unit have a built in battery
Could I sync it to my PS&middot;3/ PS&middot;4??????
can I play music when I connect the source from the line input &amp; use the mic at the same time? Can I record people singing with the mic?
I have a Pyle 1050 portable pa speaker. Can I hook that up to this speaker to have a two speaker system at events?
can you hook up two of these and have them play together?
CAN I ADD TWO MORE SPEAKERS NON POWERED/
Any updates on the remote yet? Mine doesn't work either.
How can I request a new remote? The one that arrived with the speaker doesn't work
Approx how far can these speakers go from my dj equipment?
Wanting to purchase the 15" and power from my boat at times. What size inverter do I need to properly power this unit?
I need a speaker mostly for playing background music in a 50x70ft hall and for speaking to a crowd of 100-200 in the same room - will this do it?
How's the bass on these speakers? would they work well for an outdoor sporting event?
bluetooth works well?
will this work and fit my Samsung galaxy tab 3 7.0 tablet?
will this fit the Samsung Galaxy 8.0?
Can I use this keyboard for my new version of Samsung Tab 3 7.0.
Is this mic balanced mono or unbalanced mono?
Is this compatible with a Sony CX220 Handycam?
Can I use it for better sound using my Samsung tablet.
Can I use this to record with a galaxy note 12.2 also with a nikon d5200
Can I use this to record ambient sounds like ocean and nature on my Tascam HD-P2?
is there power light
Does this require the AA battery, or can the mic run off of phantom power in a studio setting?
Is this compatible with a Sony Handycam DCR-SX40?
Does this work with a Blackmagic Design Cinema camera?
Is this compatible with SLR's such as my canon 7d?
how wide is the light?
Does it come with a carry bag to take it to gigs?
How long do the batteries last. Can it get through a 2 hour gig?
How long is the adjustable neck on this light? Could it be used on a Piano?
Is the light perfectly even or does it have hot spots from each individual LEDs. I don't see a diffuser lens on it.
This is listed as 'rechargeable". Does that mean that the batteries charge in the unit, or do they need to be removed to a separate charger?
Is it necessary to remove the batteries when plugging in the light?
Does this have a piece that reflects light back to the music sheets and not audience
How long do the batteries last?
What is the color temp of the LED bulbs? If the color temp is not specified, could you please describe the color (warm, cool or cold?) THX!
does it have selectable drum beats to play along to
Can you hook up headphones to this??
Can this be plugged in in England?
does it also run on batteries?
Does this item have a "book stand" to attach.
What brand is this and where is it made?
Is the fidelity good enough for location film sound?
Is there a screen on the mic to scroll through which shows the syncing? Does the handheld convert to a lav mic?
Does the lav use the shhure 4 pin mini connector?
Am I understanding correctly that I can use both the lav and the handheld at the same time? thanks!
Do you have a carrying case or where to get one? How do I find what frequency I need, live in 55435 MN.
what is the difference in H K M model ?
Can you mute this microphone from the actual microphone? Or would you have to someone just mute the channel on the mixer?
Is it really in Stock?
can you hook up more mics to this system like as if i had four singers and not two? and if so what kind of mics should i look for?
I am new at this so IO know very little. I play fiddle and sing. But have trouble hearing my fiddle and can't always tell where I'm at. Does this make since to anyone. I need to hear my voice and hear my fiddle.
How big of a speaker do you need? Any suggestions on compact ones that would project in a large school cafeteria or gymnasium with 100 people?
We just got several of these microphones for our musical theater group. At rehearsal, we are experiencing a lot of cutting on/off. Any suggestions ?
Does this wireless system need a compatible music system to make use of the microphone feature? Does this receiver need to be physically connected?
I need 2 or 3 headset microphones working at the same time. Do I have to buy the hole item or receiver works for + than 1 mic?
Does this system need a speaker? We are using it for a dance instructor. Thanks.
what frequency option is the best ( H8, J10, K12, or M15 )? and are they different sizes?
Does this record what you are saying into the microphone?
I play acoustic and sing folk/country/rock type of sound. I want to travel light and have to read music past a mic which is hard. Would this fit the
Is it waterproof? I need a microphone that I can use for exercise classes
Does it come with rechargeable batteries and battery charger ?
I need a total of eight mics or four dual receivers, can each of the receivers be of the same frequency type?
Does it work on 220V ?
Can I set up my wireless lavalier pack with this system?
We are new to this scenario, we are wanting to do a videoke set up, is there a way to tie these in to a normal surround sound?
Is this usable for 240V or just 120
do the cords to hook to mixer come with mics
What's the best frequency option for Texas?
J10 and J12
Where is Shure BLX288/PG58 Wireless Vocal Combo with PG58 Handheld Microphones MADE? Mexico? USA? CHINA?
does this have 2 outputs for mixing purposes?
Can the power adapter handle 220v input?
Does this come with warranty?
is this blx is a uhf ?
I want to know if this system can be used internationally say 110/ 240 watts power input?
Can this receiver handle 4 total PG58's? I want to buy 2 more mics for this receiver. Also, does it come with any cords to connect to my mixer? Thanks
I know these mics don't have mute function. Do they "pop" when turned on and off?
I need 3 units. Do you ship free to Puerto Rico?
I have a couple of H7 transmitters. Will they work with the H8 frequency?
I am looking into purchasing this product but I am unsure of which frequency to get. what is the difference between H8, J10, K12, and M15 frequency?
Recommended system requirements?
is it demos? it says it doesn't contain serial numbers...
ill be getting the full version of each plug in correct? not demos? want to make sure before i buy,
I'm confused. In this particular context, what are they saying is the difference between an "instrument" and a "sound" and a "sample"?
Are they all compatible with OS X Yosemite?
Do I need an iLok to use this?
The current price here, is the list price for the "update" version, not the full version. If I buy this, am I getting the full retail (not upgrade)?
how does this compare to previous versions
have anyone used this for hip hop or trap music?
Is it that both Mac and PC installers are in the box? I am not seeing that information in the details of this product.
How many lumens per LED, Meter or Roll?
Fo anyone who put these on your boat, does the green light attrack a lot of insects and mosquitos?
I received it but was unaware that I needed to order the kit. Is that correct? Or is there another way of installation?
i hooked the reel to a 12 volt battery only about 4 ft. lit up.
I have 3 sets of these lights. I want to use them on my boat. Will they drain my cranking battery? Or should I get a second battery.
When mounting on a boat is it better to face them down towards the water or facing outward?
Can you connect two or more sets of LEDs together without soldering?
What size wire do you need too hook up these lights to run the full 16.4'?
How thick are these light strips? I am wrapping them around a 2 inch pipe and sliding that pipe into a 2and 1/4 inch clear pipe (for a fishing lite).
Can these lights be bent into different shapes or do they have to be laid out in a straight line?
Does this bundle also come with a sustain pedal?
Does this have midi inputs/outputs
Does this Yamaha P35b come with a power cord adapter
Does this package have a dust cover?
interested in purchasing this piano for my 5 year old son. Will he be able to have his feet touch the ground and reach the keyboard ok
Does this come with a music stand attached to the keyboard? If not where can I get one to match the keyboard size.
Can anyone tell me if the bench is adjustable in height?
Some of the other Digital pianos come disassembled, does this one come in parts too? Would I have to set it up at home?
Can I record songs I play on this?
How bout the bookstand? How do you read the music book when you're playing this?
What are the box dimensions ?
Do you have to plug this into a computer to play it? Can this keyboard not be played with a power cord adapter? How is this comparable to an electric keyboard?
I bought this for my daughter to practice piano. Is here a way to do that??? I thought I was getting a piano keyboard.
Hi, I won't have my PC with me; can I just power up &amp; plug in external speaker? If so,what speaker(s) will connect the easiest?
i see is sensitive-speed keys but is sensitive touch? sorry but i no know diference between touch sensitive and key speed sensitive.
Will this work well with the Sibelius software for music composition?
does it react well with garageband
Does it work with 64-bit Windows 8.1?
Where is the CD and the USB cable that was suppose to come with it?
Will this work on my android tablet? If so do you know of any software that will work with my tablet and this??
Will this amp make me a Rock God so chicks will dig me?
I'm having a hard time trying to decide between Mustang I and Peavey Vypyr VIP 1, got any advice? Thanks :)
Does the amp come with a cord to connect to the guitar?
Is this 20 watts peak or rms?
Does This amp allow you to add music on while playing? like play music from your phone?if so how?
Can this amp be run on batteries? Doesn't look like it but checking. Suggestions for a good portable?
What is the size of the speaker in this amp -- how many inches in diameter?
will this amp work with a lap steel guitar?
I am a beginner and know a few chords. Finally decided it was time for an amp. I get a terrible hum whenever I am plugged in. Desperate for advice.
Could the amp be louder than 2 guitars a FULL drum set and a microphone in a venue that's about as big as a gym?
Is this Amp V.2? I saw it said it was in a picture showing the back of the amp but I'd like to know if it is from someone thats bought it.
Does it come with a simple footswitch?
I have one of the original Fender G DEC's. It has a looping capability which allows me to sample a short progression and then play leads over the progression for near infinite durations. Does the M III V2 have this capapbility, and does it have more...
Forgive my question if this is dumb, but would you say that this amp sounds alot better than the mustang 1?
Does this amp also have a tremelo feature?
can you plug a mic in it
Can you plug another 12 inch extension speaker into it?
can you plwg up a mic to this amp
Can I use a Boss ME 80 along with it, or you believe it's not required? Thanks!
Would this be a good amp for electronic drums?? Thanks!
hi can this instrument be played a an electric piano
Are the knobs included in the mentioned height (2.4 inches)? can somebody measure the height without the knobs?
Folks, what is the ACTUAL size?? These sizes I see all over the web are inconsistent.
What are the dimensions with depth of this controller?
THis stand is secure for Ovation acoustic guitar? Ovation has different box, like la&uacute;d.
Could this stand be used for as banjo?
For Ovation Guitars fix is good ?
Can you use this stand on ESP LTD AX-50?
Would a ukulele fit for this stand?
Is this stand stable on a densely-carpeted surface, to hold a classical guitar?
How well does this stand work with offset guitar shapes like the Jaguar, Jazzmaster, or Jazz Bass?
will it hold the fender mini electric 3/4 guitar well?
Does it need assembly?
Wondering if this would work with a 1/2 size cello?
Would this be a good mic for a starting of a YouTube channel
would you say this overkill for general pc gaming or just right? im trying to step it up from my logitech orbit cam wich has a built in mic
I podcast with two other folks. We usually sit at a round table. If we put this in the center of the table and will it capture all 3 of us?
Can this be used with a PS4?
I use a wooden desk and a mechanical keyboard. Is the built-in shock mount effective enough to absorb most of the vibration from my keyboard?
Does it include the USB cable?
I am a hypnotherapist and record clients sessions on iphone. Will thiss be better and do i need software for computer?
Is it possible to use this mic with one Sony Vaio laptop without having recognition troubles?
Any idea why My Nessie's light stays on even When i power off the computer?
what can i do to cut out noise from computer fans i currently got it furthest away as possible and got the volume turned down furthest as possible
I'm having trouble figuring out how to operate the 4 switch pedal! It seems complicated! I'm an older guy and just want to go from a clean sound to pressing a switch and adding tremelo, then maybe hit another switch and adding either a chorus sound or...
Does the master control lower the output level so the amp can be used at home for practice - like the Vox VT+ series?
Does the 150 watt come with a Footswitch ? Can FUSE be used in Windows Vista?
Will this work with 220 current?
does it have a built-in looper?
I am a big classic rock guy AC/DC..Guns And Roses even heavy like Iron Maiden ....can this amp get that type sound...like a decent dirty British sound
Does the 150 watt come with a Footswitch ? Can FUSE be used in Windows Vista?
I have a cheap $90 Kala I'm pretty happy with. It's a KAA15-T Tenor. Any idea Regarding neck width-differences? I like the width on. this one.
Is the neck wider than a traditional Tenor? I'm assuming the action is good. I'm not that good of a player - need as much help as I can get.
Is there a case included with the instrument?
Hello, what are the shipping costs to Germany?
Are the top, back and sides solid Koa? Width at the nut?
Is this a tenor or concert ukulele? The description at the top of the page says concert, but the "product description" calls it a tenor.
Does it come with a hard case?
does it come with the cable?
Can the pedal only be used for Whammy/Volume/Wah/Pitch Shifter or can it be used to control the slicer/rotary/phaser speeds as well?
do you need this pedal to control all of the vypyr 20 functions or can they be controlled strait from the amp itself?
What's the difference between this and the old version? It looks like they both have the same picture on Amazon. What about the silver version?
Does it need power- AC or DC ? If so what type battery or DC adapter? Do you hear any hum, buzz, or popping when stomping on the buttons or any other time when in use? Any pot scratch with the pedal?
I have 6 lines hooked up with amps at the end of each line, can I hook the music Controller out of my changing led start control? One line 80 foot long going around my patio.
What are the 3 different music modes mentioned? Is there one that pulses to bass or assigns R, G and B to certain frequencies (low/mid/high)
Can I have just one color pulsing to music or does it have to be RGB?
can i string 3 strips together, or would a line amp be needed?
I want a music mode that does not change colors just manipulates one color to the music. Can this do that?
Can you simply hook it up to an auto battery? Will 14.4v (auto) damage the unit?
Are the output ports for the LED strips bridged, or does it allow for independent control of each strip?
Is this unit waterproof?
I am unclear if this controller comes with the power supply it needs. If not, could you please provide suggestions (w/links)?
I have a Vizio TV will this player work with it? the RSQ wii not show lyrics on screen
My idea is to use the iPad to play the music and the screen to read the lyrics. is it possible to connect it to the iPad?
Does this come with the cables included to connect to the TV and speakers?
Can I just hook this up to a TV (HDMI or cables to older TV) and hear both the music and my voice? Does the record function work well?
is this karaoke amplifier remove the vocal from he cd
this machine is a karaoke, can i sing and watch my songs in my tv sansumg?????
Will this unit record without a disk, say like record a speech?
can i. connect speakers directly to this unit? if so, what type?
where can I get the karaoke video for this player?
How many gb the maximum at usb....
Hi, does this punch out work well on regular paper?
Would someone who has had this Pick-A-Palooza for a while please tell me how well it is still working???
Are there more than one shape of pick puncher available? ie. triangular, round, small, medium, large, etc.
How well do the picks play for a guitar? Do they have rough edges that make it hard to play?
What tool can I use to make a small hole near the pointy end of the pick? I want to make earrings out of them. Thanks.
How many picks does one gift card yield?
pick punch
Will the Pick-a-Palooza Pick Maker cut through a CD?
Does it only punch out one size pick??? If so it would be nice to see it do a couple different size picks
What are the dimensions of the pick this tool makes?
Does it comes with power supply? Does Power cord is included?
Does it have speakers?
Does it come with a book rest? If not, is there a place where the book rest can be attached?
Does it come with a built in music stand?
Are the headphones that come with this package good or am I better off buying it seperately?
I want to buy this bundle, but I live in Venezuela. Does it come in two boxes or just one? What are the dimensions?
does it come with cover for the keyboard?
Would a Beats headphone work with the keyboard, or just any headphones in general?
What are the exact dimensions of the piano (the amazon description may include the entire box)
Does it come with a bag to carry it?
does this fit the blue yeti?
Does it fit with the Audio Technica AT2020 ?
What is the size of the threading in inches? (The golden metal that connects to the stand)
Will this work with the samson meteor (49mm diameter)?
Would this work with a AT4040 or a KSM27?
Is this all metal or cheap plastic as would be expected for this price?
would this fit a CAD U37 usb condenser mic?
Will this hold the Samson C03U
would this be able to fit a PreSonus M7 condenser microphone? the mic:Diameter (54 mm), max Length(170 mm) ,thanks
Would it fit a mxl .006 usb mic?
Does this comes with an ilok?
Is this software package for PC or Mac or both?
Does it require an mbox to work?
I am a teacher. Can I purchase and use this student edition?
can this protools can be upgrade for free with the new protools 12
Does this come with any virtual instruments like kontack?
Is this software locked down to only one computer or can I use it on my desktop and my laptop as long as I move the iLok between them? ?
Will this work in I Mac
I want to get this for my son, He's in collge but not the program (as of yet). Does he have to be in a music production class?
Is this the actual Pro Tools 11 software or just a upgrade or somthing?
Does this work with the canon t2i?
will it work on t3i and fisheye
I just purchased a new Nikon D5200, any issues with this camera and using this product?
Is this a stereo mic or does it just record the same audio to both L and R channels?
what else do I need to get this mic to be used as a boom? I would like to get the mic over my subject like a boom-setup for better sound. possible?
Do I have to buy a separate audio recorder to use with this mic? Or just plug this mic to the camera's input and good to go? Or use both is better?
Is this mic compatible with a Nikon d5300?
Will this fasten on to the Panasonic GH3, and the Blackmagic Pocket? I understand that all the previous answers basically say that as long as there is a 3.5mm microphone jack you can use it with the cameras, but none seem to answer if it will fasten on...
Does it work with a Flip? Any suggestions for mounting?
is this suppose to come with battery because mind did not
Is this the same cutter as the Pick Punch? They look identical.
Does it include plastic strips? Or is it just the cutter?
Is there a view window for the punch area so you can see what exactly what part of the image is getting punched out?
I like the Dunlop .60mm nylon picks.Is there a place or company that sells 'nylon' rather than plastic sheets of .60mm ga.?
Can it be used to cut a thin piece of paper cleanly without wrinkling or crushing the paper?
Does it come in a box? I want to give as a gift.
What is the maximum thickness plastic will it cut? My son like picks 1 mm thick or more.
can i buy plastic refills? i know this will make it out of anything. im buy as a gift and i would like to get at least two more sheets
How does this keyboard compare to the Roland Juno Gi?
If you use a plug in mic is there effects for it?
Are the keys weighted?
Has anyone brought this on a plane as a carry on, or do you think you could?
Is there a combination (two pedal) sustain and damper pedal that is compatible with this keyboard?
Is it possible to import wav files into the Kross? If so, how many?
so can you only store 8 patterns on this drum machine? and if so is the memory expandable?
I noticed that this only has a 'headphone out' &amp; read that it has a low audio out signal. Can I connect this to an audio interface and amplify it?
Can it add a bass track to the rhythm?
could this make hip hop beats?
Where do I get the AC adapter for these? The jack is an nonstandard size.
I play mostly country which is pretty simple, nothing real fancy. Will this work for that?
Can I connect this to my MacBook and use it with Logic?
Can you load your own drum samples?
Can you edit the amount of steps you use or is it always 16? Could I choose to only use 12 steps for a 3/4 feel?
Does this package include a mic clip?
Hi. Can I use one BLX4R wireless with two BLX2 transmitter? Will it interfere the sound quality? What is the maximum number of transmitter? Thanks
What is the difference between this blx4r and the one with the blx4 receiver?
Does this unit get better range vs. the dual BLX unit without the external antennas?
Does it come with a hard case or can one be purchased seperately?
How much is a speaker to go with this unit and how does it work?
What is the warranty on this product ? How long and what does the warranty covers ?
does this come with the rack mount gear to mount two of these together?
is it available with 2 handheld mics
Can you use batteries?
Do you place the tripod on the floor to get the lights to project up and on the ceiling or do I have to mount the tripod up high? Thanks!
Can you turn off the motor so the lights don't spin?
I would like to use this above my pool to watch the lights dance on the pool will it work good for this?
does it work with 220V
Looking to purchase this for our camping trips to shine in the trees. Would this work for that?
in the description is says that the AC input is 220volts and i was wondering if its just a typo and if it works with 110-120 volts ordinarily
How dark does the room have to be? I'm interested in using it in a classroom with lights out but have many windows with closed blinds.
Is there anyway to make it rotate slower? It's quite fast for our taste currently.
This product brings all those accessories image showing six of the publication?
Firstly, how do you use a midi device such as a keyboard with this?
Is this free upgradable to express 12?
Does the fast track interface work with Yosemite on mac?
Will this package work with Yosemite OS X 10.10 ?
hi, can i use this interface with Adobe Audition or cubase?
Does Logix Pro work well with the Avid Fast Track Duo?
Will it work with Logic Pro 9?
Is it plug and play using a Mac or do you need to load the software?
will this work with my dell Optiplex 380 tower
does it come with ilok?
Does anyone know if this will tune a 12 string electric?
Will this tuner work to tune a 6 string electric lap steel guitar?
I am surprising my fiancee with an acoustic guitar for his birthday. will this work for an acoustic guitar? Not sure what is needed!
will this tuner work on a lap steel quitar
what the battery life? And what kind?
What are the dimensions of this tuner?
Could i use this on a five string bass?
Pardon my entry level tuning lack of knowledge but are there instructions for this? There were none included in the box.
will it tune a 5 string banjo?
Wil this work on a 1/2 size classical
My 10 year old wants this for xmas but I have no idea what this is! Help please!
I'm seriously not familiar w/these gadgets .I would like to know if it would work on windows XP. It would be for a gift. Thanks in advance!
Does it work for mac, and does it come with the software needed to make new sounds?
Can I do live preformaces with this (I.e. Hook speakers up to it and play it in public?)
Will this work with Sony Acid Music Studio 10.0 and So do I choose how to set it up or Does it do it on its own ?
This comes with a basic version of Ableton. What is different about it than the full version?
What's the difference between this one and the mini one (70 dollars cheaper) besides size? Is it really a crucial difference?
My boyfriend has a Traktor S2 and uses a MacBook Pro. Will this work for him? I'm planning on giving him this for Christmas and I want it to be a surprise and he knows way more than I do about this stuff, but I can't really ask without arousing his...
Does it work better with ableton or fl studio?
How useful is Ableton Lite? Seems ableton is on the order of $499 - $799
Does it come with any Cords- Wires. ?
Is this the same as the Elx115?
does it work well with an ipod and a wireless microphone?
Is this a one or 2 speaker deal?
Question for DJ's: EV ZLX15p or Mackie SRM 450 V2? Which is overall better?
zlx 15p vs zlx 12p wich is better ??
What is the RMS rating. Thanks.
USED 220v IN SOUTH KOREA?
Hello do you ship those items internationally to UK ? I'm looking to buy 2 of them!
I use a sub do I need 15 inch speaker? Is there "any" benefit in the ZLX15 over ZLX12 besides the sub/bass?
How's the bass on these? Need to add a sub in addition or do they produce a good, full-spectrum of sound by themselves?
Is this the model that has been recalled?
Does the Sub-Woofer selection simply low cuts the stated frequency, or is there some other magic to this ? Thanks.
What does REPACK Mean?
OK. So I just got my speaker. Tested it out and I love what I'm hearing so far. I was wondering about clipping. How do you know when it's clipping?
These speakers put out hiss/noise when hooked up to a mixer. I took them back to GC and tested; same issue. All factory settings. Is that normal?
FYI - Just to make you aware that this model has two exact speaker versions (a powered one - 1000 RMS and passive one - 250 RMS). Info on manual?
How would I know if the speaker is starting to peak?
How many RMS does it have?
Is there a way to control the volume level for the 3.5mm audio jack, or is that controlled only through the master level/playback device?
is this a neck or bridge pickup?
Does it fit in a space for a single coil?
what is the actual output K?
it supports bridge or neck? which wires are grounded?
What is the actual height at center if you were to surface mount them, disregarding the ground wire sticking off the bottom. Real measurement please
Whats the sound difference than the strat.
how do I fit these in a telecaster and what is the output?
or is it 9k or 5k?
Is there a schematic online for this pickup?
Does it have a slot to plug in headphones for previewing?
Do i need to download a certain software to mix or i can just connect it to the computer and mix through the device?
This controller works with Ipad ?
Is it compatible with Serato?
Will this work with an Android-based tablet?
How can you record your mixes?
Is this compatible with the Traktor Pro 2 Software?
HOW MANY USB PORTS ARE THERE
would it work with my PCI soundcard M-AUDIO AUDIOPHILE-2496?
How long does virtual dj le last
is it a good quality guitar?
Do they come with Sanding sealer already on them ?
What wood is the neck?
is all the binding cream? I really wish it could have black binding
Can it be stained, or is it already varnished
Is the soldering already done?
Does the kit include the pick ups,pick guard,volume adjusters ext?
How thick is the flamed maple veneer?
can you give it your own paint job?
is the neck glue in or bolt it ? thanks
What powers the pickups? The amp you attach the guitar too?
There are 2 pickups, one with a red wire and oen with a yellow. Are the the same and witch goes where? How do I get instructions to build?
Are there any instructions available for this kit?
does the wood come sealed?
What all tools do you need to build a guitar like this?
What kind of pickups does the kit include?
Can i fit emg 81/85 pickups on this guitar?
What glue works best? Specific type or brand, I assume 'no frills' isn't the best choice. How long should it remain clamped while it sets?
What's the scale?
are the pickups hot?
How does the touch and resulting volume compare with a coventional piano.
Can you use an external microphone with the piano?
Does it have a jack for private headset use?
what is the width and height please
Does this come with a bench?
Are the piano's keys sensitive to how hard you press them? Press lightly, soft sound; press hard, loud sound?
Is the body made of wood?
does it include an external output for addtional pa amp
Does it have a 3 inch diskette player?
Can this piano be battery powered? If so, what type of batteries?
Is that the professional full edition?? I mean does it have any limitation??
I have Avid Eleven Rack and I also have StudioOne Professional. To do what I want with Eleven Rack I need Pro Tools. Which do I need PT 10 or PT 11?
Does the avid Pro Tools 11 have musical notation software?
Does it include the free upgrade to Pro Tools 12?
Does pro tools work with native instruments komplete audio 6 interface?
On the Box I can read only Pro Tools Software. Do you know where it is Printed AVID Pro tools 11 ?
Is Pro Tools 11 backward compatible with Pro Tools 10 sessions?
Will this work with the M-Audio Profire 2626?
Is this the version I want to buy if I have never had pro tools on my computer? This isnt like the upgrade price from pro tools 10 to 11 right?
Is this the version I want to buy if I have never had pro tools on my computer? This isnt like the upgrade price from pro tools 10 to 11 right?
Can I use all my old refills like from reason 3 or reason 4?... just puttin those on a directory or is it more tricky?
Y after importing 2 mp3 files(one with the beat,the other with the vocals)into Reason, on play, the mix sounds out of sync b/c the vocals r delayed ?
Does this software work with Windows 8.1?
is it full version or only update?
Can i use Reason 7 on Windows 8
Can I use Reason 5 on Windows 8
Hi, can I run Reason 7 on a mac osx 10.6.8?
Does this software runs on a mac os 10.8.5, 10.9 or 10.10
Im beginner,i hear reason is not for beginners but i want to learn nd I'm a mac user so no FL studio.should i try this or something else
Is this program for making beats or recording vocals?
Is the price for two monitors or for one?
Does this one come with the power cord?
Can I just plug these speakers to my Yamaha digital piano P- 225?
can you leave these on for an extended period of time or do you have to shut them off
How do these compare to Klipsch RB-51 II and Klipsch 41?
Does nayone know if this can be used with a 220ac v and 50hz? thanks
Will this work with my Roland Juno Di? What type of cable(s) do I need? Is one speaker sufficient? (I am currently using two small Sony speakers.)
I have read in these speaker reviews that cheap speakers "color" music, saying that accurate reproduction might be disappointing. Seriously?
Do you think 4 of these would work on a bar? The place is 400 feet squared.
what is a good audio interface that is in the 100-300$ range that will allow me to listen to music through a computer connected by usb?
Will this work with a Blue Yeti mic?
Is the gooseneck holder short enough to place the pop filter in front of a Shure Sm57 mic on a desk stand? Thanks
Should I use a pop filter such as this one when recording piano? Would it improve or harm sound quality? Is it even necessary?
Will this attach to the tabletop stand that comes with the Audio-Technica AT2005USB? Or would it be too heavy? Better this or the desktop model?
Which mic style/brand do you think works best with this pop filter?
will this work with the small stand that comes with the apogee mic 96k?
What is the difference between this and a normal pop filter?
Will this be the right model for the Audio Technica 2020 USB mic? The top of the AT stand is round, not square, perhaps no need to clamp to desk?
The ad on Amazon states that I should get the Blue Yeti version of the mount. Yet I'm not able to use your link provided. Help!
Will it work with MXL V67G microphone.
Can I use the pa130 adaptor with this keyboard?
Can this board be connected to a Mac Book Pro to use in conjunction with Garage Band or Logic Pro?
when I turned the touch-response option ON and played various instrument voices, I can barely hear any sounds from the keyboard.. is that normal?
Where is the charger for this product?
Can I use headphones ? Is there any output for a analog devices (headphones, recorder..etc.? Thanks so much
How can I purchase the plug in set for this?
Does this product have any lead content warnings?
Does this keyboard have an on-board drum machine?
the only reason to buy survival kit is for the extended warranty. do i need extended warranty on keyboard? kit has adapter, which i already have.
Difference between the PSR-E363 for $139.99 (2013) and PSR-E363 updated version for $159.99? Both sold my Amazon. (2015)
Does this just come with the tuning apparatus, or does it come with a bridge as well? I see these for sale on eBay and they also come with bridges
Can you replace the tuning pegs? I want to use the gold ones from my Black Beauty.
in a left handed guitar? can use?
will this work on a 2008 gibson custom es -335 satin finish?
Is this (type A) the correct fit for a 2014 Les Paul 1958 Historic Reissue? Or would type E be correct?
Will this work for Gibson Les Paul custom 1987?
Just curious, what does it sound like if you scream into it for hardcore style music?
Is a guitar, and amp and mic, along with this device all you need to use it? or is the device suppose to feed through a seperate speaker or PA sys. I guess what I'm asking is does the sound from the guitar and mic come out my fender blues amp at the...
does it work without a guitar?
Can you use this equipment with a karaoke?
Can it work with keyboard (if it depends - I have the Korg pa600) instead of guitar?
Can you do recordings on this?
It says the power supply is region specific...but some have posted that the power supply comes with an EU adapter. Does it come with the adaptor?
can i use this with my kareoke player
Can this be daisy chained with Mic Mechanic?
Does it come with a power adaptor?
Does this work automatically with Linux distros like Ubuntu or specialised distros like Audiophile Linux?
Does this work in Raspbmc?
can it be pluged into a galaxy s4 phone
Will this work with windows 8.1?
is this converter compatible with ASIO 2.0?
For mp3s and Spotify sources, is there any additional benefit from this DAC than the cheaper Behringer UCA202? (with Audioengine a5+ speakers)
will this DAC allow me to connects PC iPod android device to my vintage pioneer stereo with only rca r l inputs?
Does computer matter to audio quality with this? Since the computer is simply moving digital to digital, would a netbook result in audiophileness?
What do you thik about pairing this with the Audioengine N22 AMP?
Is this the older model?Schiit website sells the Modi 2.
i dont know about amps but can you tell my if is big or small ?
where can i find this guitar witho the amp ?
Could you tell me please the dimensions of the shipping box (Height, Width and Length)?
What gauge of strings does this guitar ship with?
What kind of warranty does this pack have?
How do I make this work with a 12 volt power supply in my vehicle? Not a/c
I have a SuperNight SMD5050 multicolor light strip. Will this controller work with my set of light?
6803 RF Controller 133 Change for Dream Magic Color Chasing 5050 RGB LED Strip for this I buy bat is not working with the smd 5050 how I setup
6803 RF Controller 133 Change for Dream Magic Color Chasing 5050 RGB LED Strip
will this product work with other supernight led strips that are not labled dream color?
would this work with 20m total? and how does it hook up as far as colors
Hi, I&acute;m interested on the ION turntable, but I wanna know if it has the hole to plug earphones?. the pic doesn't show anything. thx
Does the turntable come with a cover?
What kind of needle does it have?
Does this turn off automatic
Is the turntable direct drive or belt drive?
is there a software bundle
Are the included cables xlr to 1/4 trs ?
is this compatible with any DAW?
there is 2 different interfaces displayed in the pictures the second picture(front/back) is a different one than the the top pic which one wud we get?
this is a brand new product? in the box?
Does it run on 240 or 110 volt power. I live in Australia 240 volt?
Is there a headphone jack?
can it be plugged up to a computer?
Does this have pressure sensitive keys?
Is the Yamaha Education Suite a good way to learn to play the keyboard.
does it have the light up keys for learning?
Does this model have dynamics?
Does this keyboard come with a case? I need it to carry it to classes.
Is there a grand piano sound on this keyboard? What are the different sound options? I am looking for a sound close to a real piano.
Did you wind up having to buy an AC adapter or did they manufacture send you one
does it come with a stand
works on windows?
Can you use a Samson SP01 Spider Shockmount with this boom stand?
i want to buy Focusrite SCARLETT Studio Pack. do you have international shipping to Mexico City, Mexico?
If I wanted to create a home studio to do audio book narrations...is this a good option? Or is this more geared to creating music?
How do I connect the mic stand with the mic the part it came with doesn't fit the mic stand.
does the recording software come with this package?
Does this package work with usb midi controllers?
Does this package include recording software?
I'm really interested in buying the Focusrite Interface, but I was wondering how good is the Microphone for home recording?
I want to purchase this for my fiance to record his songs on his laptop. Is there anything else i need to purchase or can this be "plug and record"
What is the thicness of strips? Is it variety or one size?
What is it made of? Celluloid, PVC or something else?
Where can I get a variety of colors of the guitar pick strips?
how can you put or print you rlogo on them?
Do these work with Pick Punch. Already have a pick punch
Are any of these less smooth, more gripping, a material that is not as slippery?
I assume the $59.99n is for a pair?
Can you use speakers with the cover on? To protect speakers when on the beach?
Will these fit ZLX 15P Speakers also
Can you clarify if IOS lighting connector is included on the box?
Does it come with a Breakout cable included?
Does this second generation One come with the breakout cable?
Before I assume: is it compatible with iPad Air? And does it have phantom power?
With an XLR and 1/4" cable hanging off of the break out cable when the One is on a mic stand, have any one had problems with connection or cable?
Any SQ comparison for the DAC playback of lossless files with any other portable DAC/Amp out there? Toss up between the ONE &amp; Beyerdynamic A200p
Does this have a stereo input? i'm using an effects processor, with stereo sounds.. Boss gt 100?
Does this require batteries? Does it run of sub power from the IPad?
Does it work with yosemite and ios 8.1?
How well will this record a lecture? I'm a student and how close do i need to be? (Lecture Halls)
Can you get a white light look?
Is it really a "strobe" light? Do the lights blink at high speeds? Or does it just spin colors? I'm not looking for a strobe effect.
Can this be mounted from the ceiling?
Does this unit have the new updated software in it?
Iam looking to buy this with tagalog chip separately but you also have mixed english and tagalog does that has a tagalog chip?
Can you use dual connections, that is, both HDMI and the other audio connection (sorry, forgot what they're called)?
I am interested in a Hindi one. Can I just add a Hindi chip to this one or do you have a one just for Hindi?
is this compatible with 'lead singer' song chips? Is this system expandable?
Lyrics. How and where do you see them?
Can I adding another songs in this machine? or I need delete some to add another? thank you
How do i connect my ipod or usb flash to this unit, the songs i enjoy the most are on there devices.
Is there a hindi version of this just like the et-25k has a nindi version here: http://www.amazon.in/karaoke-magic-si...
Does this have tagalog songs or only english songs?
Does your minilabs in stock come with the latest Arturia Analog Lab software or is this older stock?
Do you have to have a mac to use this product?
Can I use the Minilab/Keylab with an iPad mini?
I read that the software programme requires a pc with a dual core. What does that mean?
does this item come with its own sounds or do i have to use it as a controller
does this work with logic pro x
Can you assign specific sounds (let's say a scream) to the keys and pads on the midi controller or only the sounds that come with MiniLab?
Does this work without an audio interface? As in I can use it via usb port to my computer?
Are the pads velocity sensitive?
Does the Pitch control have a way to return to 0 like the more common spring-loaded pitch wheels do?
I have other LED Strip light products and controllers. Will a Controller with 44 -button Remote work with this product above?
Does this do white?
I ordered this and upon receiving realized this purchase didn't come with a power cord. I understand I need 12volts but how many AMPS?
I received my order, light on when plug in, but the remote doesn't work. I can't turn light on, off or change color. Any thought?
Can anyone suggest or link me to a power source for this?
Is the adapter to connect the two reels of LED strips included?
can the flexible strip be bent in a 90 degree angle? Or will it require cutting and soldering, have a rectangluar area to light
What AC power adapter is required to illuminate the 10 meter strip fully?
The lights are RGB. The remote shows a yellow color. Can it do that too?
Will the power supply adapter DC12 v handle 32feet of of the led strips you sell in this order .
Are there enough outputs for a 4 channel dj mixer?
It is bus powered?
Focusrite Saffire Pro 14 vs this focursrite 6i6? whats the difference?
will it be able to give out sound to 2 pairs of monitors, i own a 2i2 and i have a problem with that i can only send sound to one pair of monitors
Has anyone had a problem pluging an electric guitar directly into the 6i6 ? I understand some have experienced a faint high pitched whine caused by a design flaw in the USB jack of the unit.
Are there 6 inputs? Your image is not showing 6 inputs as far as I can see.
What Version of Abelton Lite comes with the 6i6 currently?
How well does it work with Windows 7?
Will this unit allow sufficiently loud &amp; non-distorted monitoring with TWO 300-ohm top-notch pro headphones? How good ARE the headphone amps?
PAIR OF MONITORS OR IS ONLY ONE ???
How would I hook these up to my laptop?
How do you reduce RF interference? I get crackling a lot when no audio is playing on the speaker closest to the computer.
when you buy a pair, you will need two power outlets to power both right? and then how do you connect a pair to a laptop w/out an interface?
Is this monitor compatible with the Focusrite Scarlett 2i2?
Is just one monitor sufficient for Voice Over since I will be recording in mono only?
are there any sub woofer to add to this monitor, paired by presonus?
Does anyone have any recommendations for an audio interface with XLR output that either has USB and/or optical input?
Although it states "Monitor" it also states "&acirc;&#128;&cent;2-way active studio monitors" in the description pls make it clear it is only ONE!
What specific cables and adapters would i need to connect this to a usb output? are any included? if not could you suggest good products?
Is this a single speaker or a pair?
Is this product water resistant?
Can I put my USB that I I've. With my music on this speaker
can u get good enough sound quality in small auditorium if u connect a electric keyboard/piano 2 this item?
Does the speaker have a XLR connection?
Can two of these same model PP-3500BT speakers be used with a lap top?
Does it have rechargeable battery so that it can be used as wireless at outside?
can this speaker work with ipod
will it work directly with an ipod
this unit is NOT rechargeable is it?
Are the 2 extra pres and ADAT input worth the extra $100 (40% more) for the 8i8 (vs the 6i6)? The 6i6 specs &amp; other features seem similar to the 8i8.
What software comes bundled with the product? Focusrite's website shows that it comes with loops, vsts, and other software. Is this the case here?
Does this have phatom power?
Does this have phatom power?
I am very interested in this product. Can I send 4 mono signals at one time to my DAW via USB. (Vocal, Guitar, Bass, Percussion). Please confirm
Will this unit allow sufficiently loud &amp; non-distorted monitoring with TWO 300-ohm top-notch pro headphones? How good ARE the headphone amps?
Do the eight line inputs all send as seperate tracks through USB? (i.e. will I be able to simultaneous multitrack with 8 tracks through USB?)
I have a hardware sampler with 8 1/4" RCA outs. Will this accept all those inputs?
Does this have phatom power?
Can I record directly from this Scarlett (or any other model) to an external USB Hard Drive directly, without using a PC or a Mac?
I want to play my ipod directly through this subwoofer. Will one xlr to 3.5mm cable be sufficient? I noticed there are 2 xlr inputs (left/right).
How could i hook this up to the Behringer Xenyx 802?
I have a high impedance output from my mixer. Does this subwoofer have an input to handle this?
I have 2 powered 15 inch speakers running to my mixer at this point....How would I be able to use this Baby tremor on my set up?
Is the power rating of 2 x 150 for the powered outputs alone? Does the woofer run off of 300 Watts RMS regardless of my use of these powered outputs?
Silly question. But i don't see a crossover built in. Is this correct?
This may sound crazy----but I run amps and a non-powered mixer for my speaker set up---what out puts from my mixer would I send to this?
Could I place a passive speaker (like the Seismic Audio 12 Inch PA DJ Speaker) on the pole mount and have the sub amp run it too?
Is it possible to get output with a regular mic cables
What is the peak power output for the satellite?
Does this item come with the necessary cables? I have an iPhone 4 which has a large 30pin port on it.
Is there a way to connect the sonic port channel, the guitar and ios device to a laptop or PC to hear the whole sound in the laptop speakers?
I connected and played Guitar through it. Where can I find information about how to use this device for recording?
Does it work with an iPad 3rd generation?
Can you hook speakers up to it or an guitar amp?
Can I record stereo signal (Line6podxt) into garage band on ipad and will it show as a split stereo track on said program?
Will it work on a Macbook Pro?
Can you use multiple/all outputs at the same time?
Are there any drivers to install from a CD?
Can the app run in background? If I close the app to run another application say youtube but still want to hear the guitar, is that possible? Thanks!
Can you hook up a midi keyboard via the USB. From the Detailed pictures it looks like you can, but one review says you can't.
Is there a cable that could convert the usb from my nanokey2 to midi output. So many portable keyboards only have a usb midi output.
Is this working in iOS 8.1.3? I'm having a hard time making it work on an iPad 2 iOS 8.1.3. The iPad won't recognize the iStudio (not even charge).
Can this power my studio mic? Can I connect my iPad 4 to this with an adapter? Does it also serve as a digital interface to my MacBook through USB?
So it doesn't power 48v phantom power mic's?
Is it safe to plug the quarter inch main outs into a guitar or bass amplifier for live multi effects processor use? Or out of the headphone out jack?
does it work with Logic?
I am planning on using this with my roland tdw-20 drums, for drumming over tunes on my ipad. Would it work? can you record multiple tracks?
Does the is202 support ipad 2 with ios 8.1.2? I have the Alexis io dock 1 and after updating my ipad to lastes firmware, iy does not charge anymore.
Can you bring electric drums in using midi? I tried with my yamaha set and it's not working (wrong assignments/not triggering sounds).
I assume this supply's Phantom power but does it supply 48V Because my AT2020 XLR takes 48V
Must I connect this mixer with RCA cables into an interface/computer to record? Or can I simply plug my XLR microphone in, and record through the USB?
Can I hook this up to a piano keyboard, laptop/ipod and a sound system to perform on stage together? My goal is to play piano and have backing track
What software comes with/is needed for this, it works with Audacity and Windows Media, but how do those compare to similar software? Suggestions?
can i power it with USB only , or its need power supply all time ?
I will be using this for bass guitar, acoustic guitar, and an old 1982 Roland piano. Will this be a problem?
can i record multiple microphones simultaneously? for example: if i were interviewing two people.....
Would this be a good beginning mixer for Podcasting? Do dynamic mics work well with this?
I am still confused about the phantom issue: will a condensed mic work (without noise) or not? Some say yes, others say no :(
can i use this if i want to independently control audio from voice (skype) from the usb port and music/game audio on another line on my pc ?
What type of battery does this use?
Does the tuner shut off automatically?
Can you use this tuner on a Ukulele?
How sturdy is the clip? I bought a snark for my acoustic guitars a few years back and the clip lasted for all of two days before it broke.
I use Open E and open D tunings Will It show me the G# and F# notes on the G string?
I use Open E and open D tunings Will It show me the G# and F# notes on the G string?
Does this have settings for alternate tunings such as Open G, D, and DADGAD?
Is this tuner suitable for a solid body National lapsteel guitar with a solid aluminum headstock about 5/8 inches thick?
is this better than the SNARK?
so what do I need to push the whole 2000 watts when I bair both of these? like how many channel amps, ohms, rms
Man, they don't have 2 15s like these? they are nice
I'm confused, from my research I thought these speakers were 1000 rms?
2 questions: What size(ohms/watts) DJ power amp &amp; mixer should I get for this to Dj? Also, I can use this for home theatre, wt size reciever? (ohms/wt
Which DMX controllers will work well with these lights?
I'm having a little trouble with the included instructions. I want to enable DMX control mode and put the light on channel one - any ideas?
I am looking for a light to change colors on a huge indoor Christmas card. Can this light do that without using a outside program?
how many lights can I link up as master/ slave. How many feet of wire can I run between them? I want to hook up 14 lights over about 300 feet. thx
Looking for cheap uplights on a wall for a banquet dinner: can this light shine one color continuously without any color change? Thanks!
What is the difference between this and two other models sold by TSSS? Beam, Bulb Count, Brightness...
Is this supposed to have a mic built in? There are small holes drilled for one, but nothing there, and can't get it to respond to sounds.
Is this light able to be used under a 6ft long table w/white spandex cloth to make it look like a specific color? How many colors?
How big is it in inches? I dont understand how the dimentions on the page only say 0.5 cm
Can anyone post dip switch settings to make this light fade between colors and how to put it into strobe mode? Any other settings would be helpful too
Does the box have 1 or 2 of the lasers in it?
We would like to project a moon and some stars on a backdrop during our stage production of Shrek. Would the unit project a stable image of the moon or would it move constantly? Thanks! :)
For out door OK?
does this unit have to cool down after about 2 hours?
How do you change the shapes? Mine isn't changing.
Is this a better package rather than buying Image-Line Software Image Line FL Studio Producer Edition 11 (with multiple machine installations)?
Do you need a school code or anything like that to use the academic version?
Does it come with the license or key?
Can this be downloaded onto a laptop and a desktop (2 downloads) or is it good for just one device at a time?
Does this include the 64-bit version too?
Does this include Sytrus?
What is the difference between the producer and academic editions of fl studio 11?
does it have the ability to record in realtime and transcribe it to sheet music?
what is the difference between the FL Studio 11 Signature Bundle Academic and the one which is not academic?
I have a microphone with a cable that connects with my laptop. Will I need more equipment for the microphone to interface with this software?
Does this remember its previous state? For example, if I set it to Fade3, then unplugged it, when I plug it back in will it turn on and run Fade3?
Can I plug this is with a cigarette adapter on my boat?
Would it be possible to plug these lights into a battery pack to make the strip portable (wearable)? What type battery back do I need?
Can you combine multiple LED strands?
Is there a way to adjust the sensitivity on the music sensor?
i have cut the strip at the copper lines. now how can i make thie rest of the strip work? do i need another transformer or what do i need?
I would like to use these led lights on an outdoor patio area. Will these lights last if exposed to the weather? They would get wet at times.
How effective is the sound activation? Does the device have to be close to the speaker and how well do the LEDs follow the music?
I want to cut the light strip and have a 32" gap in between that is not lite and then continue with the strip that I cut. Can this be done?
Does this use up a lot of electricity when it's on and the colors change to music played?
Is it big enough to house a 76 key keyboard? I have a Casio.
Is this big enough for a DGX 630 - YPG- 635? Can it accomodate the key board and the base?
Will a Nord Electro 4 73SW fit this case? It measures 44.1" x 11.8" x 3.9".
I have a Yamah YPT230 with collapsible stand. Will it all fit?
I have a yamaha DGX- 230, will this be big enough to carry it?
Is it one case for two speakers or a case for each speaker
What are the exact dimensions of the inside? I am trying to fit a speaker that is 20.2" (513mm) H x 13" (330mm) W x 11.7" (298mm) D
The product description states that it is "created specifically for the STAGEPAS 400i". Would STAGEPAS 600i speakers fit in these?
I have a stagepas 400i. If this is too big for that model, I will replace it with the case that is specially made for stagepas 400i.
Hi would stagepas 500 fit in there? thank you!
would this fit the stagepas 300 speakers? with or without the stand adapters?
Does this have a USB port to plug in and charge your bluetooth device?
how do you know if the battery is already fully charge
How many pounds is it?
can you play mp3s and cds on it
how many watts?
Does the Bluetooth work with your iPad 2? It doesn't on mine.
what model # is this Block Rocker Explorer
Does it works with 220V?
Is this a newer version of the Block Rocker Bluetooth from Costco?
Does it come with a microphone or do you have to buy that seperate?
Does this work with Raspberry Pi?
will this work with debian linux?
Does this product work with Linux? Such as Ubuntu or Linux Mint?
Have anybody tried this with any of the Android "micro PCs"? Those tend to only have a single HDMI out; I was wondering if I could split audio out.
My desktop pc has built-in audio that's now damaged (it's not the drivers). Thus, front/rear jacks not working. So, if card damaged, will this work?
Is there a way to shut off the blinking light?
Has anyone experienced the headphone input jack solder joints coming loose? Mine worked great for a couple of weeks until that happened.
Do realtek audio drivers work with this? I need the stereo mix thing that comes with realtek hd audio to record stuff on my computer.
how does the audio quality compare to the built in audio out jack on a raspberry pi?
Does this let the microphone from a pc headset work on a mac when plugged in?
How many watts are these? Are they brighter than you 9w (3 led) gu10 warm white?
how can i choose warm or cool white? there is no option on the order ?
What is the height and width of the bulb in either inches or millimeters?
do you need to plug into an amp to hear if you re not using headphones?,,,thanx
Hi, is it possible to add another cymbal? Maybe purchase another cymbal from Yamaha? Thank you.
can you plug in an auxiliary music source (iPod or computer) and hear that music plus your drumming through the headphones only ?
does the hi hat controller pedal just do open and closed or does it do foot splash and half open as well?
Has anyone compared directly to Alesis DM6? If so, thoughts?
I am moving overseas and I am thinking purchasing the drums before I go. Can they do 230 volts?
what is the voltage?
If I were to use a real hi hat, can the DTX hi hat pedal be set up as a 2nd bass drum pedal, for a double pedal setup? Can the module handle that?
What's the dimension of this drum set? From the end of cymbal to the other end of cymbal? From the end of cymbal to the end of snare? Thank you.
Does it come in many packages? I have to deliver it to my hotel, they charge me $10 for each pack... And then I&acute;ll take it with me abroad, it would be better to have less packages.
I connected this mic to a Line 6 POD HD desktop, the guitar sounds fine, but the mic has no sound. What am I doing wrong? Help anybody?! Thanks.
Does this bundle actually included the Shock Mount? in the description it says it only comes with the mic, pop filter and xlr cable. I'm confused
Does it come with everything in the photo?
can i used this for gaming pc too i really want this it just cost much
Two questions: 1) Can I connect this directly into an audio amplifier or is something else needed, and 2) what do I need to mount the AT2035 mic?
We are a group of 8 uke players situated in a semi-circle. Will this mic pick up the music if placed in the center of our circle?
Is the stock mount good? If not can you recommend a good one?
Does this bundle come with the carrying case and screw that comes in the standard package here? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002...
Does this come with a 3.5mm plug so I can plug into the microphone port of my sound card?
What is a good boom scissor arm for this mic?
how many LBS is the unit it self?
can i use my dell laptop?
does this work as a standalone piece of equipment, or is it specifically a DJ controller?
can I use my mac laptop with this unit
Does this have a amp built in?
does it support serato?
What flight case would you recommend carrying this in?
What is the recommended USB stick for this unit?
It said that you can stream from iOS systems, but can you stream with Android as well?
How can one record the mixes? Can the recorded file be transfered to the Flash drive? Thank you!
Will this controller be able to control Moving head lights? I don't see a x y control?
Does the table works with adj dmx cables
What is the voltage: 127 or 220 v, maximum howmany watts bulb will work?
Will this controller work with adj mega bar 50 rgb rc light bars
Does it have an Auto Sound Mode?
Is programing easy with this controller?
What are the dimensions of this item?
Do you have to walk under the lamp to get it to tun on? We have the light on the outside back door. Will it see me?
Will this work as a day/night light? A control for use as an 'on at night, turn off in the day'? Or is it only for motion sensing?
is this designed for the outdoors also?
can this light replace a 'recessed' porch light and still work?
Is this item working great?
Does it need adaptor to use it with new or old ios conections?
Does this come with the ac adapter?
I know this doesn't have XLR or balanced outputs.... But has anyone used this at a club with a good sound system and noticed bad sound quality?
When bought here from Amazon, does this item come with the $50 e-voucher for Native Instruments? Does it also come with a copy of Traktor LE? Thanks!
Is this the old stock of Z1's with 30-pin connections? Or is this the version with Lightning connectors, like the ones sold on the NI website?
Can someone please check if it works with Serato DJ? I'm looking for a digital controller that can adjust deck volumes and crossfader.
Is It easy to understand r use for beginning Dj's?
will this work with iday2 on ipad?
If I get the Kontrol Z1, do I need an external soundcard like the Audio MK2 while running traktor on a macbook pro?
What is the width of the UV ultraviolet Non-waterproof 3528SMD 600 LEDs 500CM flexible LED Light Strip. I'm looking for something that is 8mm
How many of these strips can be wired together in sequence? I need like 4 strips to cover a room.
What is the power supply needed for this? the description says 12 V 2 Amps for a *300* light string, but this says its 600.
Is ths product Eco friendly - uses very little energy, without harmful radiations?
Does the rotary gain control go to 11?
Will it create separate audio files from 2 shotgun mics and 2 lav mics so I can then create my own mix in Post? Does it all go into one file?
Is phantom power available for the additional 2 channel XLR accessory?
What is in the box for Zoom H6 Handy Recorder? Thanks!
Does it always (irreversibly) mix down to stereo for you, or do you have the option of capturing all 6 inputs to separate tracks?
when plugging a guitar in and singing can tou hear it back as you play and sing and also do you need to run software to operate or can you just play.
Can the Zoom H6 substitute having mixer for doing podcast recordings with Skype calls?
So when I connect the H6 to my Canon mark 3, it automatically sinks the audio ? Theres no work to be done in shop ?
Are the included microphone attachments condenser type microphones?
Can the Zoom H6 be plugged with an audio cord in to the Canon XA20 and will audio sync with video as I'm making a recording?
will this stand hold the blue yeti mic and a pop filter?
How well will this hold the Audio Technica ATR2500?
Is this strong enough to hold an AT2020?
you could remove the stock shock mount to mount a blue snowball right?
How do you thread the cable thru so that it lies within the stand? Is it possible?
Is this stable enough to hold up most Condenser Mics such as a Samson C01U? even with the added weight of a shock mount and a pop filter?
What is the thread on the tip of the stand--is it 5/8-27 or 3/8-16?
does it come with a shockmount?
I think that i already know the answer to this but, can it hold a blue snowball and a pop filter?
Does it work with the Blue Snowball Ice?
Is the "dongle" that is required to operate this software included?
Can I take song out from this cubase for infinitive times as MP3 ???? or is it limited??
I need the system requirements before buying any software!!! Where's the specs?
I use Cubase 5, how diferent is this version? Can you recomend me this version?
Does it come with an installation cd?
Will it import 6 wav channels at once from my Zoom H6 recorder in usb multi track interface mode? Feb.28 2015. by Rodney McMahon
My Cubase arrived, the box doesn't read elements7and it reads 39 audio effects and not 44???
I installed my Cubase Elements 7 snd started the activation process. The elicense software says that my activation # has been used. Why is that?
Hello, this version cames with the USB-Licenser? Thanks!
I am using Line 6 ux2 for my interface and Steven SSD4 for a drum software is it compatible? I just want to record quality music is this the program?
I want to make sure that this bundle also includes the power supply for the Casio Privia PX150 88 key digital piano
What kind of amp do you all use for this keyboard? Any limitations or recommendations?
What outputs does it have. USB to computer? etc
Is the set including a bookstand?
What are the measurements of this Casio? Width, height, and depth? Thank you very much!
Does the stand and the chair fold for easy storage?
how many pedals I'm I able to use with this?
How to ensure that the keyboard is fixed to stand? No instructions...
is adaptor working at 220W?
the ketboard comes separate in a boox if yes can you guive me the dimentions?
How long was the XLR cable?
How long is the boompole when fully collapsed?
Are you able to run the XLR cable through the boom pole internally?
Does it come with the mic? And will this work with my Canon EOS Rebel T3i? We are filming a movie and we need to know this stuff.
Can I use this plugged into a DJ mixer?
i've seen only 2 1/4" to 1/4" cables displayed, so i'd like to know if this device has 4 outputs for mixing purposes?
Singing with a group at church and these are very cool. We have one problem - the transmitter causes distortion in our speakers. Any thoughts?
How do figure out witch frequency it is? It's Mic #4
I dropped one of the mic's and it broke in half is there anyway to buy just 1 mic?
how does it compare to shure microphones
Can I connect an overdrive pedal to this? Will the overdrive pedal sound the same if it weren't connected to the POD?
Do I need to purchase a power supply?
does it come with power chord? does it have any good chorus effects? I used to have the hd 100 tube head and couldn't get any decent chorus effec
I have 16 foot pedals. I would like to be able to connect them all to a board that activates certain ones together. will this do me?
Does the pitch shifter work in half tone steps? And is the range -24 to +24? Can I mute the original signal, so that only the shifted is heard?
can you have a compressor sound and a tube screamers sound on the same preset?
What's the best way to monitor this for practice? Headphones? Run into laptop? What if you want to hear your guitar and your vocals from a mike?
Can anyone recommend a sturdy carrying case (not a bag) for the Line 6 POD HD500X?
How many watts does it draw? Is it possible to run it off of a 400 watt inverter in a class 8 truck?
What cables/software/hardware do I need to use this as a recording device?
Does the color of the strings match the colors on Rocksmith 2014?
Are these the new K3 coated versions?
Is the string just for Rocksmith or it can be for regular guitar?
Will these fit a 3/4 size guitar, or are there different strings for that?
Hey guys, I'm looking for colored strings for my 7 string ibanez electric in red. 10-60gauge Do you have them?
Can I use these on my Fender acoustic?
would these work with an acoustic guitar?
I have an Epiphone SG special, would these strings work for my guitar?
I dont understand how to size the strings, how do I know if these would work for my accustic electric
Will these stands hold Herbing H120 speaker
will they fit a EXELL-1508? they have a hole of 1-1/2'
What is the length of this stand fully collapsed?
Will this fit a JBL EON 10 G2?
What kind of speakers do these stands hold?
This interface include the ilok 2 to ProTools?
Does this unit function well with ASIO drivers? In other words, can I make it so that each input channel is seen by the computer?
As a budding dj, I'm considering the purchase of M-Audio Quad in my set-up as an alternative to a dj controller to preview songs - will this work?
Can I use it with my Pro Tools 11 on iMac?
Can I record 4 tracks simultaneiously from my korg triton into adobe audition via this unit?ta
work with OSX Yosemite on mac?
I know there are only two 48v switches, but can more than two condenser mics run at once?
How many stereo headphone monitors could I use at once? Are the outputs on the back all in stereo?
question of the day...can it be jackd! can I control each input seperately through jackd!
Can I record with 4 different inputs and then mess with those inputs separately on protools without messing the other ones up?
Do these have a multi-color "chase" type mode?Or does the whole strip change colors in unison only?
I notice that there is a power plug, so can i plug 4 in 1 run and just plug in anouther power supply to offset power drop
Where can I get the controller that uses three leads, a 12 volt + &amp; - and a signal lead?
will this work with all 4 pin connectors and if so do you sell any
does this work with all 4 pin wires and adapters also do you have a link to all 4 pin products you sell i would like to buy them all from you
how many pins are the end types of this product
Has anyone had any experience using this with an Arduino or Raspberry Pi? If so, would you mind telling me how you did it or what libraries you used?
Does this adhesive tape on the back?
How many Lumins are these LEDS? Forgive me if I'm asking the wrong question... I want to know how bright these are.
I need 20 M to light for my living room. Let me know what power supply and how many power supply I need. Also let me know what else I need (4 x 5M reels, 1 controler, 1 remote, 1 power supply). I have read with one controller and power supply we can...
How does this compare to the Hohner 32B Piano-Style Melodica? (both tonally and to the touch...)?
Are the keys the same size as a piano?
is it politimbral?
Does this item come with hand holder
What tone does it come in and does it have a hand strap?
what about tonal quality? I am searching for sweet tonal quality,can i get quality sweet sound with d'luca?
Can this be tuned?
intonation?
Would this work with 50 foot hdmi cable and not loose quality?
I have an idea but I want confirmation. What is the difference between a Switcher and Splitter?
Will this pass a 1920x1200 signal from a PC (for a 16:10 format monitor such as the ASUS VS24AH-P)?
can I use to switch between pc and ps3 connected to one monitor? What other cables would I need?
Can I use this as as on/off switch to connect/disconnect HDMI cable from USB dock to external monitor (avoid un/plugging HDMI cable)?
Do you have to push the button to switch or will it sense whats on and send signal there?
Will this work to connect both satellite and Kindle Fire TV to television?
Say I want to use my ps4 on my 1080p monitor but my monitor only has one hdmi port, if I used this could i possibly use my ps4 on my monitor too?
When set up to split 1 input to 2 outputs, will both of the outputs work at the same time? Or does the button toggle between output 1 and output 2?
Does this support one input and two output simultaneously?
hi, i want to know how big this item is, IN THE BOX? i mean, long, width, can anyone give me this specifications?
I'm confused about weighted, verses touch sensitive. I want it to play like a real piano. Is this like a piano?
Can the bench be adjusted for height to accommodate a child? My granddaughter is 8 years old.
Does it come with something that holds music books in place?
How much does it weigh?
are the keys weighed or touch sensitive?
Does this piano have connections for amplification systems. I want to use it for performances like open mic nights
What is weight capacity or limit for bench?
Is the power adaptor 110-220V or 110V only?
Does this come with a sheet music holder?
What cables would I purchase to connect this to my TV? Thanks so much !
What cables do I need to connect this to my laptop or android phone? Are there cables available that are longer than 10 ft? Thanks!
hi, is this active or passive? can I plug them directly to the computer or do I need an amplifier to power them? I have an 8 channel passive mixer too
How directional are these? I want to use them for general music/movies and can't have them on stands at ear level. will they fill a 10x10 room?
is this the price for the pair?
Why does this monitor sound so terrible over 1/4" TRS to my Galaxy S4? I hear almost no vocals, but instrumental is fine. Am I doing something wrong?
Is there anyway to hook these up with my Schiit Magni/Modi? Or should I buy a separate audio interface?
Is this speaker made in China?
Can i connect this speaker to my Fast Track C400 Audio Interface? It has 4 balanced analog outputs on the back.
Can I connect this speaker directly to a microphone and which is its max. level of output?
Hi - I have an external hard drive with a library of songs. Can I transfer them easily to this system?
how can i backup music on my harddrive
I have a HD-38 with mp3+g songs on it but they are missing the song names . Just have artist. do all have to be entered perfect first on computer?
Can you store music from regular music CDs onto the Hard Drive and remove the vocals whenever you like?
How did you rip your cdg files to mp3g to flash drive to begin with? What program did you use? Please help. Thanks
But I was instructed to convert my files to OKE. I also have mp3+g files, but machine won't open them.
I have music in my computer as MP3G (which is MP3 music file with CDG video file). Can I input the music into this karaoke machine via the USB?
I bought my RSQ HD-38 from Lightyear Music (Ebay) brand new. How did you convert your song files to OKE. ? I don't understand the manual.
Can you hook up ipods to it?
can you hook this up to a P.A
Can 2 mics be connected and heard simultaneously?
Can you hook this up to a tv?
Is this equipment compatable with virtual dj
What kind of adapter do I need to attach headphones?
Does this have an integrate Audio Interface?
it works with tracktor?
this player was sent to me by my uncle from the states without any installation disc. pls how can I get it software
can i play line a while i listen to line B in the background
confused what to buy BEHRINGER DJ CONTROLLER CMD or Numark Mixtrack Quad Four Deck USB DJ Controller with Integrated Audio Interface and Trigger Pads
Does it work with just a computer?
Can this just be used to control dj software and run a usb output from the laptop to a mixer
what kind of output connectors does it take? XLR, 1/4 audio, others?
Does this include the white piano stand and music stand and the sustain pedal as well?
Is there a way to adjust (lighten) the weighted hammer action on this piano? Thanks.
How much does it weigh without the stand: just the piano?
How much does it weigh without the stand: just the piano?
Is there an audio IN, so I can use the speakers with another source?
is the $799 white digital piano with foot pedal on it ?
Does it come with a lid?
Does the white piano bundle come with white pedalboard and white seat?
Does this come with a keyboard cover?
Hello, is it possible to ship to Hong Kong?
how to set the split feature
what is "in the box" or "what is included
Is the stand sturdy?
hi! could anybody explain me the difference between the DGX 650 and DGX 640?
How does the sound quality (bass particularly) compare with the P-105?
I'm a beginner. If you were me would you go with the Casio Privia PX-150 which is $300 less or pay and get the Yamaha? Why or why not.
Can I plug my mp3 player into the aux input and play along with the backing track that's on my mp3 player?
Can this keyboard be used as a MIDI controller via the USB connection to hook up to a computer using Notion, Sibelius or Finale notation software?
How do the keys feel? Are they synthetic ivory (ivorite)? Do your fingers slip on them or do they feel like the keys of an acoustic?
Can you download more rhythms / styles from the internet onto the keyboard?
It seems to have more tick marks to either side of center than the few bars on a snark. Does this mean it has better resolution?
Is the screen visible in daylight? Thanks
would this work well with a Ukulele?
this tuner works for electric guitars?
Internal mic as well as vibration?
is it a chromatic tuner
Can it tune all notes from A0 to C8 or just the paltry six of the guitar and four of the bass?
Will it work with the blue snowball?
Which thread adapter should I buy, if anything, to accommodate the Blue Yeti Silver (not Pro)?
How does this attach to a Audio-Technica AT2020 USB Condenser USB Microphone?
does this fit yeti
is the clamp metal?
Does This Arm Stand Fit In The The Audio Technica at2500
I need to connect an Audio Technica ATR2500 to the stand. This mic has a standard 5/8" - 27 thread. You mentioned an adapter? Will it work?
What size it the thread when you remove the microphone holder? I would like to change that to a thread size for a web camera.
Would I be able to use this stand with the Samson C01U?
Does it work with a Samson Meteor mic?
Hi will this fit the Shure WH20?
What is the center diameter? Where the microphone would be inserted?
What size is it
Is it Mac-compatible? Can I download the Mac drivers somewhere? (can't load them from 3" disc onto Macbook)
Does it has the dynamics as the real piano? Or is it press like an electronic piano that it will make sound as long as you slightly touch the key?
Does it have a sustain function?
How many simultaneous key presses does it support?
Can it be played without being connected to the computer? Where does the sound come from?
Is it compatible with garageband for Mac? My mac don't recognise it. Do I need some kind of driver or anything like that?
Recently got this mic.. Getting a lot of hissing noise at all settings, with my canon t3i.. (its connected, green light on). Any settings advice?
If you're trying to record audio from say ~20ft away (ex. - wedding vows recorded from the audience) will this still be effective?
I noticed the shock mount is designed like the Rode Video Mic. Does this mic have the issues with the rubber bands squeaking, like the Rode Video Mic?
Will this properly mount on the Canon Vixia HF model camcorders?
I have a T5 not T5i, will this work on that?
Will this stop the focus sound when recording with the Nikon D5200?
Does this mic work with the nikon d3200
Will this fit a canon eos rebel shoe? Or do I need a cold shoe adapter?
does this mic work with a canon 70D?
Any recommendations on wind screen to use? The one answer was deleted by Amazon. Thanks
Could somebody with no recording experience use this product?
I see USB mentioned but with no USB on an ipad how do you connect to ipad?
Does it work well with with GarageBand on iPad?
Does it do well recording drums
Can you use karaoke tracks for background and record singing?
Is there any difference between this and the scarlet version other than color and ipad compatibility?
Do I need to purchase an additional cable to link to a Windows laptop with a usb connection?
Hi! im a singer and i would like to use the studio and the app but it says coming soon. When will it be out?
Is the quality of the mic good? Is it easy to setup? Is it stirdy?
How exactly does this work on the iPad?
will it work on 3/4 acoustic?
How does the tuner work?
Do you make one for left handed guitar?
Is cdge the only chords it can help you play? What about the other chords? Does it work using a capo
Does the Chord Buddy work on a parlor guitar?
does this fit on a left hanf guitar
Does it fit on a banjo?
I purchased a chord buddy back in November and this darn thing has givien me trouble trying to get it to fit since. Purchased for daughter and sad she can't use it.. Trying to et it to fit on a 38" acoustic GA3810R model guitar also purchased from here...
Is there one available for the classical guitar?
Can the Chord Buddy be used on left hand electric guitar?
can the pulmonica, make you breathe slower, and breathe right, from the diaphram
Can the pulmonica be cleaned or sanitized?
does this item come sealed in any way?
Has anybody used this? Any feedback?
Does anyone know if this is good for strengthening the heart?
Would this perhaps help improve the sound quality when recording a baby grand piano?
will an SM58 mic fit properly in the mic holder?
Am I able to put a pop filter on this?
Does it come with the Microphone?
does it come with that medal clap in mic holder, how in im supposed to hook up my mic
does it come with that medal clap in mic holder, how in im supposed to hook up my mic
How does ARF-27 compare with sound of ARF-32 or SE brand?
Is this one better than the Numark Mixtrack Pro II?
Will this work with an iPad?
How many pa system output does it have?
with dj le, can you use spotify or can you onlu use music that you have downlaoded
How do adjust the volume in the headphones? I noticed no volume control is the pics above.
can you connect a external hard drive and play music from it
How is the sound quality when connecting to the mixer?
What else I need to connect to external speakers, i.e. mixer, etc. Is there another sound controller needed?
Can this work with serato dj?
Is this compatible with the Traktor Pro 2 Software?
Looking at the 712 and 612. I am a musician who also does production. Why would I want to spend the extra money for the 712s? Thanks.
What are the ear cushions made of? I'm concerned of the ear cushions fit as some may hurt my ears or how hard it will clamp onto my head.
Is there a difference between this and the "Reference" version? If so, what are the differences? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00D...
Using AKG K240 Mk II's (55 ohms) off HP jack of my Marantz SR4023 stereo receiver. Will 712's work w my system?
What is the difference betwwen the 702 and 712?
Want these as Reference headphones for making music on desktop. Will I need a DAC? I have a SB X-Fi Titanium card if that helps.
What is the warranty time?
I own AKG K550s, looking at either the K712 or Philips X2 as upgrade. I would like the best neutral sound in your opinion, and most comfortable.
Can they be driven by smart phones or AMP is a must for good SQ?
In the tech info. it says "only bluetooth 2.0". What exactly does that mean?
Does the 2013 generation Supcase have magnets for the auto sleep/awaken feature?
Why does the Supcase come with a reminder card saying to remove the nexus when charging? Is there a problem?
My charging port wore out, is being replaced; I want to use a qi wireless charger from now on. Will a qi charge through the case? Recommendations?
What do you think of the free stylus that is included?
Will this work w/ wireless charger and/or dock charger? Will the tablet fit in dock w/ the case on? If not, how easy to remove the tablet from case?
smell
DId they get the dimensions mixed up with the first generation
Is there some provision in the case, for holding the stylus?
How can this be for the latest 2nd generation? There are reviews dating back several years and the device just came out in July of 13?
does this work with a qi charger?
Has anyone used this for vocals in an R&amp;B band and if so how did it perform?
I don't see a reverb knob- does this not have that?
Can one use three microphones in the front and use fourth one in the back at the same time?
Considering using as a monitor for small school programs. What cable(s) do I need to hook it up to our soundboard? What kind of input for the mics?
Is there a way to mount this on a wall? Also, do you need any additional purchase to mount on a mic stand?
Has anyone tried using a USB mic with this?
What is the best speaker case/bag to put the B207MP3 into to protect it?
Does it have a rechargeable battery built in?
Does this have an output for say headphones?
for more sound, can this monitor-speaker be patched to a Peavy guitar amp?
We have 2 huge Peavey Speakers at Church can this small thing power it up?
is this free voltage? cos ill use this one at 220v.
Can this unit be bridged?
I have 2 Peavey 115h which are rated at 300W at 4 ohms. Will this be enough to power them?
i purchased this item because there was answered that claimed the voltage is switchable between 110-220v, how can i switch it to 240v now?
I have two 15 inch 8 ohms speakers at 350 watts RMS. Would it be more effective to plug in both speakers to the amp or just one and daisy chain them?
Does this have RCA input? I don't see one one the picture,
Do you think this will be enough power for my two 15 inch speakers (8 ohms each) and my two 12 inch subs (8 ohms each)?
1] Rack mountable? 2] Output impedance at rated power?
Does this have a line out for running a monitor in addition to speakers? I have a powered monitor I'd like to use.
I'm looking for speakers for my living room to attach a turntable to. The room is 17'x14', would these be recommended for this?
Is it a one monitor or a pair of them? Thank you.
Could I put it in wall? Will it cause some problem like over heat?
Are these ones suitable for a small room (130ft&sup2; i.e. 12m&sup2;)... or should I buy the 305 model? Thanx...
Looking at these monitors for computer speakers. Will I need any additional items?
How do you connect a pair of them to a laptop and or to each other, then a laptop (3.5mm)
Do they sound good at low volume? Thanks.
Is the $210 a pair price or single speaker price?
Could you use these for broadcasting vocals during a stay-at-home jam session?
How do people typically affix their logo to the microphone cube?
will this work with the ATR2100?
What are the dimensions of the sides of the flag? To add company labels around it
Hello I just ordered this product and want to confirm the foam will be included?
Does this come with a foam insert?
is MR5mk3 5 AC input 220v?
Are these designed to be used one at a time or as a pair?
any suggestion on which media controller to connect these monitors to my computer
PAIR OF MONITORS OR IS ONLY ONE ???
Will these sound better than my Bose Soundock Portable?
is this a sale of the speakers only and I should by the cables to connect to my soundcard or is all together?
these speakers have side, I mean one left and the other one right, or it is indistinct?
Is there an outlet to plug in headphones?
is this a sale of just one speaker or the pair?
What would be the best way to connect two of these to my macbook pro?
Title says "7 Color," but description says " RGB(16 pcs Red,16pcs Green,16pcs Blue" -- I'd call that 3 color. Where are those other 4 colors?
what are the parameters / radius of this light, and can it be on continuously
Does it need to be mounted next to a speaker for the sound activation to work?
how do I plug it in? the cord has two round ends, not a regular plug ????
Will it hold memory in the sound activated mode if i turn it off and turn it back on? What mode will it be on every time i unplug it? Thanks
I am thinking about getting this to cast light on the floor of my dorm room. Would something like this work under a table?
The first one I got didn't light up when I plugged it in. Received another and does same thing. Am I missing something? I thought you just plug in??
How long is the power cord?
does this attach to a lightbulb socket? or is this a standalone item?
is it voice controlled
i bought four of the lights and i want to use them with a dmx controller but how do i get them to communicate with the system?
Can you use a Gobo with this light?
Can you plug it in and have it stay on just one color?
Would this be appropriate for a regular use at a restaurant? Moving around once a week - handle wear and tear?
Can I daisy chain this light from an individual speaker? i.e., I have 2 Mackie Thumper 12" 1000w speakers which have daisy chain capability via XLR...
Does anyone have a DMX table available for this fixture?
I understand these are usable without programming right out of the box, but do they come a DMX cable?
Having trouble getting it to join the DMX universe with rest of stage lights. Trying to set fixture to 3 channel DMX on ch. 9,10,11. Any suggestions?
Does this have a wide throw? Will it give good color wash from 15' above stage?
can i link these to run off one outlet?
How do they lock the string? I didn't see anything to turn.
what is the exact diameter of the hole this tuner fits into?
What is the tuning ratio on these?
are for left or right
Will these work on a PRS McCarty?
the cost $58 is for the the set to 6 Tuners?
the cost $58 is for the set (6 Tuners) ?
Are the posts staggered height? Thanks.
hi - are these the 6 in line, or are the 3 per side????
Hello dear friend, im wondering if this set includes adapter bushings for a mighty mite telecaster neck, the have 13/32" peg holes.
Has anybody ever used this with a regular PC? I'd like to use it for VOIP
The reason is that the build in microphone of my webcam has a lot of noise in the background. Any recommendation?
can I use this mic with an normal sound recorder like Zoom H4 or Tascam DR-05 or other?
Will this work with a ZOOM H4N recorder?
will it connect to a jack or devise that does NOT have a screw in feature?
can this be used with sennheiser digital wireless system RS170 ?
can I use this to mic a small battery powered guitar amp and run it into a pa mixer
Has anyone had issues with this mic and a Sony UTX-B2 UHF synthesized transmitter?
is this a 1/4 or 1/8?
can I plug this directly into a zoom or do I HAVE to use the wireless transmitter?
Will these work with a 9V battery (using a 12V to 9V converter)?
Do these have a chasing setting?
Is the IC 6803 Chip the same as the LPD 8603 chip?
Can these lights be but on a sand buggy and run on a 12 volt system with relay
do I need two 12 volt power supplies to operate my magic dream color strip. I have the strip, controller, remote and 12 volt power supply but I probab
Are these water proof enough for under mount couping for a pool ?
Cut what I needed off the strip but want to use the left over 2 ft, what cables/connectors do I need to connect the extra 2 ft to the remote?
Can you cut these every 3 LEDS?
What type of battery is needed for the RF remote?
Are the connectors on the end of the lights 4-pin?
Does this support +48-volts Phantom Power? One reviewer says it doesn't, but the spec sheet I find just says it supports Phantom Power.
Does this mixer allow you to add in audio and fade it in and out while doing a voice recording?
Can you send the main out to your power amp thru the RCA tape out? So I can use RCA cables that I already own.
Did anyone else purchase this and it not come in a box? Mine came with no box or instructions, just in a plastic bag...
Is the power supply universal? Will it support 220v?
will this power 2 nonpowered speakers?
Would this be suitable for stereo separation to powered individual monitors, or would you recommend something cheaper than this to do the job?
Decision...small Mackie?...or small Yamaha MG.......I shouldn't be particular...but am detailed oriented....any help is appreciated
can I record to a usb flash drive?
I have 2 Bose L1&reg; Compact system speakers. They have built in AMPs, will this mixer take input from an iPod, and output in stereo to the 2 bose?
Are you able to plug these lights into dimmers?
What clamps are needed to put this on a lighting truss?
Do these light flicker when dimmed? When videotaping, some LED lights flicker when dimmed, creating a beating intensity fluctuations in recorded videos.
Will these lights provide enough lighting for a band on a small stage, maybe 16x8 ft?
Is the mega flat pak the same as the mega par profile or are they 2 different models ?
Do I need special equipment to get a pink light, or can I program standalone lights. Anything else needed for uplighting events?
Can these be used to light a boxing ring? How many of them would be needed if they were roughly 7 feet above ring?
how long are the DMX cables included?
What is the maximum throw distance?
How long are the power cables?
Some people say its USB some say XLR I need to know. Which is it? (Please only respond if you've bought it)
What is the connection on the mic, XLR? Would I use female XLR on mic end and male XLR on audio interface end?
What kind of cord does this mic use
ibought the bundle. Where are the cords?
Is this mic USB?????
does it come with ALL the cords and is it usb
I have hooked these units to my DMX controller, but no action. I need the #1 light to address at 161 and the second at 165. What dip swtch settings?
What type of controller do you purchase for these lights?
Once I plug them in, what setting do I use if just plugging in but not to a controllers?
Am I able to plug this in and make it just stay the color pink on the wall? or do I need extra dj equipment? or color shades?
Can this run by battery instead of plugging into the wall?
I have 2 of these, one is 4 channels, and one is 5. Whats the deal with that?
need 12??? availability????
Are these lights dimmable?
hi does anyone know where to find dmx protocal so i can create the fixture on freestyler?
Can they be used separately, we want to use them as up lighting, sitting on the floor all around the room. Is this possible??
can you get white light out of this?
does it require dmx to operate?
If you put this light on a certain setting, unplug it and plug it back in does it keep the same setting or do you have to reprogram it each time?
Can you hang this on a lighting tree and if do I need something to attach it
Can you hear the fan of the TSSS Super Par Rgb when it is on and the music is Off?
do they have linkable power inputs so I can daisy chain power to each of them via the par can or do i have to run separate power to each of them?
Will they work a Chauvet Obey 3?
how far and wide does it project light?
Do these lights charge up, or do they have to be plugged in constantly?
I noticed that it doesn't have a bass pad for the kick. How does that work?
Is it possible to buy an extra pedal to hook up double bass and hihat
Does it come with a usb
I just got this kit as an open box and it did not have a drum key with it. Does it require a special key or will the old standard Ludwig key work ?
also, what is the length of the set...how much space does it take up?
First electric set so two questions: 1. do you have to plug it in to an outlet, does it come wit a cord and cud i use my travis b sticks wit it? thks
Does it works with 220v power supply??
does it have a double bass?
how many hook ups on this, can you add more drum triggers for acoustic?
hi dude that drum set comes with that base or just the pads
how about a 16 year old girl is the size alright for that?
Does t come with a case ?
This is Under the Electric Acoustic, IS this an electric Acoustic? Or just acoustic?
I'm 4 ft 11, 11 years old. I need a new guitar because my old guitar is not good. Would this guitar be good for me? If not what else could I get.
Steel or nylon strings?
this guitar can be used fot adult? or is small?
Is this left hand???
is it USA or import
Could a 12 year old play with this guitar ?
does the prx 735 have a pole mount hole?
Does anybody know the noise floor/fan noise on these units? Is it too distracting to use these at close range at lower volumes? Thanks
Do you get 1 or 2 speakers for $1,145 ?
Is this good for use with digital piano in a decent sized hall that seats about 150? Or, will I need two?
can i play my ipod ipad iphone thru it ? can i play it in my backyard?
can i play my ipod ipad iphone thru it ? Can i play it in my backyard?
can i use this speaker for main front of the house outdoor?
Does This Come in a pair ?
Is the strobe mode more accurate than the needle mode, or is it just a display preference?
Does this pedal require the use of an AC adapter or can it run off of a 9V battery?
Does it come with a power cord?
Does the TC Tuner act as a buffer in the signal chain, similar to Boss TU-2?
Does it have a power output for daisy chaining other pedals?
Where is the company TC electronics from and where is this tuner manufactured?
Can it tune e flat?
Some "True Bypass" tuners cause a "pop" in the PA every time you switch them. Got rid of the PitchBlack for that reason. Any problems with this?
I know the description says retina-scorchingly bright display but can it be seen in direct sunlight?
Can you combine the mode that lets you change the tuning pitch to flat with the "drop d" tuning mode for example if you want to tune to drop C or C#
Hi does this case protect the screen? I just spent a high figure fixing the screen and I like to get a case that will protect it, thank you!
Is the entire case hard plastic, or gel and hard plastic?
will this work with an apple 4G?
Are there grips on the side to help me hold it? I've got fumble-fingers and I can certainly drop things.
Does the case interfere with the rear camera?
Can you use a screen protector with it?
Does it fit a 5s
How do I get it off?
Does this fit the CURRENT 2014 5c iphone? I bought it last week..
is there a screen protector
What is the name of the tripod microphone stand that the bundle comes with?
What version of studio 1 is included in this package?
Will it work with windows 8 ?
What format does it record to? Is it mp3 or wav files? Can it be burned to an audio cd?
does it have midi
What is the length of the XLR cable?
I have a Toshiba Satellite laptop, running Windows 8.1, with the latest Adobe Audition software. Will it work with that?
What version of Studio One is included in this bundle?
Can you connect the microphone to a laptop to record on, please explain.
Does this work on a HP Pavilion 14 Chromebook
Your description has me confused: (3) T-12AX7-S-JJ (1) T-EL84-JJ-MP, which includes: (2) T-EL84-JJ What exactly does the package include?
are these balanced together? - Thanks
this set fits on a laney cub 12r?
Could you please tell me: What is the brand name and where are they made?
I got mine today and it had a lot of noise without the mic even being plugged. Is it defective? Is it just the interface?
Is this audio interface 24bit or 16bit ?
Can we connect it to ipad with lightning socket?
Does this provide enough power to record guitar through 1/4 in cable? (very new to this kind of thing, don't know if I asked correctly)
Does this come with any DAW software? I know there are free ones available online.
If I connect a dynamic microphone as well as a guitar into the audio interface, can the audio be output through computer speakers like an amp?
will this power a microphone that requires phantom power? sorry if this is a dumb question, im new to XLR microphones
Will this work on Avantone Audio CV-12 on a mac? Also any other cables I need to purchase for this to hook up to my computer?
Does this include a usb power cable that goes from the interface to the computer?
I want to connect my PC and keyboard to a device that will clear the noise, amp the signal, and output it through Headphones. is this what i need?
Does this one has speaker in or out port
the technical pro usb/sd recorder ,have remote control?
i buy this mm 2000 when i connec dvd karaoke player to this amplifier but i cant hear nothing .some one help me how to do it thank you
Can you plug a sub woofer into this?
I have a dual speaker of 1200 watts for my PA system. This is for a performance at church. Can I use my one speaker of 1200 watt?
is it 220v
Can I connect macbook pro on this amp
Is the 12 hole alto c legend of Zelda ceramic ocarina sold from Ocarina Wind worth buying? What is the sound quality?
Does it really work and how do you clean it in your opinion?
can you sing the same songs from the game with this, or is this a different from the one in the game?
is it difficult?
Does it require maintenance? Like how to keep it in top condition? For example, cleaning it, or keeping in tune?
do the effects have a control to change the intensity or are they preset. such as reverb, tremolo,
has any one used this 4 jazz?
I notice there is only one input for a footswitch.Is it strickly to change from a clean sound to efx,will it change settings on efx
I needa definitive answer. Does this come with a foot = switch or not? One answer on here says yes and one says no.
are the channels independent of each other? Or, can you plug in two instruments(two guitars) at the same time?
Do both the speakers play at once, can you play them both with the same sound and fxs? Or does on side of the amp play at a time
Is channel 1 of this amp just a plain solid state with no digital emulation just like a 1980's solid state amp?
Would this amp be good for some heavier rock like Black Sabbath or Metallica?
Can this fit into the Squire by Fender "Stop dreaming and Start Playing?"
what size cover would fit a fender champion 100
Where are you getting info on deminsions and weight of this amp? No where close on Fender's site. Thanks.
Does the Treble, Bass, FX Level and FX Select controls work with Channel 1, or only Channel 2? Does the 40 handle pedals well, or is the 100 better?
Built-in Tuner?
How many dB is this amp?
is the hiss normal? even before plugging guitar in
can you plug in a mic for vocals and guitar at the same time?
Does this amp have input(s) for a rhythm machine for accompaniment while playing guitar through the amp?
Can you hook up a mic to this for vocals? Use vocals same time that instrument is plugged in?
can i plug 2 instruments at the same time?
send to Brazil?
Does this have a tuner built into it?
is this a large body guitar? I'm a petite girl and I'm looking for something comfortable
What is the appropriate size case to order for this guitar? Dreadnought or cutaway or something else?
Does this guitar have a plug in?
Where is this guitar manufactured? What type of warranty does it have? How does it compare to Martin, Teton or Seagull?
The picture shows a mahogany top, but the description says natural. Which is it?
What cheap hard case is suitable for this guitar? It seems as if they are all to small for the size of this guitar
what size is speaker ?
How many watts is it?
is the power cord?
I have an acoustic/electric guitar, is this amp clean enough for it? I am interested in the delay, reverb and chorus effects.
Should I get this or Fender Mustang 20w vi? Can I plug keboard into Aux or MP3 without any effects while guitar has selected effects?
Can anyone suggest some settings for a country or bluegrass sound?
What function does the tap button perform? Thanks!
will this amp work for Accordians?
Can the amp use 220v power?
Is this amp like a mini amp?
Does it have bluetooth conectivity? Not mentioned in the specs.
how are the subwoofers on these?
How is it different from pyle psufm1035a ? is it better ?
Just bought it and it buzzes even when volume is all the way down and no music is coming out. Is there a trick I am missing?
How tall is it?
can i run 2 of theses at the same time for home stereo
Is an amp needed to run 2 of these?
I need a speaker for djing a small highschool dance of about 150 people... Will this do the trick?
Can somebody tell me how to hook up a laptop to this speaker. Have tried different cables and havent had any luck. Thanks in advance.
Does anyone know if theres a video online somewhere of this product? ive searched a little and couldnt find any?
what do these speakers weigh?
No Remote Control ?!
Is the usb port just for charging or i can play songs from it?
Can the flashing lights be disabled?
The wire that hooks the passive to active speaker is too short. I need it longer. Can I use regular speaker wire?
If I hook a mix/fader board into it using a RCA(red/white) cord would I be able to use two(2) laptops on this?
Hi! Anybody who bought these speakers to connect them to a keyboard? Any shared experience is greatly appreciated.
is that the price for one or two ?
Can we use mic and aux simultaneously
What kind of mic to set up with these?
Does anyone know how to connect this to a mixer?
is this item has bluetooth connection?
Does this cabinet have a stand mount on the bottom?
i can not hear anything neither the radio, the manual does not say much,please help!!?
can you plug up to labtop or desktop
the rca input in the back, the left channel is not working, only the right channel is working why?
are the lights supposed to automatically come on when you turn music on
are this speakers powered
How would these work as outside speakers for a drive in theatre? Can the lights be turned off? Desription say's yes, reviews say no.
can i play guitar on it?
Can I play my iPod nana on it
Can this be hooked up to a laptop to play karaoke program?
Can a keyboard be hooked up to this unit
How do you charge it?
Plan to have a small gathering outside the house with 50 people invited, will this work?
Is this loud enough for a small party outside the house?
where is the speaker stand mount located..
How long the battery last
What is the height of this speaker from floor to top
can you use it while its charging
How much snow time do you have before having to refill the tank?
How loud is it compared to a gas-powered leaf-blower? Would you run it at night or early morning without waking the neighbor?
What is the tank capacity?
Is this device DMX 512 controllable?
my snow pro is not producing snow, any ideas?
Does the automatic timer controller work with this unit
Does the "snow" leave any sort of residue on the ground? Could it damage carpet or create a slip hazard? Trying to use at a rented facility.
How long does the snow last on the ground? I'm guessing we'll be using it when it's about 35-50 degrees outside.
Can you use it make fog?
Can this be set on a timer so that it goes on and off so that the fluid lasts longer? (Example, can I set it to go on for 5 minutes every 15 minutes?)
Is this the real esp ltd ec1000 vb, or is it a junior model of some sort? How is it that this bundle is less than the guitar by itself?
Is this a full scale version of this guitar?
maybe it is a silly question but... what means "JB" in the title? (ESP EC JB-EC-1000-VB-KIT-2)
Can I use it on Android?
So, if I want to use it with a laptop and the program called camtasia, what do I need?
Thanks for the reviews! Now I'm a bit confused - I'm very happy with the video that my iPhone 5s takes, but I'm just looking for a mic that will allow me to do an interview video with a person standing several feet away. Do I need to install an...
What if i don't own a smart phone? what other devices is it compatible with?
What MP3 audio recording quality (kbps) does it record?
Could I use this on my Android to make voice sound better on ordinary dial-out phone calls? I am not concerned about the earpiece for this one project
I only want to record the audio from my talent, not the background noise. What is the range of this mic? Does it pickup noise from the cord?
Will this work with an iPod? How do you pull it from the iPod to the computer? Ill be filming with my S5 and recording the audio with this on my iPod.
Will this be compatible with the iPhone 6?
Does the item come in pair or single?
Can someone measure their Rokit 6 g3's for me? Amazon says "Product Dimensions: 17 x 12 x 14 inches" but they don't look that big. Thanks in advance
Are any cables included in box? Or is it just the monitor and its documentation?
What is the exact width of the speaker itself?
We have bose speakers, but need a monitor so the musicians can hear themselves. Would this work?
It looks like there is only one left for sale. Will you be getting any more in?
Any diff btw purchasing 2 units vs 1 pair? Will the "pair" be more acoustically matched by the manufacturer? Or I'm thinking too much...?
size
Can you spec the exact cables I need to plug and play two of these into my computer? I am not too tech savvy.
Can I hook this up to both my computer and my interface at the same time? Can I plug in two inputs so I don't have to keep switching connections?
I hear what sounds like some type of static like fm type noise when i turn both my speakers up past -30db in volume??
does it come with power card?
Hi, I want to use these speakers for my keyboard Nord Piano 2. Will it work/sound good?
I play rocksmith with a friend as the bass player connected to my PC. Would these speakers need a subwoofer attached for moderate to light volume?
It comes with a pair or just single one speaker?
Silly question; can you plug in a synth to a pair of these speakers?
I'm using a 1/4" (computer) to RCA (speaker), but there's a loud humming sound underneath the music/audio. How can I eliminate this?
Can I use this with a Pono player? What do I need to connect it?
what is the differance in SMSS 5050 and 3528 ? can they be linked together?
does this come with a driver.do you have connectors?
When I press the "w" button, it turns into a multi-colored light strip. Is it supposed to turn all white?
can i join several light strips toguether so it can be 10 meters or 15 or 20 meters?
Will it convert .BR5 files to mp3?
I thank you all for your responses to my WMA question. I purchased the software and it works great on the WMA files, but not with CDAs, any ideas?
can i rip music from a dvd of the crossroad concert to my music w8.1
How do you use this thing? I want to convert from MP3 to WMA. Instructions are really obtuse.
Does it need to be registered to work? Is there a limit on how many computers it can be installed?
Can this create an MP3 file from a youtube URL?
Does it convert long mp4 (YouTube) files? Does it allow you to convert several mp4 files at once
After recording an LP or studio recording can I break it up into separate tracks and name them individually?
2 Questions: Can this convert ITunes M4P to MP3? Is there a length limit per audio track? Free converters only go 3 minutes.
Will it convert a wave format SD card to MP3
Can I connect a Guitar and a Mic to Mixer, and Mixer to Looper, and Looper to Amp to loop both instruments? Thanks!
Anyone know if it's better than the Hotone Wally, Not sure what one to get Thanks.
Does the DigiTech JamMan Express XT retain your recording in memory when you turn it off or disconnect it from the power source?
Are there any special chords or power adapters I will need to purchase along with this to make it work or is it all included?
How long will the looper run on an alkaline battery?
I was told NOT to buy the Ditto Looper because you have to manually synchronize added tracks with the stomp button. Same problem here?
Can someone get really basic. How is this thing set up, i presume it plugs into an amp and a guitar, but are two channels needed for stereo, etc.
is it easy to chang the 9V battery? I can't find the space where to fit the battery in the picture shown. Can it be support to the headphone output?
Why is my JamMan Express plugged into my brand new planet waves 9volt adapter and I have no power? Yes everything is plugged in right.
I just recently bought this, and when I start it it flashes through the LEDs and won't record or anything, is there any setup that I missed?
Are there USB and/or MIDI ports?
does this model have a built in metronome
Do your keys make a "clicking" sound when played
Is it same with the Casio PX150? Is it also 88 keys, weighted scaled hammer action...etc?
Is this Casio Privia PX-150? Why the Item model number is different( PX150CSU)? What means 'CSU'?
I think the pitcure in this page is not PX150. I bought this item just now, is this PX150 for sure?
what comes with it?
What is the shipping package size..one or two boxes ???
Is there a TS cable line output? The connections image doesn't show one.
Does the logo on these light up?
so do I have to purchase a amplifier separate to use these speakers?
If both are its own power source how would one corded mike be uused for both speakers
would connecting cordless mikes to these be a diffacult job
Will they hold to 6 to 8 hrs of nonstop music
Do I need a mixer to get these to work as a backyard theater system or can I just run an AV cable to each for each channel?
Do you have to plug both left and right to a power source, and my mixer?
how do you connect all the cables? like where each one of them goes? I need help
Can this be used to control MIDI for a Korg Volca from a USB-only MIDI controller (like the Korg MicroKey, which has no MIDI plug).
Does it function with any 30-pin to USB cable, or only the provided one?
can you use it, with 2 midi controllers simultaneously, and send both signals into a computer?
Could I use this device to connect 1 iPad (running a midi controller app) to 2 amps that each have midi "in" ports for receiving settings? I would want to be able to switch from one amp to another in order to send different settings to each.
Does this work with Sampletank on Ipod 4? thanks!
Does it come with a lightning cable?
So, it does not come with any cables? How about the power supply?
Hello,I have a 15 yr old son who is obsessed with being a dj. Would this be a good item to learn and grow with? What all would he need to add to this?
If I buy this controller, will I still need to purchase the FULL version of Traktor Pro 2 which is $99 or does it already come with the program?
Are this s4 mk2 komming with traktor pro 2
The picture shown is not the new Traktor Kontrol S4 MK2 but actually of the original Kontrol S4, how do I verify that I will get new S4 MK2?
A couple questions: Works with Windows and not just iOS correct? Also, am I able to save the mixes I create with this?
can anyone recommend a cable to connect an f1 to this
I'm considering getting this, how does Traktor PRO 2 software compare to serato?
How is it that the Kontrol S4 has higher ratings than the supposedly upgraded S8? Is the S4 actually better?
What is the warranty on the board? My son got it as a gift 4 months ago and it is not functioning or making sound correctly
Could I make new music on here like new pop music?
I read the black version has the breathy high note issue. Is this really the version that you fix the high note problem?
Will you have the black one in stock again soon? I'm really looking forward to getting one
Where is this ocarina manufactured?
Is the correct stand that fits this keyboard being supplied now. Too many complaints about wrong stand.
I've read the reviews and it seems the stand was wrong for a majority of the keyboards. Has this issue been fixed?
Does this keyboard transpose?
Are the keys weighted?
Description says this keyboard have touch response, is that same as touch sensitive? also I've read some comments here about the keyboard not being touch sensitive so.. I just want to know if touch response is the same as touch sensitive and if this...
are the keys weighted?
how can you record your music?
can the stand be adjusted to work
looking for a better sound than the kind from dicount stores. quality organ sound and sustain is what I am looking for. I have a keyboard need an upg
Are you able to plug in a sustain pedal which obviously would be bought separately, and if so does it need to be a certain kind?
Is there a music/book holder as part of this keyboard? If one has to be bought, which one is best?
Is this Yamaha keyboard touch sensitive?
Are the Keys Weighted?
Are the keys full size?
Do the headphones have good sound quality?
how many keys does it have?
how many different instruments can it sound like and how close are the sounds to real
Is this good keyboard for beginner? And see couple people gave one star cause stand didn't fit is this the case for everyone?
The stand does not fit the keyboard and there is no way to secure the stand to the keyboard. can I get replacement stand?
Can you play chords?
What cable do I need , my amp takes 1/4"
Can I plug it into my amp?
How does it sound through a good PA?
what power supply can you use with it?
,not work, Korg KR mini Rhythm Machine
Can you combine rhythms for several measures and then place fills, and/or other rhythms in the song for a certain number of measures and then go back
Can it save my user created patterns for later use?
Is there any easy way to use the second footswitch to trigger one of the two fills?
Is the power cord included?
does it have a midi imput
The dimensions given for this piano are 40"X20"X15". Is the 40" the height? 20" the length? 15" the depth? What are the dimensions of the bench?
is there a way to plug in earphones? I'd like to get this for my granddaughter, but it might drive her parents crazy. She would love it.
Is the small knob at the side volume?
Does it come with the adapter to power it?
Are the keys weighted?
Does it have weighted keys?
Is there any standard warranty that comes with the purchase at no additional cost?
Can it be plugged in or does it only use batteries
Will this be in stock in time for Christmas?
Is the fog very misty/ wet to the touch? I am trying to use this to analyze airflow patterns instead of tracer smoke which is quite exp.
I need to be able to have it give small bursts of fog every so often. Will it do fog on demand?
I turned it on for the first time, and nothing is coming out. It is just making a very loud noise. What's wrong?
Can this be connected to a timer?
what kind of fog juice works?
Does the fog have a nice effect and/or glowing effect under black light?
I only need for a very small area, does it have to run a 30 second cycle pushing out fog or can I turn it off say after 10 seconds of producing fog?
Can I use this indoors or will it make the fire alarm go off?
Does this machine get very hot?
Do you get good rebound or do you have to make the rebound happen yourself.
Can you easily mix external audio (e.g., from your cell phone or mp3 player headphone jack) with the aerodrum sounds to play along with music?
i'm curious to know you must have the playstation camera for it to work properly?
Can it be used as a VSTi controller via MIDI?
Can I add octobans? Chinas? Or whatever drum or cymbal I want?
I wonder what would happen if my Hard Drive crashes and I have to reinstall the software, could I use the same SN to install it?
Is it possible to trigger the bell of a ride cymbal? (for instance, play alternating between the bell and the boll/rim parts of a cymbal)
Hi, i'm very interested, i want to know if you ship to colombia and if it has extra cost? and how long it takes. thank you, and very awesome invention
GEEZER I have a Compaq is that ok?
Is it possible to use this in conjunction with a practice pad? I'm really interested in these but would like to have precision for snare work
Can it accomodate a 49 key keyboard?
Will this work with the psr e403?
We have a Yamaha PSR-e223. Is this stand and bench compatible with our model? Also, do you sell an attachment to hold up sheet music?
I have a Casio LK 165 Keyboard..it has 61 keys..will this stand work?
Do we have to assemble ourselves
does the kit include a power supply that can be connected directly to 120V AC outlet? Can the remote make all LED "bulb" give yellow lights?
If you needed more then 16.4 ft, is there a way to hook up more then one to each other, and they all work together, for all the way around the house?
can this be hooked up to subs to flash with the subs
Can you please tell me how long in feet this light strip is?
Do the cymbals have choke and the pads are dual zone, like the dm7x 6 piece?
Does this kit have the issue of the hi-hat triggering a rimshot like the DM6 does?
What is the dimention of the manufacturer's box that this set comes in?
Picture shows a base pedal. Does it con=me with the kit?
Does this come with everything needed for everything to work? Would I have to buy something for the kick or does it work? I'm new to this.
SO just to clarify there is a midi in/out as well as usb.? The DM6 had a usb/midi and was not what I was looking for.
What is the footprint of this set up? How much space do I need?
The picture doesnt show the kick pad. is the bass kick mallet the only thing included? when you play it simply swings in air?
Do all the drums (especially the kick) have dynamics? I had a another set that only had soft medium and hard sounds, this was maddening.
An honest opinion of the product from someone who has owned the kit for a while?
Where was the guitar manufactured?
Shipping to Germany ????????????????????
Is there a humbucker route under the pickguard for the neck pickup?
. I would like to ABKCO Music &amp; Records and Beggars Banquet Fender guitar package buy question as I live in Germany they only offer shipping to U.S. r
Send it ... even after Germany what must I do?
Do you ship to Hamburg, Germany (will pay in advance...)????
Why spend 700 dollars on a 350 dollar guitar for graphics?? couldnt you just buy a cheaper tele or even squier and get a custom paint job done on it?
Why dont you ship to Norway?
Do you ship to Germany?
How many are in stock?
this is bluetooth for cellphones
does it connect by bluetooth to the phone then play the music
how long did it take to get ?
can you skip songs
where can i get instrustions
does it play music
the Blue Sport Wireless Earphones Headphones Music Mp3 includes memory card? or i will buy memory card in addition?
Anyone get one without an instruction sheet? Mine came and I can't figure out how to tune in FM stations.
What service to you use to ship this keyboard?
What are the dimensions of the box it is shipped in?
Is the bench part of the bundle ?
What about power adapter etc.
how heavy is the piano
can this item be shipped by ups or fedex?
do you offer any warrranty?
CAN and HOW do you turn off the touch control on the middle knobs? i dont know what one to get...NS7 ll or DDJ SX ? its driving me mad,i cant decide....money is burning a hole in my pocket... :-)
does this come with the software
Is it the same measurements as the Numark NS7?
I had the ns7 and all the pads and buttons for cues and loops had issues cuz of numark's cheap adhessive. any similar issues?
I had the ns7 and all the pads and buttons for cues and loops had issues cuz of numark's cheap adhessive. any similar issues?
what do the included vinyl records actually have stamped on them? has anyone played one in a standard deck yet?
Can you do live sample recording and quick assign them to the MPC pads? or is it all pre-configured in the software before you start your set?
will this sub rock? how is the power if pushing two top 15s
Does it filter sateliites out? If so can the filtered outs be used with powered speakers?
I have a powerd Mixer playing 2 15's for a deeper sound would this powered sub woofer work?
I have two 15 inch radioshack passive speakers can i hook them up to the back of the subwoofer and not have a problem with blowing my amp inside of it
should I buy this sub.....honest opinion
Can I use a power amp with this sub?
I have a pair of Peavy Speakers connected to an amp for a small music team. Can we just connect this right into one of the speakers for more bass?
What's the difference between the output and satellite output connections?
can this be used with mackie powered th15's
Is this speaker self powered or do you need a amp?
Does this work with iPad Air 2? Has anyone actually used with the Air 2?
will this fit 1st generation ipad?
Will this secure my iPad mini with Retina Display?
Does this work with ipad air 2? the new ipad air 2 is thinner than the first gen ipad air
Would this survive if used on a 20ft boat at sea? My plan is to put Ipad in a zip lock bag and use this to hold secure at the center console on a rail
will this also screw onto a tripod instead of clamping it?
Will this fit the latest iPad (iPad Air 2)?
How long is the extension bar? Can I attach this to the headrest of a car?
Can I leave my cover on while using this ipad holder? If so, will I be able to close it?
Will this fit a new iPad Air 2? If not, are there new clips that will fit the iPad Air 2?
Can anyone tell me approx. what size of floor space this would take when sitting at it. I have a small room it would need to go in.
how do you access 200 sounds via an external midi source? how is that done? thanks
Can it be played in church
What is the weight of all items in a package?, the total weight. Because, I am from Guatemala. I need it in Miami, and the carrier charges me for pounds. I need to calculate the cost. Tnks.
is it wireless
Does this come with a seat
Does this come with a seat
Is there a way to turn off the flashing LED lights when you are playing?
How is the unit powered, by batteries or does it have an adapter?
Can you do a drum roll with this?
Is the guitar manufactured in the US correct ?
dose this insterment come with a case?
Does this price include the hardshell case??
Is the LiveMIC compatible with a Bose Soundlink Mini speaker?
I have the Clear Sounds Connect 360 System with the Quattro Bluetooth. Is this compatible?
I want to stand in one room and speak so that the actor in the next room, who is forgetting his lines, can hear me through an ear piece. Doable?
Can the LiveMIC be paired with Phonak ComPilot and worn by my wife at 10 feet or less to allow me to hear her voice through my hearing aids?
Can I use the mic with my Big Blue Bluetooth speaker for public speaking?
I'm a truck driver and unable to attend my wife's band rehearsals.. she has an iphone 5 ..can this pair with her phone and then call me and I can listen to the band ?
Can I pair it with my Creative Woof 2 Bluetooth speaker for classroom teaching?
Can I put this unite in front of my tv and bluetooth to my hearing aids and get an improved sound?
would this mic work with an bem bluetooth speaker? College Mobile Speaker http://www.bemwireless.com/
Can someone help me get this to link to Auvio 1000 speakers? I can't get it to link.
I'm trying to learn music from scratch and i want this item for practicin/learning. Should i get this one or the Launchpad Mini?
Are the pads velocity and/or pressure sensitive? If so, how well do they respond, like for use as a finger-tappable drum instrument controller?
what is the purpose of this?
13 x 13 x 3 inches? That's got to be incorrect: that's quite a bit larger than a launchpad S
Does this have built-in speakers?
Does it store the samples in it or only trigger them? In other words, without a computer connected, is it a useless paperweight?
Does anyone make an equivalent trigger pad thing that can be used standalone after loading it with samples from a computer?
It says "totally bus powered." Does that mean it has to be powered from computer--can't be plugged into wall or run on batteries?
Is this compatible with a laptop?
Does this thing have any value without a computer? Can I take a mic and record samples into it? A synth? Is it MIDI input only or also 1/4 jack?
How many tomatoes can you stack on top of the Launchkey before they topple over?
Do I need to hook this up with a computer to make it work or can I just hook up speakers and have work with all of it's sounds just like that?
Are the 25 keys velocity sensitive too?
looking at buying something similar to this to plug into my kaossilators. but have never used a keyboard. is this good for amateurs to learn on?
also will it work with windows 7?
Does it work with Reaper?
With one power connection--can this be powered by an iPOD or iPhone (lightning in/out)? (running Camel Alchemy).
Does it come with Ableton Lite version 9 or is it the older version 8?
What's the version of the included Ableton Live Lite?
i&Acirc;&acute;m looking a MIdi portable to make music at home. I was thinkin in this or the Akai Mini MKII 25-Key; which is better?
Does this work with WINDOWS 8?
What percentage can you pitch bend with the ddj sr? Can't seem to find the answer anywhere on the internet
Does this controller come with Serato software?
can you record with this? thanks :)
hi ,,, what about volage 120 or 220 volte becouse i live in sudia arabia we have just 220v ,,,, many thanx 4 all
Is this USB compatible?
does it have a better head phone volume than the wego and other bus powerd controllers by pioneer?
Hey there! i was wondering if you can ship to Greece. (?)
Is this controller compatible with MAC OSX Mavericks 10.9.3?
Hi, will this controller be compatible with New Zealand voltage/wattage? Could it be used in New Zealand with no converter/controller? Thanks
Does this amplifier come with a power chord?
Can it be used to practice bass guitar at low volume?
my husband plays lead guitar would this amp work for him
Can i use this with my vocal looper? It is the same as a guitar looper, only i use it for my voice. Would i be able to hear it clearly?
Is this AC or DC powered? Is there any way anyone can see to power this from say, a 12v portable battery? What are the power requirements? Thanks.
How long is the power cord?
can you get a nice jazz sound from this?
does it come with an instrument cable, if not what size do I need
Do you think that if you turned up the volume enough, it would work for playing with drums. In a basement?
.but if i want to know if you have any used with a microphone , we have a special group of children playing instruments percussion and sing me a littl
Does this use batteries or does it plug into the wall?
is this dual voltage (as in can it be used in the states with 110v outlets and in europe with 220v outlets and a plug adapter)
can i use it with a bass
Does this have an inbuilt battery that it can use if I want to play where there is no power source?
Can this amp be used with a theremin?
Dows it comes with power chords?
Will this work with an acoustic electric guitar and is this a good first Amp?
can this be used with a microphone?
I just bought this for synthesizer, I.e Roland. How do I need to power this speaker?
will this work with windows 7 and amd a6 with 1.4 ghz processor?
If you had a iphone connected to the wego 2 could you have it also connected to a bluetooth speaker.
It can be used on any tablet with android 4.4 system?
Can a summing Galaxy tab 4 be used with it as the software compatible with it is on play store for android and if can you just plug a Samsung usb in
is this compatible with windows
It is compatible with iOS 8 ?
Can this be used on Samsung Galaxy Tab3?
can i use the wego 2 on a laptop or mac or windows 8 or 7
Hello. I bought a Wego 2, but when is conected to an iphone 5 or mini Ipad, appears and strange noise. What can be the problem?
Is the jog wheel of the wego2 smaller than the wego1 ?
Will this work with an Android-based tablet?
is this models works for new ipad with DJC-WEKAI?
is this a brand new unit? and whats my waranty
Do you need a splitting cable in order to preview tracks or is this feature built into the controller? Thank you.
Does the WEGO2 work with the IPad Mini?
Whenever I load a track on the Djay 2 app, a really loud ticking/clicking sound is heard. How do I fix this?
Anyone have speakers that are sure to work with this controller. I don't know much about this so a specific brand that is compatible would be helpful
Does it work with Serato ???
does this come with software
can be used at 220v?
Do you get everything in the download version as in the DVD version? All the extra sound, etc?
Does this product have a staff view in the midi editor?
Do you have to have a live internet connection to use the software? Or can you download the disc and use without internet?
Can it be downloaded to more than one computer? When i looked at some reviews of this product some said you could not.
CAN this progam record audio and burn a cd instantly?
can this software be used with akai mini mpk2 midi keyboard and can you import mp3 files and wav files to sample
How long does it take to upload your cd to your computer?
All i got to do is upload this software? No other gadgets needed?
I wat to write songs, with MY OWN vocals. Will this program record all my vocals? Yes, I am VERY new to this. Will it let me burn to a CD?
What kind of power supply do I need to get with this pedal?
Do I have to have an iphone to use this TonePrint program?
When turned off does it revert back to the hall reverb preset? Or does it keep the last tone print loaded in?
does it have a power source?
Do you have to use the TonePrint app to change reverb settings, or is there another way to do it manually?
What cable do I need for I pad air?
Does it work with JamUP Pro?
Can I listen using my iPad's built-in speaker, i.e. instead of connecting external speakers through the Ipad's headphone jack?
Does it work with Ampkit?
Can I plug a mic into this.
Trying to use Irig + garageband , ipad internal microphone picks up every sound , even breathing. Any experience on Irig +guitar +ipad to fix this?
Does this work with Windows 7?
can I charge my iphone while using iRig HD?
Is there a stand or brace that can (temporarily) attach the iRig to an iPhone or iPad?
Does it work without internet connection with the apps? Thanks.
Is this software compatible with Windows for Mac computers?
Does this boxed version come with a printed manual or just the disk?
Can you record with this software?
Is this compatible with Windows 7 and 8?
Is this compatable with my 32-bit plug-ins?
Can I plug in my guitar?
Will this version operate under Windows XP?
What are the PC system requirements for Cakewalk Sonar x3?
Hi i would love to kno if this software's a dvd rom or an downloadable item . thx
when i press "record" my midi track goes mute. How can i listen to my midi track when recording?
is the battery rechargeable
I have an LG soundbar connected directly to my Smart TV via optical. How is the setup for this? HDMI goes to the TV I suppose and would that suffice?
Does the set require a separate amplifier and speakers, or does it work well just through a stereo HD TV?
In the Wow Videoke site aside of 5,157 songs it says : With Free 2,120 songs* or a savings of $500! Is this included if i order here in Amazon?
Do you need and hd tv for this videoke
Is the Grand Karaoke compatible with any TV I have purchased from the U.S.?
is there an equalizer for the bass? I usually buy the Enter Tech which sounds so great..Tried this karaoke this morning but sounds bad.
grand video voice delay
Where can I find the song selections. I'm Filipino but don't sing Tagalog songs. I love the songs from the oldies. I'm in my 50's...lovey singing
what is OPM hits means?
If I'm using my phone as the music player, do I need an amplifier or DAC or both?
i want to know where the headphone made !tx
How large is the carrying case? Is it too bulky to travel easily?
Can you buy an accessory cable that has an inline mic (for gaming)?
When did the price go up from 499 to 624?
My kitchen is 24ft length. I want to have the lights under the cabinets. I need two sets of the LED Sylvania Mosaic. My question: Do I need one or two A/C adapters and controllers for the whole 25ft operation. Thank you
Has anyone gone beyond the recommended 20'? We have 20' set up now, but would really like to extend it to 24', but not sure how it will handle load.
how do you stop them from flashing on and off and remain continuously on.?
can you cut these to any length &amp; add to each strip
I installed my new lights and they seemed to work fine for about 2 weeks. One morning we woke up and the lights were on in strobe mode...thought that
How about inside the inner ceiling of a screened porch - fan manufacturers call it "damp" service. Love the strips. Not worried about adhesive
Is the 12ft section 1piece or 6 2ft sections thx
if you cut these lights at the obvious, 'cut' line, can you turn a corner or extend them? Or does the cut become a dead end?
Can these lights be used outdoors around a deck?
Is the white light warm white (yellow) or cool white (blue)?
can this play mp3
Hi. What is the input power voltage and frequency(110V or 220/230V; 50 or 60 Hz)?
Could I connect this directly to my turntable with a preamp? Or do I need to get a receiver as well?
Would these work with a 16ohm amplifier?
What would be some good wires to make it work with my macbook air? I'm doing EDM mixing. I'm new to this wire thing...thanks
Would it be ok to use these as regular computer speakers when not using for mixing, like to play net radio, or would that be bad for them?
Are these monitors magnetically shielded?
How tall do they stand?
I have an Alesis Multimix 8, which has a few outputs: 2-channel RCA &amp; 2 channel 1/4". I'm not sure what cable to use with this. Any recommendations?
Do I need to interconnect these monitors to each other?
Does it work on 220V?
does it come with power cables?
Hi there! Are u doing free shipping to New Zealand??thanks
Hi there! Are u doing free shiping
hello these are midfield monitors? serve to mix? frequency is 35 Hz-35kHz, I'll need a subwoofer with these monitors?
How do you setup a mixer going to these speakers? I'm trying to setup a computer karaoke. Will this work? Any advise is greatly appreciated.
Do these come with the wires needed to connect to my computer monitor?
hoW can i connect this to my receiver?
i have placed my order over two weeks ago, amazon states it would be here by 11/15 please let me know when they will arrive.
Help! Getting this for son's present. What else do I need other than cymbals, drumsticks, headphones,throne?
Does it come with a cymbal and hi hat? It mentions the stand only.
How heavy is it?
Compare this set to Pearl EX725SPC Export Kit, which one is a better one?
Does this set comes inside of One or two Boxes? Is the box strong enough to I put it inside of a airplane and travel to another country?
does it come with a throne
Does this kit come with any cymbals?
I don't see this line of drums on the Pearl website. Is this a knockoff or something?
I have an Epiphone Hummingbird pro. Will if fit in this case?
Is this strong enough to check as luggage with an airline? Am better off with this or a Yamaha HC-AG1 Hardshell Vinyl? Weight of either?
Will a grand auditorium guitar fit this case?
will this fit a D45 Martin?
is this for the oscar schmidt full sized dreadnought acoustic guitar?
my guitar size is 41 x 16 x 5 inches. would that fit into this bag?
I have an Epiphone DR-100 that measures 42x18.5 x 5.5. this case measures 42.8 x 16 x 5.8. That seems like a tight fit. Do you believe it will fit?
Does it fit a Fender CF-100 CE with no much room? the dimensions are: 39.5 x 14.5 x 4
Would this case fit Fender T-Bucket 300CE Cutaway Acoustic-Electric Guitar?
Who manufactures the pedal?
What are the dimensions???
what country is this manufactured in?
is this also a midi controller?
Would you recommend this for a beginner?
Does this work in live situations, and are the keys weighted?
Does the black version has the same functionality as the white version? Or is there any sort of differences?
Do the headphone out and main out transmit audio simultaneously, or does plugging in a set of headphones kill the main out?
Will I need any software to run this, or can plug it into an amp straight out of the box and play?
What are the dimensions?
Could this be connected to a 4/6/8 track recorder like a guitar would be? (to a tascam dp-006 digital portastudio 6-track for instance)
can a guitar be pugged into this?
Could I plug an alesis vortex midi keytar into the usb midi in/out of the microbrute to play/control the microbrute through it?
Has anyone gotten a replacement cable from ChromaCast recently, like in 2015? Amazon and DPS say "out of stock", and no response from ChromaCast.
what is included in this article?
what is included in this article?
do you like the speed and action of the foot pedal? Is it reactive and fast or sluggish?
How long is the cable?
Can Multi Q hold Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 2014 Edition? If no, when will it be available?
It can hold my samsung Galaxy Note 3 (Smart phone) as well as Galaxy Note 10.1 2014 edition?
Do sell additional adhesive so the pads can be attached on 2 different guitars?
once you attach the adhesive is it permanant? and if removed does it ruin the guitar finish?
Can it play full chords ?
Does this keyboard suit any kind of earphone? Cause I wanna use iPhone earphone, could it work?
hi, can use only with USB? is not necesary batteries?
Will it perform as an organ, harpsichord or other keyboard instruments?
Would it connect to an android tablet like a Galaxy Note?
Can this be connected to an iPad?
Are the keys full-sized?
are the black keys raised?
Does a carrying case or bag come with this?
Can this operate on batteries as well?
Does this have a music-activated mode that changes colors and patterns based on the music beat of a live band?
Do you know if these lights are compatible with an Elation Lighting Controller?
is this waterproof? Will rain kill the light?
can one color stay on all the time
Will this unit work with a DMX 3 channel controller?
Can I use this standalone without any DMX controller and it change with the music beat?
Are these lights smoothly dimmable as well as color selectable?
What is the equivalent incandescent light wattage of these LED lights? The answer given on Nov 4 was insufficient.
With music activated mode are color change / speed settings available without dmx?
does it includes any kind of controller to change colors? I mean how is the way to change colors or if it includes some kind of board , I think I saw one that has a controller behind it.
Will this work with 12V AC?
How many watts per foot? The quotation of 9W (in response to other, earlier questions) for the entire 16.4' length seems way too low.
Dumb question...I bought these because they're "plug and play" but they didn't come with anything to plug into. What adapter is needed? Thanks!
what color tempature are these "warm" white lights?
What is the lumen rating on this strip?
Is the width of these strips 8mm?
Do I need a 150w or 300w magnetic transformer and Lutron's low-voltage magnetic dimmer to control 3 of these light strips?
I had an outlet installed inside my cabinets with a dimmer switch on the wall. What is the best transformer to use with this plug..3 rolls of lights?
i need to attache led light
What mm size is the adapter? I am looking at buying "100V - 240V to DC 12V 6A Switching Power Supply Adapter for LED strip Light 2.1mm"
any recommendations on good ipad apps to use with this keyboard for leaning piano?
Does the sound come from the attached device, such as the iPad? Or do you have to attach or Bluetooth to speakers?
What are the dimensions in inches?
What is the actual weight of this PRO version keyboard (device only, not box or packaging) Thanks! PS: if you don't know, pls don't post an answer...
What are the actual shipping dimensions. Those listed do not look correct (162.5 x 57.2 x 12.7 inches?)
Can you use it with Garage Band?
1: What would it take to make this wireless? 2: Would it be possible to screw guitar strap buttons into the sides (nearer the player)?
does this work with logic pro x
does it include sample tank ?
Does this come with the hardware to hook up to iPad 3?
Does this stand work with a Blue Snowball?
I have a mic with a mount, can I detatch the the mic mount that is on the stand and put on the mount that came with the mic?
What does the knob in the middle do? The top knob works (twist left=loosen, twist right=tight). But the middle knob doesn't do anything?
Will the Samson sp01 spider shock mount work with the stand
Will this fit a Audio Technica 2020?
Why does the mic clip not even work with this stand? The part that you screw any mic mount onto is way too small to fit anything I have
I have a audio technica 4033cl with shock mount, Does This stand works with my 4033cl?
I have a audio technica 4033cl with shock mount, Does This stand works with my 4033cl?
does it come a mic?
do we need a shock mount for it to put a blue snowball or just attach it to the stand?
How well will this work in a gym for a dance?
How big of a room can this fill? I am wondering if this would work for 250 people.
where is it from ?
Is there a difference between the circular and crystal versions of this product?
How does this one connect with the music, do you have to use an AUX cord since it doesn't run off bluetooth?
Will this take sound from an iPad or iPhone source?
Does the part that rotates on this spin in a full circle continuously like a motor, or does it just go back and forth?
are the bulbs replaceable?
I want a light that syncs with the rhythm of the music. Can this light do that with no additional equipment?
Can this dome light be hung upsize down from the ceiling? Thanks
is this a good tuner for a nube? i have another electric tuner and it is set correct 440 htz but i will get the green light and it is all wrong... TY
What battery does it take? And what is the average life of the battery?
Does this tuner show the octave? For example does it display A1, A2, A3, A4, etc??
Does the electric guitar need to be plugged into the amp for the tuner to work? Steve
Can this device be used to tune a piano?
I want to use it for vocal. Is there an input mic or is it reading headstock vibration only?
Does this tuner work just fine when trying to calibrate dropped tuning for certain chords? Like drop c etc?
Does this allow you to tune a guitar to C tuning? For instance, I would want the low string to tune down from E to C. Will this tuner show it?
will this definitely work for a tenor ukulele? is there a particular setting for it?
Does metronome make a sound?
Does it work with a sony HD handycam?
Should I get a used Rode Video Mic Shotgun Microphone or The rode Videomic go? assume I can't go far over 100$ in budget
Will this microphone also work with laptops/desktops? (using their 3.5mm jack for mics) I'm concerned about the power needed by the mic.
Hello! sorry to bother you, but i really need to know if Rode Go mic will work on Canon t2i? I'm especially worried about the connection port? Thanks!
does this mic record stereo sound or just mono? and does it let the onboard mic record as well or not?
will this record the sound along with video or does it separate the video and audio?
does this work with the newly released lumix dmc g7?
Can you attach this to a boom pole?
Will this work as an external mic for my Ipad?
does this include gopro mic adapter?
I prefer my microphone facing down slightly above my standing mouth level -can this be attached to a regular mic&amp;boom stand to facilitate this set up?
How does this compare with the Pyle PSMRS11 Acoustic Isolation Microphone Absorber Shield and the CAD Audio AS32 Acousti-Shield 32?
What is the optimal way to mount this on a stand, and what stand would be recommended? I am using an Audio Technica AT2035
Can the mic bracket be mounted on the top for a downward hanging microphone? And is it adjustable enough to work with a Shure SM7B?
Specs say 16.3" L to R and only 7.5" high? What is the actual overall L to R length with all panels open? Panel height?
Can this mount on a simple mic stand? Looks big and heavy. Work for a bedroom studio?
Can you give me the size of the desk needed to hold this? Looks big.
Will this makes any kind of difference to my vocal recording or does it ony reduces the noises?
Do I still need to use my pop filter if I was to buy this product and if so, how will I adjust the pop filter with the isolation shield?
Does it have a threaded bottom so that i can mount it upside down on a stand like the ultimate support mc125?
Will this work with an iphone 5? It has a lightning connection, but will the iphone provide enough power to power the mic?
How many feet long is the included USB (not the lightning) cable? Also, what type of USB is it (micro, mini,etc)?
I am having a debate on this versus the Blue Yeti, any ideas?
I make videos and a yell a lot, to say the least... Right now I use a blue snowball and it peaks very easily, does this mic cut back on that?
Does anyone know when monitoring with headphones, if it grabs the sound from the Mac / iOS device too or does it just allow us to hear the mic audio?
Has anyone extended length of the cabling? It comes with a 2-ft cable. I want to film interviews about 10 ft from subjects, with mic between them.
Has anyone tried it with the Ipad Air 2? I cant seem to find ANYTHING compatible with the air 2!!
Ive just recived the blue spark digital Today, and the mic does not fit at all with the shock mount does anyone got the same issue?
Does anybody know if you can plug this guy into an android as well?? Kinda doubt it from the description.
Do I need a pre amp with this mic or can I just plug it directly into the computer?
If this equipment works with an ipod?
does it have mid, highs and lows control?
Before I purhcase, I need to know if you can suggest what I should look for in a refurbished laptop in order to work with this?
If i have the latest Serato vers. already on my Mac ill be able to plug in Controller and use instantly &amp; will both Sync features work w/ Controller ?
What kind of audio imputs does it take? MIDI, XLR or other?
dose it work for virtualdj 8 i was going to buy this for it plz anyone help????
in the box is there a disk that allows you to use seato dj because i have a macbook pro that docent have a disk drive.. what should i do to get serato
Is this controller compatible with ProTools?
How many computers can I plug into the controller at the same time? 2? Is that what two channel means?
I'm looking to get my first controller. Would you recommend the ddj sb or wego3? I am planning to do more house parties and play edm/house/trap music
Finish Damage? I used it once, worked GREAT! but when I took it off it left a streak where the finish came off my neck. :-(
Does this work well with a baritone ukulele?
Are there capos that let you "press" only one or two chords or do they all press all four chords? Could this one do it?
I play live shows and need a QUICK change, like one movement, one hand, one second. Will this work?
Will this fit a Kamaka Tenor Ukuele?
I've never played a string instrument before, so the ukulele is new to me. Do I necessarily need a capo? :)
can i get a replacement screw for the Planet Waves PW-CP-12 NS?
What is the measurement of the maximum the clip can accommodate ? Will it work on a 2-inch picture frame?
If I use rechargeable batteries will the adapter recharge them?
Any reason this light would not work in Europe with a plug adapter?
where is the on/off switch located?
Is it tall enough to use on a keyboard stand that is only 8" high where it would clip on but the music is 11" high so it would have to come up over.
what kind batteries does it use and how many?
I purchased one but had a hard time getting the battery compartment open, then it wouldn't close &amp; cover fell off??
Anyone know if the bulbs can be replaced?
I bought one of these in October and the bulb in one of the lights has gone out? What do I do?
Very nice light system for music stand, however, after my second use the clip fell apart, pieces lost in the process, and no longer serves my purpose.
Does it have a magnet to hold the cover shut or a strap. If a strap, does the strap stretch out quickly?
Does this case still close nicely when using the surface power cover (by microsoft)?
Does this case still close nicely when using the surface power cover (by microsoft)?
Is this case for the pro 2 or for the pro 3 (most reviewers indicate they have a pro 3 which is a different size than the Pro 2).
Any one tried using this with the new Power Cover? Trying to figure out if it will close with this attached. Thanks
It appears that the cover may interfere with the attachment of the keyboard? True?
I would love to buy these but was wondering if there was a non-twinkling mode?
I want battery operated outdoor fairy lights to wrap around a palm tree. Would these be the best kind for that purpose?
Does it have different settings for a soft twinkle?
I know these have timer, my ? is: do you turn it on every time you want to use them, and they shut off after 6 hrs? Or does it auto on after 18 hrs?
What are the timer settings -the minutes/hours options before they turn off?
do these lights get hot? I want to put them inside of a large glass and metal lantern to use indoors. will the lights cause my lantern to get hot?
Are there directions to describe how to set a timer?
Is the copper wire a gold/copper color or a silver color when not lit? and are the lights more of a yellow or white?
If I want to leave them on all the time, does that mean I have to change the battery every 2 days?
What is your impression of the "fullness" of the sound produced by the speakers? I'm not so much concerned with loudness, but just fullness..
Does this keyboard have a transpose feature?
how many sensor levels are there in the keys (soft,medium,hard,etc.)? Example is the casio px 150 has 3....the yamaha p105 has 2.
What is the width of this piano? This is important in stand selection.
Does the pedal it comes with do "half dampening" as opposed to "on/off" which is not as realistic?
Does it come with a stand?
Are the keys weighted?
Is there a USB midi port?
How to connect the es100 to an external amp
what is the polyphony?
does this ship with the lightning cable?
Does this work for a violin with a pickup?
Hi. Does it work with a keyboard? Thanks
Is this just for recording, or can I use it in a live rig? I was thinking about using my Mini with this.
Are there latency issues if you are monitoring through the headphone out on a Macbook Pro while playing along with a recorded track in Garage Band
There is a section on the box next to the Mac symbol that says universal. Does this mean I can use it on my windows PC as well?
Can you use this to connect a line out on a guitar amp to Garage Band?
Can you plug a microphone into it?
Is this compatible with the newer iPad mini and/or iPhone 6+? The cable pin connector appears to be too large for the newer Apple products
when plugged into an i pad can i practice along with songs form youtube etc?
How is the action on this guitar?
What kind of strings? Plastic or steel?
what is the fretboard inlay material made of?
Is it a full size?
How is the allan wrench used?
any accessories included with the guitar?
What are the dimensions?
Is this a laminate?
this isn't the "easy" version of the song is it? I really want the full advance version of this song
What key?
Is this music for piano or voice?
how many songs are in it?
Could it be used for flute?
Is this sheet music for violin?
What key is this song in?
Looking for the piano score to the Idina Menzel version from the movie, just to clarify, this is not that score?
How long is the gooseneck on this?
What is this for? Improving sound quality?
Can you mount this microphone on a boom stand or scissor boom stand?
Is the pop filter alone enough or should this be combined with anything else such as a foam or cloth screen over the end of the microphone?
How big is the clamping area?
Is the metal hardware lighter-weight than most? Will it really mount on a desk-top Yeti and stay in place?
Is this a Book or the actual Pop Filter?
I'm a newbie to recording -does this filter eliminate ambient and string slide noise when recording acoustic guitars?
Will this work with a MXL USB 009? Thank you in advance.
Does this perform better than the pop filter that Blue makes (aka 'The Pop')?
One place said this case is leather, another doesn't seem to know for sure. Is it real leather? Howstrong are the magnets and where are they placed?
does it have the wake up feature?
Will cover prevent use of the front-facing camera? Seems to be a problem with all covers/cases that are not the original Origami.
Does this truly fit the Kindle? I just purchased the Smart Shop Online case, and it does not fit even though it is advertised that it would.
Well, how do you get it to fit. Mine just came in the mail and my Kindle Fire HDX (brand new) is too big for it.
Is this model appropriate for listening to a 2 hour podcast, movie, or music? Battery life, comfortable while in use? Good on an Airline?
What is an easy way of pairing this device with my Ipad or Ipod? Both my Ipad and Ipod do not seem to recognize this product? Thanks.
how do i pair this device?
Does this device work with a laptop?
does it work with ipod touch
do these work with android devices?
Does it work for the iphone 5c?
Does it work with the iPad mini and iPad and mac book pro
Does this earpiece work with any bluetooth enabled cellphone as well?
does anyone know if this will pair with the iPhone 6?
what kind of charger this blue tooth need?
This product can pair with any device that has Bluetooth?
i looking for a pouch ? any recommendation
When paired with an iphone, do all text alerts and sounds come only through the earpiece - not the phone itself?
is it works with iphone 3?
do this item works with a laptop
Is this compatible with an HTC Droid Incredible or Incredible 2?
It works with Samsung S5 and Samsung S3 Mini?
Do you ship to Colombia?.... and if you do... How much is the surcharge?
hi what is the cost for shipping to the uk? also is the warranty international? cheers
Do you ship worldwide? if Yes with wich company you ship?
This comes prewired so that all you have to do is plug the string of lights into the adapter and the adapter into the outlet, correct?
In the picture it looks like this is a double strip, is that true? Is it 5050 but 600 LEDs (always two lights side by side?)
does this product have a dimmer? If not, can I purchase one?
Does the microphone stand adapter come with this ?
Will this work to record audio while simultaneously recording video on an iPhone 5s?
Would this mic work for recording podcasts in a small office? Or is a dynamic mic better?
Is this microphone primarily for MACS and other newer generation iPads and iPhones, or will it work just as well on a windows based PC or Laptop?
Will this mic work for interviewing 2 elderly people sitting down? How close does the mic have to be in order to hear both of them clearly. What about 3 people, me being the interviewer?
Where would MIC 96k be positioned in relation to a drum kit to record optimal balance of the components of the drum kit, cymbals, kick, snare, hi-hat?
Though the microphone itself doesn't have a headphone input, can you preview VO work while plugged into a Mac headphone port? Any issues?
is it compatible for the iPhone 6?
can you use a regular mic stand for this microphone?
What specific pop filters do you use with this mic? And is there a specific foam ball windscreen that might fit this, since it's so small?
How long is the wire?
Can you use this to record audio while also recording video?
my daughter would like to use for singing and posting videos. 3.5 feet to be attached to a phone is a very short distance. What would I need to extend that distance?
Will this work with my Nexus 7 2013 (WiFi version)? As I am a college student I also want to know if this is a good microphone to record lectures?
Does this microphone work with an iPad? I'm a teacher and need to make some recordings of students having a discussion.
Is there a pass-through for headphones or do you need to get a Y adapter?
Will this mic work with the iPhone 6 or 6 plus ?
Does this work with a Macbook Pro?
I plugged it into the digital voice recorder and doesn't record. Why
Can it plug into a iPad mini?
Does this violin come with D'Addario Prelude strings?
Is this an intermediate violin?
Is the bridge already on the violin?
I just got my package. One of the string is broken!? can i change it??
Does this have a music stand to hold sheet music?
How many voices does this model boast?
How much does it weigh?
Does the piano have MIDI connection capability ?
Does the Yamaha P-255 have the ability to sync with an Apple I-Pad as some other digital keyboards do?
What is the weight difference between this and P105?
Recording - Can the Yamaha p255b Piano record to a USB drive the same way the DGX650 can? If not, can I easily make recordings? Computer Necessary?
When will there be more of these in stock?
Does it come with the adapter?
Does this piano have an output for a volume pedal and a sustain pedal?
Can you turn on 1,2,3 lights per stalk or is it 3 light on or off?
Will the clip accommodate a wooden board 1/2 inch in thickness?
are the arms stiff or floppy? do they hold the lamp in place?
how long are the arms from base to lamp?
How long is the USB cable?
I am looking at buying this Headset for computer/ portable use (music, gaming, movies, ect) would they sound good for gaming and movies?
I am looking to by this headset for an Iphone 5s
I have heard that Sennheiser headphones usually sounds not just for you, people around you can hear what you are listening to as well, same issue?
Do these fit adult sized heads?
Can you use these on an iPod classic? (No equalizer app and no amplifier.)
Are they superior in sound quality to Bose QC 25? And how far off are they with noise isolation/cancelation?
When you pull one side off your ear and move it forward, does it cup to the cheek to keep the sound from bleeding? ...while recording voice tracks...
I am in doubt and Momentum 2.0 or HD8 DJ. I listen rock, folk (type bands que play in coachella music festival). Can someone give me a advice?
These or V-Moda crossfade M100?
Is there a comfortable position for these headphones? The band really hurts the top of my head and I've tried lots of different positions.
Will this work with bass? I do not wanna get a fuzzy return.
Can you overdub when in reverse mode or in half speed mode? If not, do any loopers on the market now do this? Thanks!
I've noticed that this doesn't have a microphone jack. Does this mean that it can't be used for vocals or acoustic instruments?
Hi, if I lay down a 1-bar loop, will the Ditto let me record, say, an 8-bar overdub and multiply the original loop 8 times to match?
can you loop voice
Jjust want to play rhythm track (maybe an intro) and then play the loop when I solo. If I hit "stop" will that erase loop, or can use again for outro?
how can I get a manual?
anyone use this with a voo doo pedal power? Thanks.
is the Ditto x 2 work with the Line 6 amplifi 150?
I see that it can do half speed but does it also have an octave jump up/double speed also? similar to the line 6 dl4?
It would be helpful to see a couple of examples of cell phones this will work with, and won't work with (I'm particularly interested in the S4)
I just bought this and it is not working with my Iphone 4, is this a matter of software or is the hardware not compatible?
Do you need to purchase an adapter in addition to use with a iPhone 4s?
I see that it won't work with the iphone 4s. My question is will it work with the iphone 3gs? (Yes, that's an old phone, but that is what I have.)
If you accidently turn LV1 power on while using a smart phone will it still work? Will it damage the smart phone?
Is it compatible with iPhone 5S ?
Does anyone know if this mic will work with a windows phone??
What is the size of the connector? And which ring on the plug shaft is the microphone connection?
Is it compatible with Canon Vixia HF R300 Camcorder?
Does the mic work with an iPhone 6?
Does it fit the original Rode Videomic?
Will this fit Rode Videomic Pro
What are the exact dementions of the dead cat? Will it fit the audio technica atr6550
How does this Windscreen fit the TakStar video mic? I have heard mixed opinions.
how well does the work for the out door wind?
Do you send this product direct to Bahrain
Hello sir are the Shipping Weight is 4 pounds for this product
Have all the issues being fix and how is the sound quality?
hello make shipments to Argentina?
are you able to play straight off usbs without serato?
Can you ship this controller to Israel?
The DDJ-S1 has digital artifacts when using the microphone, is the microphone on the SZ analog or digital?
Now, this says it is a stand alone mixer. That is for DJ purposes only correct.
Yo.... I read from a well known team of dj's that you can just use this device for mixing down your vocals and mastering. is this true?
Do you send this product to Honduras?
Can you record videos with another app (like ProCamera 8) using the iQ5? I need this app for change the resolution and control focus.
Can you please post a youtube video showcasing the recording quality? And some singing and acoustics please!
How do you make the Handy Recorder app extra functions like EQ work while shooting video?
Can this be used as the phone mic during phone calls?
Is there any kind of adapter, or extension that would allow me to use the mic without having to taking my case off ?
Which settings do you need in ios8 and handy recorder to get real time sound in headphones during video recording with iphone 5s??
Can you record videos while using the zoomIQ5?
Has anyone else noticed crackling and ticking when this mic is connected? I've only had this for a few days and it seems to have just started.
Can you plug it in in either orientation? The swivels are really cool (much improved over the Tascam iM2, which I own), but I bet aren't 360 deg.
What is the difference between this "IQ5" and the "IQ5 W" ?
i have 3 pair of senn. headphones and would like to know what dj style means.
Will these fit a person with a large head (Men's size 8 hat)?
Can the cord from the Sennheiser HD-360 be easily disconnected at the headset end so that it can be replaced with a more compact cord?
I am a Dj and have went through quite a few pair of headphones. before I spend more money, do these have the larger jack for my equipment?
Does it come with a case?
Does this set have 3.5mm jack?
ARE THEY NOISE CANCELING ?
Will these connect to a TV system and how long is the cord?
Is it a good choice for electric guitar practicing?
I asked if this can be used with the Kindle HD Fire.Answer was,"Don't know". I want on plane 4 downloaded movie only.Need answer prior to purchase.
How much does it weigh?
remote app is only for IOS. do you have any plan to provide android apps?
Anyone using this with a Line 6 FBV Express or a FX 100 ? Seems like the FX100 might be redundant in feature but IDK is why I ask. Recommendations p
Can you stream a backing track via bluetooth while playing guitar to jam with it?
Can you overwrite the onboard presets with ones chosen in the app? Or do you have to use the app EVERY TIME you want to access your favorite sounds?
Without sounding too ignorant, can someone please summarize exactly what this does vs. a standard guitar amp and effect pedal? Yes, I read everything.
#1in terms of actual sound level, which is louder, this or a Fender Mustang III 100-Watt? #2 is it as loud as a 75 watt amp should be?
There is only one input. How can I use the Amplifi 75 to play guitar and use a voice mic simultaneously?
Does Kindle Fire have this app?
Can this unit interface with Native Instrument Guitar Rig 5 software running on a pc, possibly with usb interface ??
Should I buy this Mixer or the Mackie ProFX16v2?
does the unit have the wings needed to mount to a mixer rack?
What USB standard does it use? 1.1, 2.0, or 3.0?
I am using a mixture of dynamic and condenser mics in this mixer, is it safe to apply phantom power to dynamic mics?
I have an existing Cubase AI 6 on my PC (from my old yamaha mw12xu) , would this new unit work with it...(without using its supplied new cubase ver)?
is this compatible with 220V power supply?
does it include cubase software?
What grade is this music? 1, 1.5 , 2?
how long does it take to shi[?
is this on the grand staff or just one line of treble clef music? trying to figure out which edition would be best for a particular student. thanks
how many pages and songs are in this book?
Can this take the place of a looper pedal?
how loud is it with headphones on, some really need to be louder so you can really hear what you are playing ?
To use the pedal just need a guitar, a cable and earphones?
even after deleting all effects and amps from the signal I get an overdrive like sound, not clean.has anybody gotten a pure clean sound? sounds crappy
Anyone tried this in an effect loop, without amp or cabinet modelling? I'm wondering how it works in an effects loop for chorus, delays, reverbs, etc
Is there any main difference between this one and Zoom G1N besides the overall looks and number of effects?
can you plug it in to an amp and get a sound or can you only use headphones?
Any tips on how to bypass an effect besides opening the tuner?
For an electric cello, would you recommend this pedal or the bass pedal?
Has anyone tried it with an acoustic guitar?
will it work with xbox 360 jasper
Does plugging in headphones into this jack automatically mute the laptop speakers?
Do I need to have built-in sound card in my laptop to use this?
I would like to use two of these in a PC at the same time to get two microphone inputs to create a Karaoke PC. Has anyone tried?
My monitor for my tower/desktop has a USB. Can I plug it into the monitor or does it have to be plugged into the tower?
Does this work on the ps3? I have a the earforce p4c's and I want to use them on my ps3. I got them for 10 dollars as part of a sale at gamestop.
does it work with macbook pro retina 13" maverick OS
Will this work in an aux/usb port on a car?
On the Silver version, the left and right audio are swapped. Is this the case on this one?
This doesn't seem to work with my usb 3.0... uhh... is this intentional?
What are the dimensions from front to back. and from side to side.
can I record my cassettes to digital format?
What are the dimensions of the equipment box, and the dimensions of the speakers? I wonder if the dimensions shown include the speakers in them?
What is the output of the speakers?
Is there bass boost? Or in general, how does the base sound?
Where can I get a replacement needle?
How long will the needle last and is it readily available?
What is the height of player. Two sets of dimensions are mentioned. Is it taller than 11 inches?
How many CDs can you load at a time?
Does it have playback and dubbing on the cassette, because I want to be able to record from the radio.
Can you use midi files on this keyboard?
Can the touch control be turned off?
What are the items included in the box?
can you turn the drums on and off using the footswitch/sustain pedal
Does this have octave-transpose buttons?
Can the tone perimeters (attack, release, etc.) be adjusted and saved to an assigned list setting to call up? Can 2 tones be layered &amp; saved?
Does it have organ and pipe organ sounds? I need this to practice for playing in a church.
Does this keyboard can be used as a MIDI controller? I want to connect it to my mac to controll Garage Band.
how many octaves does it have?
Can you plug this keyboard into a mixer?
Is there any kind of manual for this product? My Strip light stopped working and I'm trying to trouble shoot the problem.
I keep selecting the BLUE color but I don't see where it tells you I chose blue I want blue how will I know you understand my choice if nothing show
does it have 4 pins or 5?
Is it 4 pins or 5?
I want to put the LED strips inside the cabinet of my guitar amp, is this a viable option?
Can the light strip work only inwhite light
Can I just get a remote? The one they sent me was broken.
If i want to put 3 roll of 300leds RGB flexible LED strip light lamp aroud the ceiling,can i just use one power adapter and control for all three of ?
Are the silicone rubber pads safe for the nitrocellulose finish on my Gibson Les Paul electric guitar?
Would a non-symetrical bottom guitar body fit in the stand, like a Fender Jazz Bass?
Why doesn't this stand have a neck brace as attachment for guitars and is it essential to have a neck brace?
I have an acoustic guitar that I need a portable stand for. Does this stand support acoustics?
would this stand work for a mandolin and/or viola?
Can I fit this instrument stand in a guitar bag for example? What are the dimensions when folded?
