What do you use to write on the leaves that can be wiped off? Thanks!
How wide is the tree? I have a bulletin board that measures 33 inches wide by 39 inches tall. Will it fit? Thanks!
Can anyone tell me the measurement of the leaves? Thanks so much!
Does this include 1 or 2 trees?
How do the leaves attach to the tree?
how do you hang it? does it include adhesive?
Could you fit two file folders in one pocket?
Approximately how many papers can it hold in each pocket. I am planning to get this to save my kids homework for the year.
What is it made of?
what are the colors?
Is this a pocket chart or just some cards for a daily schedule? Canel order unless it is a pocket chart. I do no want cards!
Some reviews say its not the actual pocket chart that comes its just the cards, is that true? And the 10 schedule cards are they as shown in the pictu
Is the pocket chart included? It says 13" x 33", 16 Pieces and 14 pockets, 10 Schedule Cards, 5 Blank Schedule Cards, 1 Title Card, Activity Guide
Are the times printed as shown in the picture? Can you change the times on the cards?
I'm confused. Some reviewers say it is the cards, others say the pocket chart is included. I really need the pocket chart. What's included?
Does this actually come with a pocket chart?
is this a pocket chart or just cards for daily schedule? If it is just cards and not a chart, cancel my order! I want a chart.
If you have this item... If you have this item, can you please let me know the dimensions of the cards?
I also want the laminated one, but is it folded or rolled?
Which one of these options are laminated? It's not clear. Is the "Traditional 43 in x 30 in" laminated? Thanks!
What is the difference between the standard and traditional one? I am looking for quality laminated map with good road routs.
does this map detail the us states and capitals
The 31" x 46" basic tube rolled map (sold by Maps, Globes, and More) is NOT laminated. Is the Traditional map sold by Amazon laminated?
What is the size of the packaged tube of the "laminated" version?
Does it have the black border around it as shown in the photo?
Are the colours accurate to those shown online?
Does the tubed version come with rails at the top and bottom and a provision to hang it? Can it hang on its own without framing?
can this map be placed on the wall
How recent is this map?
Do you recommend a frame that will fit this poster?
Is the traditional size delivered in a tube?
Is the bottom edge bound like a "book binding" as well, or are the accordian folds exposed?
Does the lid have to be held open while filing papers?
I am assuming that this sits on top of the desk without falling over???
The pages are lined, correct?
I'm wondering about the line spacing. How many lines on a page? Is it more like a Wide Rule or College Rule Journal??
can the paper be replace ?
I noticed a couple of reviews that mentioned the closures falling off - does this imply that they are easy to remove if, like me, you don't like them?
Is it leather?
does the weekly calendar run from sunday to saturday or monday to sunday
Is this actually a weekly planner or just a monthly planner?
What are the daily pages lay out like? Is there one date per page and allotted times (like 7am - 7pm) or is it multiple dates on one page?
does anyone have photos of the inside? just wondering how the pages are laid out - how many days per page, room for writing, etc. thanks!
is there an elastic strap or anything that holds it closed?
what is the start month of this planner?
Does this book lay completely flat? I intend to leave it on my desk open. Thanks!
how exactly is the monthly, weekly pages set up?
what kind of binding does this planner have? (spiral, traditional book type, etc.)
what is the size of the large journal vs the medium one?
How many pages? I cannot believe that Amazon doesn't list this essential info.
just to make sure this is the hard cover?
Can this journal open flat?
what is the size of this journal?
Moleskine covers bend when lots of papers get stuck inside(goo.gl/Vsggij) I like this look--does it happen with these books? Thanks!
What is the isbn of this model?
Is the paper thick or thin? Will marker bleed through (specifically copic markers)?
Is this hardcover or soft?
I want to be certain this is unlined. Could you clarify/verify?
How many pages?
does this Bookman Bible have the ability for a card/or cards to be added
Does it have a audible feature
How is the unit powered? What kind of batteries?
can you hear it or need to read it?
how big is it?
Does it have the ability to highlight verses? Does it have a place you can keep a record of your favorite verses?
Does the Bookman Bible come with a earbud?
What size paper fits into the pockets?
How are these different from the photo stacking cubes?
What are the 'templates to create your own cubes'? Just blank pieces of paper or index cards I'm assuming?
What is the size of one cube?
I am missing all the days of the week and number one for the calendar. Is there anyway I can purchase items individually?
Is it really only 8 inches across? If the individual numbers are each 2 inches, how is this possible? Does anyone have it and couldmeasure? Thanks.
Does it come with more holiday cards than what is pictured? I am wondering because I do not see cards for Thanksgiving, New Years, Memorial Day, etc.
Is the pockets for the numbers standard size of number cards so I can change them to different seasons?
Does it have cards for weather?
What are the pocket sizes?
what is the size 4x6 ?
are there alphabet tabs and are they durable?
Are replacement pages available for this address book?
Does this planner have a weekly view as well?
Is this spiral bound?
You say it is a regular book binding but is it hard cover or paperback?
How big in inches is this calendar when opened up? I'm looking for a big calendar, so the width and length would be appreciated.
Hi All, are the stickers reusable? Also - is writing erasable? I suppose if you write with pencil but this calendar cannot take erasable markers?
Hi MoreTimeMoms Team - Can you advise if this calendar has magnets to attach to our fridge, the way the "other" version does? Thanks in advance! :-)
Where is it made and is it laminated on both sides?
what are the dimensions of this map ?
What are the dimensions of the map, I can not locate it on the details
What is the advantage of using this vs. a smartphone and a dictionary app?
Can it translate a sentence?
Can amazon ship to El Salvador Central America.
I want a spanish e-book reader and be able to look up words I don't understand in the dictionaries. Will this product meet my needs?
Where can I obtain an instruction manual in English?
Does it have flash card feature? Are the keys easy to press?
What dictionaries does this model include?
Is the manual available in English? Also would this be beneficial to someone studying Spanish in college?
Can you clearly hear this translator without headphones? What other languages can be translated?
How can you buy more dictionaries for this dictionary?
Are these compatible with Epson WORKFORCE 645?
Can these be used for an epson xp300 small in one printer?
Can I buy individual cartridges for my wf-2540 such as magenta as that is used more quickly than the cyan or yellow?
how do i get my printer to accept these ink cartridges
did anyone brink these anywhere to make sure that its real and not a fake fossil?
How big is this tooth and does it look nice or does it look like it has pieces chipped off of it?
how many inches or centimeters is it in length?
its authentic, right?
Comes in nice box?
Pen is "CROSS Made in USA-1/20 10KT-Gold Filled" at non-writing end &amp; is very old. What do the #s mean, please?
What is the length of the pen?
WHERE WAS IT MADE?
Can anyone explain the differences between the PT65 and the PT85 Brother Labeler?
Why, all of a sudden, is my PT-85 printing with an extra 2 inches of blank tape at the end of every label
ok, so how do you print a backslash on this thing? \
I have misplaced my P-touch model pt-85 user's guide, can someone send me instructions on how to use this labeler or where I can get the instructions
Will this use Amazon product B00000K135? Desc. for this labeler says it makes NON-LAMINATED labels. B00000K135 says it's laminated.
What type of batteries does it take?
size
does this calc have a floating decimel feature?
What is the size of the screen alone?
Does it retain memory when Off for a long time, e.g., the next day or week?
how do i change the decimal mode?
Is there a cover for this one, I do not see one shown?
Does it have a fractions key?
Does it perform logs?
How many digits will display at a time per line?
What type of battery?
Why can't this be shipped to Alaska? It's not too big nor hazardous.
Is the display easy to read without picking the calculator up?
Does this calculator differentiate?
does this have a sci button?
Cut, and paste entries, --how do you use this so-called function?
School is asking for a TI-84 for Algebra students. We already own a TI-83, and wonder if that will work for this middle school student.
Can this calculator use for ISOKINETIC Sampling
What does it smell like?????
Does this calculator power off? How? (I see where it has a continuous blinking cursor once the batteries are inserted, but pushing the off button does not make the cursor disappear.) Does it continuously run down the batteries?
We are very interested in this calculator but would like to know if if comes with a cord in order to charge it.
Does this come with the manual and CD
is the age that important
Is the TI 83 approved for the SATs and GREs?
Do the keys stick?
What is the difference between this and Platinum edition? Platinum claims to be "fast and powerful". Is that true?
does it come with a case
DOES THE CALCULATOR COME WITH A CASE?
what batteries does the HP12C use
Hi I need one" keys are similar to functions labeled as PV, PMT, FV, perform calculations of internal rate of return, bond yields,present value"Is it?
is owners manual clearly written?
How do you calculate the monthly payment on a loan? Say $100,000 at 4.5% for 30 yrs = ?
Since it comes with installed batteries, a bad idea in my opinion, has anyone had to replace them right away?
I have an original model which takes three button batteries. This calculator has been on the same batteries for at least twenty years. Where can I buy
who's getting expired ink? Happened to me twice.
Why is this saying it will not work in my HP Business Inkjet 1200? I've been using this part/model # for many, many years.
what is the expiration for cartridge
Expiration Date?
Is this ink still in date? Will it work in an HP Inkjet 500?
Are the numbers fully visible on the screen? Some calculators when worn start having the numbers look different a zero looks like and 8 and so on.
Can a TI86 perform trig?
The 2nd key is not working for any of the functions on my TI-86, Could it be disabled or is it defective?
The characters on the screen of my TI-86 are very dim and I need to be under a good light to read them. Is this normal? Can I adjust the brightness?
does the calculator have a manual?
is the cord necessary for operation. Will this calculator work when I get it from the seller?
does it come with the manual?
is the TI 83 plus compatible to the TI 86
Did the TI-86 come with a wall charger?
is the calculator purple?just want to make sure before i buy because the picture is purple
Does the product need additional stuff to work such as power cord, cord to computer?
Does it have a connector in the top for connection to TI-presenter?
does this calculator do inequalites, does it also do nth root and log root etc basically does it have all the features of a titanium
Is this the titanium or the original version?
Is this the titanium or the original version?
do you have the ti-89 manual that was printed in 1998 and has 557 pages in new condition?
is toner included
does it work with electricity or battery power
Will the PC430 make a good B&amp;W copy of a color original?
does this copier have to be hooked to a computer?
Does this machine make full color copies?
Please advise if this can copy legal size paper
I have an unused toner cartridge for this machine. Can you use it?
is it laser or ink jet?
Can you copy from books with this copier?
Dose it work without a computer ?
What is the exact size for an image for the front? I'd like to design something in Photoshop and insert it, but I don't know the size and resolution.
What weight are these cards?
can I make 4 postcards to a sheet
Is this paper glossy on one side?
Does this product include envelops
Will this work on a color laser printer? I can't seem to find greeting cards that are designed for laser printers.
Does it do good photo printing
Will there cards work with an HP Photosmart 3210 All-in-One printer? And can I buy a larger quantity?
What is the paper pound? That is the only way I can compare products.
does it work with windows 7?
does it have a usb jack?
is it cordless portable and battery rechargeable
Will it work with ipad?
IS IT MAC COMPATABLE?
Does this copy also?
Does it work with a Macbook?
will the Canon pixma ip100 work with Android tablet Galaxy 2
VISTA compatibility: does anyone know how to make the BJC-85J work with Vista?
does it have network card installed?
How much does an ink cartridge cost?
Does this have two separate paper trays? Including for legal sized paper? What about envelopes?
Does this printer come with a driver disk?
this printer has a serial or parallel printerport too?
is there an adhesive option for this product (to act as a decal?)
How to use transparencies (paper jams)
does this product work with the HP photosmart C3180 printer or does the ink smear too easily? Same question for the HP Officejet 3700? The sheets that I have available to me don't dry -- the ink comes off with any type of contact.
How many copies will this cartridge make?
does this work with Canon PC 425
Will this cartridge work with the Canon PC 170 copier?
Does this work for the PC720
i realized that I was on the wrong web page, sorry, disregard previous post
Is this item an OEM original?
How does this compare to the HP 12C?
Which one is from the above? There are 5 different calculators in the pictures...
What is the differnce between a Texas instrument TI 30X second calculator and the BA 2 Plus Financial calculator?
How does it compare to the hp 10bii+ ?
What's the difference between this and the Texas Instruments TI BA II Plus Professional Financial Calculator?
Does it come with an owners manual?
Does this calculator have a time value of money function?
I am looking at this for my finance class as well. Does it have a built-in computer algebra system (CAS). If so, I can't use it.
Is this the latest new version of BA II plus
this phone brings cord or must be bought by other
Is the sound quality good?
does this phone has a key to put off the (ringer sound) ?
is this a cordless phone?
the cord: is there a cord on it?
Can it be set to fax only?
Can it run on one phone line or is a fax switch still needed?
will the Brother Fax275 work with HP printer Envy
Is this thermal fax machine and can use thermal fax paper for receiving fax
can i have the answer machine on the same time i receive a fax
multi-voltage use?
Can I plug this in only when I want to fax or receive something occasionally and then disconnect it until next time?
Can I connect it to my computer and use it as a USB printer?
how do you do multiple pages? how many pages goes through on onefaxcall. Is the maximum, 10 pages and then you have to call again?
is this an answering machine too?
The product description image says 1/2" by 13;t Amazon description title says 1/2" by 23'. Which is the correct length? 23 is standard.
How sticky is the tape? Would it be able to be applied to poster board and removed without tearing/ripping/damaging the paper?
does this work with the 500TS model?
It says in the description that this is a 2 pack. So it will include two 23' cartridges, correct?
I see two different lengths. How long is the length?
This listing reads black print on white background, but the picture shows white print on a black background?
Can you buy ink refills? I still have label tape, but when it prints you can barely see the words -- as if it is running out of ink. Thanks!
Will it peel in water?
Will D1 label cartridges from my old Dymo 2000 (now broken) work with the Dymo 160?
Is the tape laminated? Can these be used for outdoor labeling?
how to insert
Does this cartridge fit in the 160? Or should I order cartridge 45113? What is the difference in the two?
Will this tape work with the LabelManager 160P
Can I use this on the Dym Label Manager 150?. The current one I have is 45113 but I like the 45013 because of the option of colors.
runs on 220 volts or 110 only?
does it laminate for hot and cold pouches?
CLOSED at 220 volts?
What are its length and width?
game
If you were to hold the mouse pad up with one hand, how flexible is it? I'm looking for one that's stiff to place in my backpack with a few books. Thanks
What is the difference between the basic and the one with microban protection?
Does this smell / offgass at all?
Is this for mac or PC?
What kind of fabric is this made of?
Is the surface of this mouse pad made of CLOTH?
does it work for a Vista pc?
whats the weight limit
How much does it weigh?
Is there an easy way to hang it with hooks from above when folded up?
I just received the step stool but it doesn't have a red tab for unlocking. Is it now a black tab?
Does it ship assembled
The description says "Folds to 1-1/2" wide". And also says "Folds flat to just 1-inch thick (23 by 20-1/2 inches high and wide)&rdquo;. Contradiction?
Could you tell how far up from the ground is the first step. I need something for my mom so she can can get in my car. She is unable to raise her leg
How much does it weight?
Does this have a logo on it? I do not like logos thank you.
should i buy it?
expiration date?
how do I find the product expiration date ?
expired?
Is this really original HP and never opened or re manufactured?and not a phoney?
what is the expiration date?
What is the expiration date on this cartridge?
Does this work for a hp desk jet 940 c?
works with hp officejet v40?
Is this paper thick enough to withstand coloring with colored pencils?
does this paper feel like cardstock? I bought the Ultra Premium Presentation Paper, but it was too thick. It felt like cardstock.
Is this double-sided?
What is the weight of this paper?
I'm planning to use this paper for printing business cards, is it useful for that? Do you think I can use it with an hp printer, regardless of epson brand of the paper?? Thanks
can i use this paper in an HP OfficeJet 7210 All-in One Printer?
is this genuine epson ink?
What are the expiration dates of either Epson T007 or T009 cartridges (OEM only)?
Are these cartridges in mylar packing? Do you have 30 of them?
I need to laminate some items that are smaller than the size of this pouch (4 3/8 x 6 3/8) but larger than the business card size that are availble. Can the pouches be trimmed and remain sealed?
I have 7 pictures with very soft batting between two pieces of paper to make a little 3 dimensional story line. Can I laminate them?
I work in a preschool and need to have projects and letters laminated, will these work to laminate letters for my bulletin board and craft projects?
which would you recommend, glossy or matte finish?
Anyone use it on "wallet-size" photos? How well does it fit?
will it fit my medical insurance card
Once I put my Medicare card in one of these pouches, can I get the card out?
Is it possible to enlargen &amp; make objects/designs with the projector? I do crafts and the size isn't allways the same?
does it work only with transparencies or also with normal book pages?
Where can I buy parts for this overhead projector?
Overhead projector: must use only transparencies or can I use pictures and books?
Does the sale include the cover?
Does this calculator have a off button?? Thanks
Which type of battery is required to this calculator?
This calculator shows definite integrals?
Does the square root function give answers in decimal or square root form for answers that are not perfect squares
I know this is not a graphing calculator, but if you enter the function, it makes the table? ( X and F(x) ) Thanks !
Does the calculator required battery
Will this calculator be good for pre-algebra and through calculus?
hex, bin, dec functions: Does anyone know how to use those?
t option on distr key: Does anyone know what this function does?
Is the number in memory retained even after the calculator is turned off--so when it's turned back on that entry is still in memory??
Does it have a clear memory button.
Are the buttons soft touch or hard plastic?
what are dimensions?
dimensions
does it convert foreign money to dollor
does this calc have a "back" button, Can you delete just the last number typed?
is this an 11X17 printer?
Is the first toner included or must I buy it separately?
can it print color?
Is the software in order to install the driver included with the printer?
Can this printer handle card stock?
this printer will work with Windows 7?
do the laser jet 5000N work well with transfer paper?
will this print on transparencies for screen printing (heavy opaque black)
does this do 2 sided prints
How to specify I need 11x17 tray feed. monochrome only, new toner cartridge?
is it easy to use?
Does this calculator have derivative and integral options?
Do I need to buy batteries to use it?
Can it be used for a statistics math class?
Does it do trig
I would like to know the country of manufacture and also if I could use if for the Mathematic Algebra? Thanks.
does it have thousands separator
if i order today,how many days i can get it? i am in hongkong, thanks
If I had to replace the battery, what is the battery called? I did not find any battery information.
Can it do math with complex numbers? (sqrt(-1))
what is the ribbon number for the casio fr-2650plus calculator?
is it battery operated and plug in?
how do you put a new ribbon in?
How to load paper tape
So this doesn't plug into my phone but rather into the wall jack where my phone would normally be plugged in?
Will this analog phone work with my digital line. (DSL Modem)
I bought this phone and I get a loud buzzing sound when on a call. Is there a way to stop? It doesn't make the noise if I put it on mute.
can you use different headset with usb connector
Does the phone come with the headset and all accessories ?
Does this phone have a hold and mute bottom? I'm looking for a phone for my work at home position.
Can I go from room to room with this?
Does this phone use an RJ9 plug in for the headset?
I don't have a phone jack but a modem type box from Comcast for phone service, how does this work?
Is this a landline phone that comes with a headset piece or just some kind of headset?
will this work on a casio kl780?
Will Casio XR-WE2S work for KL7200?
Will this work with Casio KL-60?
How long is tape?
will this work on casio kl-1800
Will this work on Casio KL100?
Does this work on a KL-750B?
Does the tape have split paper backing for easy peeling, or is it just a solid piece of backing?
how install tape?
will casio xr-9we2s work on casio kl-7000
What is the expiration date printed on the box?
What is the "install by" date?
is it in its original box and is the date is current, as of 2015. ?
To confirm, are the cartrigde expire??
iS THIS EXPIRED INK?
can u tell me the "use before" date ? thanks!
Do you have printheads and cleaners too?
Is this a new OEM cartridge manufactured by HP?
Do you need to purchase any cartridges , ribbon or anything else to get started?
how does it work at filling in employment question forms?
Hi, would it be possible to send me an example of the font this typewriter produces? I would love to see it before deciding for sure to buy. Thanks!
does it come with ribbon
does it need to use correction tape or does it delete a mistake
When filling out preprinted forms, is the desired print location visable so the print czn be entered on an existing line?
WHAT IS THE WARRANTY ON THIS TYPEWRITER
Does this typewriter come with everything you need to get started right away (ribbon &amp; correction tape) or do I have to order those right now as well?
The metal piece that is hits the ribbon when you press a button won't move. It won't type just move please help?
how do you suppress sound?
Do the keys work correctly?
Where do i get a plug adapter to use in the UK as Typewriter ordered has been delivered with the USA plug.
What is the font of the letters?
does the typewriter come with the ribbon already inserted
what ribbon does this typewriter use?
Does it have a manual feature as well, or must it always be plugged in?
Does this allow for typing in German?
What is the typing width? Other Brother models seem to be 9 inches. I need 12.
what are the font sizes?
does this plug into a monitor to display before printing
Does it also staple with flat staples for Upholstery?
Does this come with a starter staple pack?
Are these arrow staplers really junk now? I work in installation and I love that the head is tapered so you can get into tight areas. Should I pass?
When you remove it will it take the paint off the wall?
Does it work on cork tiles?
Is it waterproof?
Would it work on cork tile squares?
How do you get the double sided mounting tape off of the wall? I had about 100 pictures on panelling and I am taking them down but I can't get it off
Would a calendar whiteboard be too heavy for this tape? It weighs about 3 pounds total.
Do you need scissors to tear a piece of this?
Will this work in cold and heat inside a car to hold a very light piece of plastic?
Will this work on fabric?
will this work on sheetrock textured wall?
Will paint come off a wall when removed if using on a regular painted sheetrock wall?
Will it stick to a metal door frame?
can I hang light picture frames with it?
Do you think this tape will hold a Gopro Camera to a motorcycle helmet?
Will this work well on textured walls?
Will i be ok using this as i have wallpaper on the walls. Not sure if it would rip the papper off. Or if it can only be used on clean walls
I want to had a white board on my refrigerator in the kitchen. Will it stick that board?
would it hold a small 17 inch bathroom mirror above the sink? keep in mind humidity/steam from shower...
Will this hold picture frames on carpet walls?
How much weight can this hold
can this tape hold up a mirror on a closet door?
Will it hold a rug down to a carpet?
how do i get the red protective tape off the second adhesive surface? i can't get it started on my roll to pull it off.
Is this tape double sided, is that how this product works?
Will it work to tape solar blinds on the glass of patio doors?
How thick is this tape? Is it about 1/16" thick? Or is it paper thin? Want to mount wood molding to a mirror...
What is the thickness of this tape? Somewhere around 20mm or is it around 40mm?
Would this work to stick light-weight address numbers to my painted porch post and, when I move, remove them without damage to the paint?
Will this tape hold to the elements, rain or shine, on decor mounted to a Ford Mustang? Specifically the window covers?
I want to use this tape to mount my shower caddy. Is this tape water resistance/able to stick to that kind surface?
Do you think this tape would stain our white smooth brick fireplace when time to remove it? Or be difficult to remove?
Did yours smell like gasoline when you got it? Any clues as to exactly what materials were used to make this? Smells pretty toxic.
is it rigid?
Does this work for laser mouse?
what is the size of the item?
Does it hold papers horizontally and vertically?
How many sheets of paper will each 'slot hold? I work with small 'packets' of paper (5-8 sheets maybe) and wonder if this would be useful. Thanks.
About how many sheets will each individual slot hold? I work with thin stapled 'packets' of 3-7 pages each. Looking for something to prioritize them
How long is this smelly beast?
What are the dimensions of this pad?
Is this "sticky" on the bottom? I need something to keep my keyboard from sliding off a tilted-top table.
Is this machine washable? It was just badly spilled on!
i want to put this next to the mac book on my desk so my hand is the same height...is this the right one?
what are the exact dimensions on this item?
Can you just turn this around the other way if you have a curved keyboard? Does it slide right into the KB's left side curve?
What is the cover made of? Neoprene?
How do you clean it?
Is this wirst rest adjustable to a keyboard with a curve at the bottom? One such as the Logitech g105?
Can this be used on a laser printer? Will it jam it up or will the labels become loose?
How can I use these labels(print onto them) if I have an old vista laptop that lost its windows word years ago? (ive been getting by on wordpad/other)
FBA Label: Are these labels suitable for fba?
does software work on mac?
Any REAL difference from 5160 Laser labels to these 8160 Inkjet labels? I have a brother laser.
can they be removed after having been applied to paper?
Will this work with a "regular" printer, or do you need a special kind? My printer is pretty ancient!
Is this template compatible with apple computer?
Can you print lets say only one label on a page and than use the same page to print more lables later on ? Or it has to be printed all at once ?
Whats the correct template to use since 08160 isn't available?
Does it matter what type of printer you use to Print these?
I am looking for clear (NOT frosted) labels. Does anyone have any advise on how I can get clear ones?
Are these clear labels thinner than the white labels? I would like them to be thinner than a white label.
How do you use the template with Apple Pages on an iMac?
Will this work with a laser printer?
Are these Avery 5160 style?
would these work to label water bottles?
How easy are these to remove . . . I want to put labels on an art gallery wall next to artworks but need to remove them when the shows change . . .
Could I use these for glass jars? Is the adhesive strong enough?
Does anyone have experience using these on glass? I am looking for something to stick on wedding favors that are in small glass tubes.
Are these archival safe for scrapbooking?
Would this be suitable as a wall sticker? (Would it come off the wall and be re-used at some point?)
Can these be ran through laser printers, or are they strictly for ink jet printers?
I want to use it to create stickers for scrapbook. Such as titles and photos. Also can it be put through a Cricut or Silhouette Cameo cutting machine?
Are they water proof? Does the ink run when wet? Would it make a good label on a water bottle or beer bottle?
Could I use these sheets to print pre-designed company ID badges and stick them to PVC cards?
"Product Dimensions: 1 x 1 x 1 inches ; 6.4 ounces" Based on this description, the product is a one-inch cube. That doesn't sound very good. Does it?
How long is this rest? And what is the covering made of?
Please supply a picture high enough resolution to actually inspect the product. This shows a pixellated black line. Also, please give S&amp;H cost. Total price is all that matters.
do these labels fade over time after printing
Will these labels work in a Seiko Smart Label Printer?
is this the best size to print bar codes?
Compatible with DYMO labelWriter 450 turbo???
Are the labels glossy or matte?
this dymo labels have strong adhesive? i've been using the house labels ones but the are not adhesive enough
Has anyone ever used these labels to print postage online? Do they fit?
is this label preforated
are the labels waterproof?
Can you write on these labels with a pen?
how many roles to a box
Do these labels print skus/barcodes?
are they removable?
Are the labels glossy or matte?
Are these labels too small to use for Amazon FBA product labels? I ordered them for just that, but they are smaller than the Avery Laser labels
Are the labels I'll receive original Dymo brand of labels as pictured in the green and black Dymo box or are they a generic brand?
Can this size label be used to print postage from Paypal, or does Paypal shipping only work with the 4 x6 labels?
Will these work with the Dymo LabelWriter 400?
will these labels work in the Dymo450 twin turbo?
Are the labels glossy or matte?
Is the adhesive strong as USPS labels?
Are these removable or repositionable as I intend to use on plastic crates?
does it work with DYMO LabelWriter 450
Can I peel these off by hand or do I need a Dymo Label/Writer?
is this a folded card or just a front/back?
Would these be appropriate to affix an actual photo to? Could they then be used for stationary to write on inside?
How do I get the cover photo to print all the way to the edge?
I am wanting to make notecards with my own photo on the front and blank on inside. will these work? if so, how do i do it. Thanks!
Avery suggested to use 45 lb. for my hp printer. Is this package of notecards 45 lb.?
Would these stand up nicely as large table tents?
What the "weight" of these is? Are they close to a heavier business card weight or somewhere between regular printer paper and card stock?
what is the difference from product 3379 besides 60 per box vs 50 per box
I would like to know if these are the coated?
Are the labels I'll receive original Dymo brand of labels as pictured in the green and black Dymo box or are they a generic brand?
Can this size label be used to print postage from Paypal, or does Paypal shipping only work with the 4 x6 labels?
Will these work with the Dymo LabelWriter 400?
will these labels work in the Dymo450 twin turbo?
Are the labels glossy or matte?
Is the adhesive strong as USPS labels?
Are these removable or repositionable as I intend to use on plastic crates?
does it work with DYMO LabelWriter 450
Can I peel these off by hand or do I need a Dymo Label/Writer?
Do these labels print the long way, or the short way (meaning, are they rotated 90 degrees to fit more labels on the core)?
Is this the label that when you peel it from the backing there is still white unused label above and below the part you printed on and removed?
Will these work with the Dymo 400 ? DYMO 400 THERMAL LABEL PRINTER (model 93089)
are these labels removable?
Are they original or generic?
Are these labels compatible with the Dymo LabelWriter 450 Turbo??
How fast are these shipped ...I am out?
are these self adhesive?
Will these labels work with the D 1 handheld maker
can this paper be used with a hight quality color laser printer
Is this paper acid free?
Is this paper suitable for a digital printer, Zerox docucolor 1000 lazer printer?
Can I print on both sides with this paper? I have bought epson paper in the past, and was only coated on one side.
what is the weight of the paper
what is the weight of the paper
Can I print photos on them?
What weight are these cards?
How well will this work in a laser printer?
do envelopes come with the card paper?
aren't there 30 separate sheets? how does "perforated" work with these pages?
are envelopes incuded?
Re Avery 3265. Description says "perforated" but illustration of box says "one card per sheet." Want one card that folds w/o breaking. Which is it?
Is the wrist pad a gel?
Is the entire thing black, or is it white outer/black inner?
According to the description of the items in box, this doesn't include the tracks. Does it come with the tracks for it or not?
Will this slide under the desk on a normal straight desk?
is it white?
Does the tray lock into place when pulled out?
what is the track length? I have about 12" of depth under the desk available before it will hit a table support.
I have a 28 in space to install in. What is the width needed to install with hardware?
Can a laptop be used on it? Mine has a 9" x 13'' footprint so it seems it would fit but would the 4lb weight be too much?
Does it attach underneath the desk.? My desk has no sides. Is the wrist rest removable?
what's the thickness of paper itself? my printer can only take 0.009 in thickness.
ARE THESE LABELS MADE IN THE USA?
Are these labels glossy or matte?
How many labels are on one sheet?
What are the dimensions of the box labels are in?
Can this product be used on inkjet printers?
Our 8150N pages have black blotches overall; new aftermarket toner cartridge didn't fix. Is this maint kit likely to resolve this, or is there something else we need?
is the product you are selling look exactly like the pictured item? Thanks
What specifically is in this maint. kit? I see there are 4 levels of kit I can order.
I want a 220v power
hey that work with windows 7 ?
Can we print different sized fonts with this printer?
will this printer work with windows 8.1
will this work with windows xp
panasonic kx-p1150: Is this continuous feed.
Is this one 110V or 220V?
Will this work with a 64 bit?
Does this printer run off of a USB cable?
what size printer cable do I need
Can this printer print graphics such as PDF documents or images?
does this item work with ezcheck program
okidata woking with laptop
Is this a 110v unit?
What do you do when using continuous form paper and the paper doesn't align high enough on the page to print under the guid bar without getting caught.
Does this have a NIC card, if so, what is the model number of it?
How long is the coiled handset cord. I'm returning a phone now because the cord was just too short.
Do I need to buy a cable to connect it to the jack I have in my room ?
Can you shut the ringer off?
Will this phone work when there is a power outage?
I use AT&amp;T uverse which is fiber optic. Will this phone handle both outgoing and incoming calls?
can it be wall mounted
Can it be wall mounted on the old hard-wired AT&amp;T wall hardware? Original wall phone from 36 years ago.
Is the jack hard wired in, or can I change out the cord for a longer one?
Does it need to be plugged in into electical outlet?
do you have to pay a monthly fee for this?
Need heavy phone. Is it as heavy as the old Western Electric 2500 (almost 4 lb.) The Scitec competitor 2501E is heavy at 3.8 lb.
is the ringer a old fashioned bell?
Yes, confirm if made in USA and if better than the reviews from the black model.
Does the handset's curly cord pull out of the bottom part of the phone, and have a modern modular plug, so I can attach a disability device to it?
can an answering machine be plugged into this phone?
does this come with the cord?
Does it work with digital phone service from a cable company?
Is this phone a bright red color like the photo?
What's the difference between the Cortelco Kellogg 2500 Phone and the SCI-25003 Emergency 2510E Phone? They look identical and price is the same.
does it have caller id
IS THIS FOR A BROTHER SX-4000
Is this the right cartridge for a Brothers ML 300 ?
is this item a correction cartridge only or ink/correction cartridge?
installation instructions
are installation instructions included
can it solve the daily newspaper jumble
it does any other langage as french.....?
will it phoenetic spell correct?
is the information updated from this model purchased in 2008
What are the differences between the Franklin 6000 and the Franklin 6000b?
LM 6000b operates on 9 v dc. where can you find 4 AA cells giving you 9 volts.
Does it translate to/from Spanish?
does it speak in sentences?
Can each person use the same instrument to speak two different languages and get both translated in the spoken word?
does it translate in italian?
How do I get instrction for this calculator. no one seem to know were it's at.
Does this printer use a spool B/R ribbon or B/R ink cartridge/roller
Can this model be purchased without the clock I have a watch &amp; I phone
does it have a built in clock and calendar?
I'll ask the question again here. Can anyone here tell me how to set the decimal point on this calculator? Answer only if you know. Thank you.
which size roll paper do i need to order for this? my original roll is finished.
where is the clock and time, mine does not have that
Does the print and paper feeder work well?
Printing works well?
How do you get a 0 CA (clear symbol) to print out?
I have a Lexmark Printer and use the #16 Lexmark cartridge. Is this product truly a Lexmark Cartridge and not a generic brand? Thanks, Pat
is this a remanufactured cartridge or an origional?
What is the difference between the remanufactured and the original cartridges?
Shipping to Puerto Rico?
this is the origional package but some say new packaging? remanufactured?
How quiet is it while in use?
I have this calculator and my buttons have stopped working. I've unplugged it, turned if off to try to reset it, but nothing works. Stuck on 0. Help
Is this AC powered or battery?
I don't understand the "rounding" button. If I don't want it to round at all, which slot do I put it in? Left, right or middle?
COMA FOR THOUSAND IS ON TOP
If I need to calculate the same percentage for a list of numbers, can I set a constant?
what size roll of paper?
Does this come with a charger?
Is it programmable? If yes what language?
Can I get it shipped to Australia or US only?
Does this calculator come with batteries?
Is there a difference between this TI-83 Plus Graphing Calc and the other listed on Amazon as TI-83 Plus PROGRAMMABLE Graphing Calculator?
programming: where is the yfact xfact fuction
TI-83 Plus silver: Is the cable an essential piece or can I get by without it?
does the entire formula display on the screen
is the manual included?
is the printer compatable with android dragon touch or does some form of installation needs tl
What operating systems(OS) is this compatible with?
will it work with a windows 98 laptop
hello my friend. really, What does include the printer? what windows`programs compatable with?
Does this have a way of connecting to a mobile device
Does it come with a USB cord for laptops? and is the hole part where u plug the usb into like a headphone hole?
does it have WiFi
Does this printer print 5x7 and smaller paper?
Is this printer compatible/operational with the Microsoft Surface Tablet?
What size paper used,weight and is it powered by electricity.
This printer only print black and white. and I do a lot of traveling is this a good printer to use for my traveling needs.
Hi, I'm trying to fin out, if this item is what I'm looking for. Is it possible to enable it with a tablet ( Samsung Tab 3)? thanks a lot for your answer
What operating systems(OS) is this compatible with?
does this work for an hp laptop?
Please... compatible with language ESC/POS ?????
can i use a roll for this printer or is it individual sheets
will this work for printing out shipping labels on ebay? if so would it be betterto gt this or a regular printer??
Will it work with an iphone
will it work on windows 98 laptop
How big is the paper?
Hi I need to know the expire date?
what is the expiration date on this print head?
what is the expiration date on the hp11 cyan? thanks
what is the expiration date on the HP 11 cyan? thanks
what is the expiration date on the HP11 cyan ink cartridge? thanks
what is the date marked on the item?
what is the Exp Date on HP 11a printhead the box. All retail package should have exp dates
which is the date that indicates the box?
Hi, do they come in HP Original retail Box ? What is the expiration date ?
which is the date that indicates the box?
How does this compare to the MagnaDoodle and the Fisher Price (full size)? We currently have a cheap dollar store doodler and look to upgrade.
What are the dimensions of the actual drawing screen?
Can you draw on it with a finger?
Is this made in China?
size?
Is this toy wall-mountable?
does it work when the electricity goes off?
Can it be used as a wall phone?
does the phone have a caller id discplay
where is the battery?
Does this phone work with AT&amp;T connection only or could we use this phone with any connection?
Can the ringer be turned off?
How is the sound quality / how loud can the volume get? (enough for grandma to understand?)
Did I read that you said the call clarity is terrible? What the prob? Static or what?
My keypad doesn't light up good when I pick up the handset, it's very dim. Is this normal?
Is it a bell or an electronic tweet?
can i use this paper on my dell printer? model #v313
Would this work on laser (color) printer?
is this paper or for pictures or regular ink jets
What is the # (pound) of card stock?
Paper weight??
Memory? I bought one this year and it has memory even after turning off, but I bought another this week and it doesn't retain a number. Has anyone experienced this?
What is the actual size of the calculator?
What kind/size batteries does it use?
Doe's this printer accept SD cards?
Can you plug this printer into a MACBOOK PRO computer?
is this dual voltage?
Is this phone pure white or cream colored?
Does it have an answering machine?
Does it require electricity?
How do you program phone numbers on this phone?
is this a speakerphone?
does the paper roll and ink come with?
Does this come with instruction manual? Or is it so basic and intuitive that it does not need manual? (reviews say other models are very complicated).
Does this use standard-size paper roll? Is the paper easy to install?
can it be connected to outlet. Can I get a manual
How do you do a subtraction? Is it 3+ 2- for a 1 or is it 3-2=1 ?
what are dimensions of the TI-5006? does paper roll store inside of case?
what program did you use to create the cards?
Do these have same perferations as your older model 8377?
Will this product work in / feed through an inkjet printer? Please advise. Thank you.
Can I print a double sided card with these? Or do I need a special product?
what weight is the card stock
CAn you print on both front and back?
Has anyone used these with a Xerox Phaser 6010?
Is this pre cut?
will these work with inkjet printer?
is this re-manufactured or is it original hp?
After reading lots of reviews, I see OVER AND OVER again that the cartridges are PAST THEIR EXPIRATION DATE... WHY are you selling expired products?
Is this for use with an hp office jet 4215?
will this cartridge fit in a canon printer?
will this cartridge fit in a canon printer?
Seller, if this is an unopened retail box, what date stamp on the box says?
Seller, is this item still in unopened retail box?
What is the expiration date of your HP 57 color cartridge?
What is the expiration date of your HP 57 color cartridge?
will this work on my hp 145 photosmart printer
I feel like this is a dumb question but is this just regular paper to print out forms that have to be filled out and sent, etc?
I need paper with the feel of magazine paper--a "coated" thin paper with bright color capability, for inkjet printing. Will this work? Othr suggestns?
is the paper size the same A4 size? my printer only use A4 paper
Is that price for one ream? the listing implies that, of couyrse. wow, what great paper that must be...but the picture shows a 3-ream box.
Can I use this paper for 2 side printing ?
The picture of the product shows a box with 10 reams, 500 sheets/ream. Can you confirm I woudl actually be receiving 10 reams and not one ream?
If this is a ream of 20 lb paper, why is the shipping weight only 5 lb?
will this work with hp inkjet 2540
Is this the price for one ream of paper or one carton with several reams of paper? $11.04 is an outrageous price for 500 sheets of paper.
Is this only 1 ream or more?
does it come with ribbon and correcting ribbon
I have Brother IF-50 printer interface. Does this typewriter have a port for it. (It can be used as a computer printer)
Is the touch of the keyboard similar to PC/Apple keyboard, or require additional pressure as in old time electric typewriter?
How do you over ride automatic functions and make it just a manual typewriter?
can it work on 220 voltage in europe
What type pitch comes with the typewriter? Lorraine
Can you turn the spell check off?
what is included in the package?
Does it come with memory capability?
what ribbon do I order?
WHAT ARE THE DIMENTIONS?
Question on cart: I can't tell from the picture - does the top shelf have an edge around it or is it just flat?
What is the height between shelves? I want to be able to place 2-liter soda bottles (13") standing UPRIGHT on the lower two shelves.
Will this hold 5-gallon water bottles on their side?
Can the wheels be taken out? Will it can stand very still on the ground if the wheel can be taken out?
I plan to carry it to India on flight. What is the package dimension?
What is the height *without* the casters? Thanks!
What are the dimensions of this cart?
Do you HAVE to install the middle shelf (i.e. are there 8 short poles or 4 long poles) or can you safely leave it out?
Does the height (33") include the wheels?
Can I use this paper to make cut out stencils? I'll be using paints &amp; markers to trace the stencils onto live (out of the garden) vegetables :) So, you see my need for waterproof ~ thanks ~ seena
How thick is this paper? How does the thickness compare to a business card?
I am wanting to use this paper for water bottle labels. Will this work for that? I have a Brother MFC-J6910DW Printer. Has anyone had experience?
Is this the 8mil or the 10mil paper?
Can you write on it with a #2 pencil and have good results?
How many lumens on this projector, also, can I buy a spare bulb with it?
This machine is een purchase for an impaired vision can He plalce a letter on the glass and it will be magnified on a screen so that he can read?
I want to put a photograph on the screen and project it on the wall to enlarge the outline to paint. Would this projector work for that application?
Can I put pages from a book and project it on the screen or do i put transparencies on the pages first
Will this also work with the image outlined on tracng paper?
how large will this projector make an image ?
I'm interested in the 1830. Can it project a floor-to-ceiling image onto an 8' wall, or do I need a higher model number?
I decorate cakes would work for me to put a picture in, sit the cake on the base project it down on the cake and trace around it?
I have designed a painting I want to paint on a 6 foot by 6 foot wall. Will this machine project the picture on the wall so I can paint it?
is there a battery backup?
when you retrie voice mail, does the date/time stamp also include the called from phone number?
Does this phone require a telephone system or Internet? Can I plug in to a typical or standard phone line?
Does this phone have a feature indicating that there is a new voicemail message on a telecom provider's voicemail service?
Does this phone have an "answering machine" system? It will allow you to record a greeting in case you're unable to answer?
Can you use a telezapper with Vonage?
how to connect with dsl line? lost manual
Can it be used in conjunction with a Sentry call blocker
Does Telezapper work with AT&amp;T U-verse
Can you use telezapper (to sit tone robocalls) upstream from cpr call blocker (to selectively block other calls)?
Can you use telezapper (to trick computer generated robocalls using SIT tones so they delete you from their lists) and place the telezapper upstream from cpr call blocker (to selectively block other calls)? Can you use a two-tiered approach by using...
Does it work if you get your phone service through a cable company along with TV and Internet all coming in on one cable?
Does it work if you get your phone service through a cable company? Anything special need to be done?
What is the advanced setting at bottom of unit ?
users guide
Can u tell me the "use before" date ? I need 3 x C9721A. Thanks!
Can you please give me the expiration date on the box?
I need to buy C9720A. Pls advise how many pages can be printed ?
I was looking at the Cyan 641A by hp, need expiration?
i need the expiration date of what you wouild send?
Is this an original hp cartridge? The description says remanufactured but the title says original.
that day expires?
I know that,! Just tell me the "use before" date and then, will decide to buy 3 of those. Thanks!
Hi, Do you have C9721 too?
Is the product new and in original packaging?
Can u tell me the "use before" date ? I need 3 x C9721A. Thanks!
Can you please give me the expiration date on the box?
I need to buy C9720A. Pls advise how many pages can be printed ?
I was looking at the Cyan 641A by hp, need expiration?
i need the expiration date of what you wouild send?
Is this an original hp cartridge? The description says remanufactured but the title says original.
that day expires?
I know that,! Just tell me the "use before" date and then, will decide to buy 3 of those. Thanks!
Hi, Do you have C9721 too?
Is the product new and in original packaging?
Can u tell me the "use before" date ? I need 3 x C9721A. Thanks!
Can you please give me the expiration date on the box?
I need to buy C9720A. Pls advise how many pages can be printed ?
I was looking at the Cyan 641A by hp, need expiration?
i need the expiration date of what you wouild send?
Is this an original hp cartridge? The description says remanufactured but the title says original.
that day expires?
I know that,! Just tell me the "use before" date and then, will decide to buy 3 of those. Thanks!
Hi, Do you have C9721 too?
Is the product new and in original packaging?
does this phone have caller id capability if I have this service from the phone company? I don't see the numbers on the display?
can this phone be wall mounted
Does the phone show which line is in use at an extension line?
Does this phone have an external electric cord that must be plugged into an outlet?
Its have Call Waiting?
DOES it require batterie?
does this phone have a switch to shut off the ringer?
My Panasonic central is model KX-T30810B Does this phone me use with this central????
is phone wall mountable
can you mount it on the wall
Can u tell me the "use before" date ? I need 3 x C9721A. Thanks!
Can you please give me the expiration date on the box?
I need to buy C9720A. Pls advise how many pages can be printed ?
I was looking at the Cyan 641A by hp, need expiration?
i need the expiration date of what you wouild send?
Is this an original hp cartridge? The description says remanufactured but the title says original.
that day expires?
I know that,! Just tell me the "use before" date and then, will decide to buy 3 of those. Thanks!
Hi, Do you have C9721 too?
Is the product new and in original packaging?
With my old inkjet printer the photos smear and fade in a few years Are the newer printers any better.
Can I print boyh sides?
Is the white on the non-printable side noticeable "less-white" than the printable side, also any logos/markings?
can I use this to print black and white photos the traditional way (I.e., using a dark room and developer)
where can i get the profile for this?
Can you us this with a laser jet printer?
Will you guarantee that the cartridge will not be past the expiration date?
My printer did not come with the set up ink cartridges will not set up without them (HP) doesn't make them is this printer trashed?
What is the expiration date on the ink cartridge?
Why does the picture show orig. pkg.? There wasn't any mention next to the price (as they claim) about warranty or packaging. My exp. is 11/06!
a1320, b4550,c1300,d1200,e2200,f5000
is it a 56 or a 56b
what is expiration date
Does it have an audio jack to plug in a headset?
does it display caller ID?
Answers here seem to be vague about whether this phone can be wall mounted. Can anyone tell me for sure? This feature is very important to me.
Can this be connected to my computer?
Does it have an external power supply or is it powered by the phone line (other than the batteries)?
What head set can I use with this phone? Are there adapters? I already bought a headset that won't work with it. Thanks!
Does this one have a power adaptor? Does it require a wire running to an electrical outlet? It sounds like it just relies on internal batteries.
I currently have the more expensive version and the buttons stick. Will the buttons stick
Does this phone allow a headset to be plugged in? I have seen 2 answers to this same question. One says yes the other says no. ????
We use internet for our phone service.Can this phone work for that?
when the plantronics S12 headset is connected to this phone is the sound quality good?
Is there a hookup for an adaptor, or are you stuck with the batteries? Black TS 105 B - keeps switching to another model when posted!!
Does this phone work without having the 3-AAA batteries in it? Will this telephone work with a headset without installing the 3-AAA batteries?
Is this a 1-line or 2-line phone?
what size is the headphone jack?
Does this phone have a message answering machine option?
Does it have caller ID
what are the dimensions of the phone
does this have a headset jack
Does this phone have a "hold" button feature?
Does this machine have a scan function to scan documents to my computer, as opposed to only being able to scan a document for fax purposes?
If one tray runs out of paper while receiving a fax or copying, will it automatically go to the 2nd tray to finish receiving the fax or copying?
can this machine print documents that are created on my computer such as Word, excel, and pdf documents.
Does this product come with the drum?
what is the difference between the ppf and the superG3?
how do I get a copy of the one year warrany?
will the 4750e work on a digital phone line?
Does this come with the first toner cartridge?
Does this come with the "optional" 10/100 baseTX Ethernet? if not, how do it get it?
I am attempting to delete a job and it will not delete so any other jobs in line to print will not print. How can I delete the job?
Can you print regular documents on 8.5x11 paper on this or just photos?
how to copy to my computer
does it work with windows 8
How to get cover off
I need to know the expiration day
How much ink is in the cartridge?
Does the cartridge come inside of the original retail box? Sometimes when I order, vendors will send us cartridges in just the wrapper.
Is there another cartridge that will fit my all in one HP1315 other than the #27 that will hold more ink?
what is the expiration date?
What are the expiration dates of your 27 Black cartridges? If I decide to order I would want a cartridge with a 2015 expiration date or later.
Does it havw\e answering machine
does it use plain paper? what kind of ink does it use? cost?
Where can I buy a user manual for the Panasonic KX-FHD331 Plain Paper Fax?
What grade paper do you have to use?
I need operating manual and disc. How do I order?
is it Mac OS X 10.3.9 compatible?
I'm interested to know what size paper only supports ... a4?
What is the maximum scanable size in inches? Can it at least scan an entire 8.5" x 11" page?
will it scan a photo to a disk?
will this scanner work on Win.7 ?
will this scanner scan a photo in jpg format. It's no good to me if there is no setting to make the scanned pictures .jpg
I'm looking for a scanner that can scan 9x12 inch paper. I remember one of my older canons are able to do so, I can't remember if this is the one.
is it compatable to windows 7
Does this help remove finger oil from keyboards?
Will this help with sticky keys?
Can the cleaner be used on black keyboards?
Can this be used on a laptop keyboard?
Can anyone rate the long-term performance of these labels? Do they hold up over time? Any wrinkling, colors falling apart or peeling problems?
How do you get the software that goes with these labels? On the labels it says to go to "memorex.com/labelmaker" but when I do that it says "0 results found..."
how many cd labels do you get with this kit?
Can I put these labels over top another label?
Do these require a carrier sheet, or do they feed directly into the printer?
Can someone please confirm if this package is for 300 or 600 labels. is it 300 sheets in the pack as listed?
Can these labels be used on DVDs? All references that I see have to do with CDs.
how many labels?
Do you need the stamper to work with these, or can you adhere without it?
I will be using Mac OSX. Will these work with that?
What is the date of manufacture? Photo electric drums for laser printers have at best a 48 month shelf life so the date of manufacture is important.
Is the toner included,? or I have to buy separately ?
Is this a refurbished product or factory sealed new?
is this a genuine brother OEM new unit? My fax is the MFC 2800
Will product 98107 Work with Windows 7 &amp; 8? The CD Stomper I own now will not However it worked fine with my old windows 95.
will it run on windows7
IS it compatible with Windows 7?
Does it work with Mac?
Is the software for Windows 7
is this software inted to use on a 64bit system,?
Does the printout include decimals and commas?
What is the actual size of this calculator?
Is the printout dual color?
Does this calculator have a square root key?
Does this calculator have a sign change (+/-) key or function?
what is the distance between the front feet? I want to be able to slide my laptop under it easily.
Is this adjustable to make it higher?
Has any one purchased two and stacked them? I am looking to have a 22" wide monitor on top, laptop in the middle and keyboard and mouse on bottom
How many pounds is this rated to hold? I was looking to use it for my printer.
What are the EXACT dimensions underneath between the front and back legs?
What are the overall dimensions of the riser's top?
What are the dimensions of this item?
Will this hold a 27-inch iMac?
Can you get additional leg extenders to make this even taller than it comes in the package?
Wlhat are the dimensions of this Fellowes Riser Unit # 91712?
Do these come off without leaving a residue? Looking for an alternative to the pricey neon labels for organizing things.
use for fba?
Are these the labels to use to print Fullment by Amazon Item Bar Codes which call for 1" by 2 5/8"
are the 5160 labels the same sizing as 5260 for use with a printer setting of avery 5260?
Are these inkjet compatible?
Can i use these lables with a laser peinter?
will it hold a paperback book?
Would this sit pretty solid holding a small whiteboard as I write on it?
does it fold up flat to fit in a backpack easily?
The description says "adjustable". What can you adjust? The angle of the book?
Could this be used to hold an iPad?
Need to know the MAXIMUM book width I need at least 1.75 inches of room (for LARGE books). I have one now that allows 1.5 inches and it is NOT enough.
Does it do well with newspapers?
Is this possible to hold A 2 pages ? Thanks
So this is ONLY available for purchase from Amazon if i buy other "qualifying merchandise totalling over $25"? I cannot buy this on its own?
Can it hold sheet music ?
What are the dimensions of this item?
is this purple or blue?
Does this mousepad work with an optical mouse?
Does the 9" include the writ pad?
Is the pad part flexible or stiff?
What type of backing does it have and does it stay in place while in use?
Does the pad work for wireless mice and offer smooth tracking?
Does it have a chemical odor?
The images only show the Blue as having a wrist pad. So, has any one bought one of these mouse pads with a design? If so, does it have the wrist pad?
Do you load the paper glossy side facing down?
Do you have the exact packaging as pictured? Little girl on chair?
HP Premium Plus paper: Do most people prefer the Soft Gloss or High Gloss for highest quality ink jet printing of 8.5 X 11 prints?
Does this photo paper work with HP 38 Pigment Inks? I had a box of HP paper and it had in small print, not recommend for 38 inks.
How do you load the photo plus glossy paper on the HP 6400 pro printer?
Does it make photos look like disposable cameras do?
can you use a hp laser jet printer on this photo paper?
Does this include cables and manual
is this like the old TI 92 qwerty graphing calculator? My old TI92 calculator finally broke and I am in desperate need to replace it. Does this voyage model replace the old TI 92?? I mean....Is it just as good or even better than my old one?? I would...
i wonder if the used ones include the usb cables ?
what is the actual size of the organizers?
will an ipad mini fit inside it ?
does it have a 2015 week daily appointment pages with 9-6 pm?
What is ring size?
How is it set up? Just by the month? The week? Day? All 3? How about some infor on that?? Jeeze!
Can you tell me if there is a space inside to hold a small calculator? I would use one of the small, thin calculators. Thanks for your help.
How many rings are there?
I want to glue these on the inside of my kitchen cabinets with the magnetic side out to post recipes, etc, to...will this work with other magnets?
Two different quantities shown - which one is correct? Which one is correct?
Any idea if these are waterproof at all?
I want to turn paper dolls &amp; their clothes into magnets for my daughter. Could I do that with this paper? Will the clothes stick &amp; stay on the dolls?
Can you draw on the sheets with marker/crayon, or do they specifically have to go through a printer?
Is the paper matt finish or glossy finish?
Printer: Does this work only on Inkjet printers?
Used on cars? Are they strong enough to stick to a car?
do you know the thickness (mm)?
My printer jams with these. If yours doesn't, what printer do you have?
How many inches does it elevate the monitor?
imac
Can anyone confirm if a Playstation 4 will fit under this stand?
Is 14.5 x 4 x 11 inches the box size or the Stand measurements?
I plug my HP laptop into a docking station-it's about 3" high; would it fit under the shelf?
Is this stand sturdy enough to hold a 20" iMac?
I want to store my laptop on top and my tablet underneath on an end table when not in use. Will it work for that?
Actual measurements?
will it hold tv?
I have a 14" laptop would it fit underneath?
What are the dimensions of the mounting bracket? And can it be installed if there is a 2 inch lip under the work surface?
Is the height adjustable? If so, does anyone know the range of adjustment up or down in inches?
how much space (front to back) is needed for the mounting bracket?
Are the wrist pads removable?
Can this be mounted to a diagonal desk?
How thick does the desk have to be to mount the keyboard tray?
Can this be mounted to a granite countertop?
What is the total length including the mouse tray?
Does the tray tilte? up, down or both
Does this slide back (under the desk) or simply pivot?
can you run Afterburner Click 'n design on Windows 7 or 8?
Does this software come with a jewel case, dvd....... template to allow you to import images to creat cover art?
Will the software work on a MAC??
does this mouse have a robbery smell?
Does it work with optical mice?
It reeks,,, will the smell ever go away?
what is this mouse pad material make of?
What size is it, the title says 8"X9" description says 9"X7"?
Will this pad stay in place and not move/shift around with use?
Is it comfortable? possibly prevention of carpal tunnel?
I hate the palm rest. It's totally non-ergonomic, because the jelly-like filler turns into a veritable sink-hole--and stays that way. You too?
what is the thickness of this mouse pad?
will this work in a cp910?
Does this paper and ink cartridge fit Canon CP780?
Can the ink catridge (selphy KP-108) be seperately purchased, without paper?
Can you use any 4 x 6 photo paper with the Canon Selphy CP900
I can't use the ink cartridge in my printer, so does the paper have the postcard stuff on it already or do you have to print that yourself?
Does this paper work with the Selphy CP910 printer? I bought it for it but I'm unable to get it to print. Is this postcard paper wrong for the CP910?
How many photos (4x6) can print out from 1 ink pack?
does this work for selphy cp900
Would this work for better pictures from a Canon MX 522?
Does this come with power box/cord?
The phones come with his original box?
How difficult is this phone to set-up for a home office with an existing DSL connection and phone number?
Can I use this phone with Ooma?
Does the phone supply a phone number or do i need a service provider?
Can I use this phone with Vonage
Can this phone be plugged into the house telepone jack or it needs any special devices to connect?
I use magicJack - is this phone compatible?
Do I need a POE switch with this phone or is it built in?, I am doing a connection from the LAN to my computer.
Does it support POE?
Will this scanner work with Windows 7 Professional. I am currenlty using this scanner on this system. Not sure if insides are different with this same scanner.
I've upgraded to Windows 8 computer. Is there any 3rd party software that allows the Fujitsu fi-4120c to work with Windows 8?
Will it work with windows vista or vista professional?
Will this work with windows home premium 7, 32 bit
DOES IT SUPPORT TWAIN DRIVERS??
What operating system is it compatible with?
How thick are these? I've seen other people list them as 9.5 mil, but I don't see where or if it says that on the package. TIA
Has the packaging changed? I ordered what the image is - because that's what I have - I don't want to open what I received if it's not right!
Can you laminate both sides of a document on the one laminate sheet so that you have the front and back of a document on the one laminte sheet?
are these pouches?
How thick is the lamination? (i.e. 3mil, 9.5mil, etc.)
Can you Cut these sheets?
Can you write and erase on these with dry-erase markers?
Am I supposed to remove the plastic covering from the bottom (presumably to secure the pad in one place)?
I read a review that this pad smells really bad. Does everyone agree? I have an issue with that but I like the design
Can you use this to lean an elbow on?
what are the dimensions?
Is there a smaller version of this mouse pad - 4 or 5" diameter?
Can you attach it to a laptop
Will this work with an additional gel wrist support?
does this have the california state warning about possible cancer causing agents
how to apply?
I used oil but still only have half the shredder shredding! what else can I do. Looked through the blades and don't see any excess paper.
What weight is the oil as I can possibly use it for other applications?
what about using RD40?
My shredder gets light usage - how do I know when to oil?
I am thinking of buying the amazon basics shredder for $49 and want to buy the oil. Can the fellowes powershred performance oil be used with this?
can you use a regular vegetable oil in the shredder
Benefit over lube sheets? Can I use this instead?
Is this oil only for Fellowes shredders?
Can it kill pets?
Described as " Pad, 1-Inch Ruled, 50 Sheets" and "2-Count." Meaning what? 2 pads x 50 pages = 100 sheets? A total of 50 sheets?
ruled: do these have wide lines?
What is the actual size of the sheets? Need them less than 30" long.
are there two to a pack or just one?
what is the width(side to side) of the well portion
What is the clearance required so the handles fit with the drawer closed?
is the width fixed or does it adjust to fit different width drawers?
Would anyone be kind to give me measurements of the top "outer" width (12.8" if as described?), and the outer width for the bottom.
Is 15" the width? Seems too wide since actual hanging folders are 12-3/4" wide. My 3rd deep drawer is 12-1/4" wide. Any more details please.
Is the width of 11.8 inches the actual width of the tray or is it more likely the width of the packaging? I'm hoping to squeeze two into a 23" drawer.
Can these individual compartments each hold a standard-sized rubber stamp? Thanks!
Hi, the length of my drawer is 37cm. Will this product be able to fit? Thanks
would it be stackable if i bought 2?
Can 3x3 post it notes fit in any of the compartments?
Can anyone tell me if this one is made in USA? My old one is and am curious if it is the same quality.
Is this made of plastic or metal mesh? It looks like metal.
I want something to put card stock on....one shelf for each color. Would this work good for that?
How much weight can each shelf hold? I am looking for something to hold a few laptops I use on a regular basis. Will it hold 3 laptops closed?
How much space is there between trays (how tall a box can I put in the tray and not hit the next one?)
Does this have to be attached to the wall or can it stand alone?
Does it come already assembled ?
Is this wide/sturdy enough to support a few video game consoles? Trying to make an inexpensive gaming shelf.
Is this item made out of plastic or metal? Some the answer said metal but the description it said is constructed of durable plastic.
what size is the storage space
Would this possibly hold a ps2, ps3 and wii? Anyone ever tried testing this for game consoles?
I'm comparing this to the 3-pocket version of this. How deep is each slot?
how many pockets in this organizer?
do it have opennings at the bottom so if you put coupons in a slot, they will fall through
Does it come with hooks to hang it on a wall? How can I hang it from my cubicle?
Would this work good for 3 inch 3 ring binders?
How wide are the individual slots?
Is this pretty sturdy? I am looking to organize my daughters construction paper.
Can you stand this up and have the files work horizontally?
Does this sit flat on a table?
I am looking at the image, and it looks like you might be able to remove some of the seperators. Is that possible?
Is this good to hold makeup pallets ?
Can you put it inside a drawer?
Is there an incline to the storage section? The pic makes it appear there's a bit of a slope and I need something that's all on the same level. Thanks
Is the blade self sharpening
Would this be a suitable way to cut 3/16 inch foam board for photo mounting?
will this cut a record album jacket (cover)?
Did anyone ever tried cutting meat with one of these? Cutting through the ribs perhaps?
Once the blade dulls, can you purchase another blade or sharpen the blade?
Will this cut heavier quality poster board?
How accurate is this cutter? I'm looking to cut DVD covers printed on photo paper, and it needs to be exact.... Thanks!
is the blade self sharpening?
Can this cut cardboard?
Are the ruler markings painted or engraved into the board?
does it cut laminated paper
What are the dimensions of the product base &amp; the handle over hang?
Can this cut chip board?
is the arm made of plastic or metal
Does this cutter trim fabrics
Could I use this to cut card stock (say three sheets of the thickness of index cards)?
Is this product made in America?
Would this work well for cutting cardboard, like cardboard used for shipping packages? Thanks
Does the blade on this product dull quickly with frequent usage? Is there a way to sharpen the blade? Or do you have to throw it away and invest in a
Is the blade self-Sharpening?
Is the Guillotine made of plastic or wood?
Does this cut 12 inch paper well? I have an 8 inch that doesn't actually cut 8 inches of paper well, It kind of hangs up at the end.
Will this cut vinyl laminate, like upholstery material?
Where do I get a new blade. I have not had it long. I have been cutting vinyl and coupon inserts and not cutting well anymore.
Will this cut laminated paper?
How many gallons trash bag does it need? Thanks.
if wet will this rust?
Is this basket tapered as shown in the user submitted photo, or straight like the Amazon photo?
how big is the hole spacing on the mesh? i'd like to use it as a faraday cage and need the holes to be no more than 1cm apart.
Do plastic grocery bags from WalMart or Target fit nicely in this?
Would this be strong enough to use as a stool if turned upside down? Wanting to use it as a stool to go under a small desk and add a cushion on top.
How many gallons does this hold?
towels
does this package come with the editing tool? It appears so from the illustrations, but wanted to check. thanks.
Does it punch through lamination easily?
Are there spines for this machine that can hold 150+ pages? I need to make a large booklet with this but the largest spine I've seen is 85 pages.
How many holes does it make?
Does it come with any ProClick spines?
Is this fit to punch A4 papers?
Anyone's machine have a loose cover (for emptying paper remnants)? Mine is very loose and I'm concerned about a mess......curious if this is common..
whats the smallest size of spline can use 3/16? can one do the 8 1/2 side of the paper?
Does this really take 1-2 months to ship? I would like to order but really need it sooner than that.
Does an one know how many holes dose this punch I know it say it's for proclick spirle but would I be able to use for coil binding punch round holes
1. How many names per page?
Does this book have any extra pages for internet passwords?
Does this have a space for email addresses?
does anyone know of a phone book that you can place the alphabet on the tabs cuz i never have enuf space for certain last names particularly M &amp; S.
Can employees check in/out more than once in one day
ok my employees need to clock in and out for breaks twice a day is that going to work on this time clock!!! Pyramid
Does this allow auto deductions, lunch, breaks?
will the time clock calculate daily overtime
Does this machine calculate daily?
How long will the back up battery hold the time without resetting and is it hard to reset
Where is the pyramid 4000 clock made
Does it calculate overtime?
How does the machine know how many hours for each card? Do the employees need to be entered into the machine?
Is this run by electric?
How big (or small) are these teeny tiny letters everyone keeps talking about (maybe height)? Can someone post a picture of something they stamped with this? Thanks!
Up to what year does this stamp go to?
Does the ink work over plastic, such as tape or lamination?
What are the dimensions of the stamped area? How many letters per line? What's the font?
Are there uppercase letters and lowercase letters, or just uppercase?
Is the ink red?
dose it have the @ symbol?
Does anyone have a link or information for the ink replacement pad for this model?
Where can you get letters that are bigger for this??? Like what store...what should I look for? Really great product but need bigger letters!
What size is the slot on top? Will a 3 1/2" envelope slide in?
How good is the lock? Other boxes reviews say their locks can be opened with other items (in one case a fingernail).
Can this be wall mounted?
what is the size of the top slot?
If I order 10+ can I have them keyed/ lock the same, so they will all be opened with the same key?
How tall is the box?
I need to monitor the coming and going of a single employee who comes to my home when I am not there. Would this person be able to alter the setting?
In order to use this machine i need a computer?
when you punch in...does the time clock stamp it automatically or does the person have to press a button?
Can I use this printer to do time stamps on a receipt paper?
Can I put my A4 paper in the time clock instead of punch card?
I'm using this for document Stamping, Received, Paid, Etc..., Can i change the date to what i need it to be?
What type of battery does is use?
does this time clock have a bell ringer for breaks and lunch?
Is this time clock battery operated or electric?
I'm not understanding why this clock cost $112.00 to ship? Where are you located? What Country?
Can you tell me the outside dimensions please? thanks, Mary
Does this hold 3x5 cards?
Does the cover close?
Can I replace the 500 index cards with 500 rolodex cards with sleeves so I can insert business cards instead?
How many vertical lines there are on each page?
How easily do the pages erase? Does the book lay open flat?
What are he column headings and how many columns are there?
what is the size of this book?
will it fit inside a 12 by 12 safe?
How many pages are in the book?
What are the dimensions of the book?
does it have an index a-z for ph numbers
How many pages does the ledger have?
Can you write on the front and back of each page? Thanks.
Will these labels only work with a laser printer or does an inkjet (like an HP Officejet) provide a good print?
I want to be able to write on these, not use them with a printer. Can a ball-point pen be used in them? How about a felt-tip pen?
If I only use 10 labels at a time, are the other 20 labels on that page wasted or can the templets be adjusted to print on the remaining labels?
Are these vinyl labels? What are these made from? Will they resist oil?
Has anyone used these on water bottles and placed them in the dishwasher?
Are the labels easily removable? Say, if I need to relabel my kitchen containers, will it leave bits of the label on the container after I rip it off?
Why does it say Not For Canon Laser Printers? I have an L90. Would these labels work?
Do these cards have the perforated edges that are the easy tear apart kind of thing or do they need to be cut?
I have HP ink jet printer when I feed the first page through it comes out blank and I have to re-feed in order for it to print, any ideas why ?
Can this be used with a laser printer? I accidently ordered the wrong thing and need it done in a couple of days. thanks
What's the weight of these cardstock? Says 90-94lb in the description, but I just want to confrim.
Whats the point size?
What thickness are they (what cardstock weight)?
How many inserts per page and what happens if you only want to print one or two? Can you print a second time to use up the remaining inserts?
show a photograph of the actual label not the advertise cover sheet
show a photograph of the label
Are these adhesive strips?
I need a strap that will go around a 25 inch sleeping mat. How is the 27 inch measured?
The circumfereces I need are 21" inches and 28" inches.
Hi, I am looking for a couple 1" to 1.5" wide Black elastic Velcro straps to hold my motorcycle seat cushion (AirHawk) to my dual-sport motorcycle be
Are both side of the velcro stretchy or just one? Most straps have just one stretchy end and I need them both like that.
What material are these sleeves made from?
Are these plastic sleeves top loadin?
Do these protectors have holes for putting them into 3-ring binders?
Can someone tell me if these will hold papers that are 9 inches across (instead of the standard 8 1/2 inches across)?
can you use dry erase markers on these?
Are the 25 sheets attached together or can they be used in separate binders?
Which Fiskars blades work on this cutter? I have same thing, only much longer and it is indeed a workhorse. Are all their 45 mm blades the same?
how do you change the blade?
Will it cut 12 X 12 paper? Are the measurement markings in 1/8 inch increments? It would almost exclusively be used for cards/invitations.
what size blade does it use is it interchangale with knife cutter blade ?
can this model effectively cut a sheet of stock paper that has been laminated?
Approximately how many pieces of paper will it cut at one time?
Hi is this cutter the one pictured? Is the bar silver not black? Does it have the black cutting strip that can be removed and rotated?
Does this have magnets to help hold the paper still during cutting?
Does this item come with blade?
What is the actual size of the pocket? Will it hold a postcard which measure 4 1/8 on a side?
Does this fit in a regular 3 ring binder?
What is the overall size of the entire sheet?
What is the overall size of the entire sheet?
Are photos loaded from the top or the side? If I tip my binder to the side could the pictures slide out?
Is there a place on the page to insert a cut piece of paper underneath each photo, as in labeling or adding a description?
What is the gauge of these pages, i.e. 6.5?
There's some free space below each photo. Is it possible to insert a piece of paper (e.g. a small note card)?
Are these top or side loading?
Can you insert a index card 4x6 and be able to see it on both sides
Are they top loading?
Are these the shiny/glossy sheets or are they more of a matte finish with any texture or cloudiness on them? Thanks! :)
Do you think it will protect a thin single paper?
Can one fit a thick magazine in? Is it mylar?
Is there a backing paper in each protector?
How do I find protective sheets for 2" x 2" photo slides?
could i use a dry erase maker on these? i'm looking for clear plastic to do that.
Will this actually fit an 8"x11" size paper or is some of the size taken up in the binder holes?
Are these suitable for photographs?
Does anyone know what type of plastic this is? Is it Polypropylene?
What is the stacking strength on these boxes?
Can you tell me where are these boxes made?
What are the dimensions.
Does this product come with the Manila files that are inside the box? Are there dividiers inside the box?
How many legal files does it hold
How high would the bottom of a binder be from the counter when it is sitting in the rack (1/4 " or 1/2" or less/more)?
what are dimensions
what are the dimensions
how heavy is this item in pounds please
What is the overall size of this organizer?
What is the depth of each slot? I need something more than 2 inches deep.
Is this letter size?
Are you able to take out any of the shelves to make only have 3 shelves with extra room?
Where can you get the blank labels for the trays?
How deep is the space between each shelf?
dimensions?
Is this wide enough that I can fit 3-ring binders?
what are dimensions of this product?
Any chance of fitting 2 sheets of paper in 1 protector? I see that they specify only 1 page but I need protectors that will hold 2, not 10 or 50.
Are these "stiff" or easily folded?
dry erase
Are the keys sturdy? Or are they like a cheap poker sets keys?
what is the size
can the key be removed when unlocked?
I lost both of the keys that came with this, can I order replacement keys or am I going to have to go to a locksmith and get new ones made?
How many keys does it come with?
Is the box easy to open if you lose the key? Or can you use a similar key?
will letter size documents lay flat in it?
Will an iPad2 fit inside?
what are the measurements of this box?
Are these tabs, straight vertical when mounted, or are they angled for easier viewing?
What are the dimensions of this item?
Are they 1/3 cut or 1/5 cut tabs?
Does this include the papers that fit inside for labeling?
Does anyone know how to attach these to a hanging folder?
are these the reversaflex moulded tabs
Will they fit Pendaflex's letter and legal size hanging folders? Probably is my guess!
How wide (or long) are these tabs?
So what is the total number of tabs I will receive? is it 25? or is it 25 (as listed 25 per pack) x 25(as stated in title pack of 25) = 625?
Are these heavier weight, like manila folders and not copy paper weight?
For 5 dividers/set, How many sets are in the Oxford Manila Tab Dividers, Blank, Write On - 5 Tab (M1158) (Office Product)? Answered: 50 sets of 5 dividers per set. Many thanks to all that took the time to respond.
are they 11 pt manila?
How many sets in a box?
Hi. Can you adjust the strap down to 18 inches in length or shorter? I need a lanyard for my 3-year-old.
Will this fit government CAC cards?
Is there any metal in this item?
Is this good to hold passes for Universal Studios
How many crredit cards can this hold comfortably?
Can you fit an American passport in there?
Can you remove the lanyard and replace with a custom one with a metal clip and ring
Will the zipper pouch fit a standard US passport?
Hi! Can you scan/swipe your id while it is in this pouch?
How long is the lanyard strap?
Will it work with a Macintosh?
How do these work in conjunction w/file folders? The package makes it seem like the 3D tabs stick up a bit higher than file folder tabs; am I right?
Is the software included compatible with Windows 8?
Do the tabs work with other standard file folders, that use the standard tabs?
Will it work with a Macintosh?
work with a mac?
Can I Print in all one color or does each letter have to be a certain color
Everytime I press (Print Labels) in Windows 7 64 the software version 4.0 crashes. Any work around??
Is SMD64902 software compatible with Windows 8.1?
Does it do 24 hrtime in hundredths
does this time clock have a bell ringer for breaks and lunch?
Does this timeclock print the date on the timecard as well as the day of the week?
Is this time clock suitable for a nightwatchman's rounds and can be stamped once every hour without overprinting.
Does this run on batteries or connected to the power as we have a lot of power cuts and need something that will continue during power outages.
could you show me an example of a time punch for this unit? Does it show moth, date and time? Also, can it be reset easily for corrections by a supervisor?
How many pages will it hold?
What years are listed on the stickers?
About the rings inside: I have a classic 7 ring leather binder. This holder has only 6 rings? Does that work for the 7 ring planners???
Is this the compact size?
are there 6 ring binders inside? The pic doesn't show.
Is this a 5in binder?
does it come with the 2013 sticker?
Is it really memory foam? One person said it was not. Thanks
Can it fit in a much wider office chair. I don't see a picture of how it's attached.
Where was this product made?
I need to use this on a mobility scooter which has a curved back that is 16" wide. Do y'all think it would stay put?
I need support for shoulders/upper back. Can this be strapped and will it stay in place on the upper back of an executive chair? My chair is 21" wide.
What's the maximum weight they can be held?
Could this be used as a small chair seat cushion?
are the straps long enough for a car?
What printer do you use to print this paper? I plan to print my own photo greeting cards.
I've read that card stock paper works well with Copic Markers. Has anyone tried that with this brand? How does this paper stand up to marker use?
Is this card stock paper Made in the USA?
I'm confused about the weight of card stock. Are higher numbers thinner and low numbers a thicker?
Has anyone used this paper for printing photos?
Will this smear if used on a color laser printer?
Has anyone used this paper for stamping with La Blanche stamps? Is it really smooth?
are those cardstock papers matte? and can it go in a HP Deskjet printer 2540?
is it pre-folded?
Is good for printing labels?
I am looking for a notebook that DOES NOT have perforated/tear out pages. some reviews commented on the perforated pages and some on the lack of...?
Having a terrible time w/ Achilles Trade. Connect Buy: may I PLEASE specify a red &amp; a blue in an order for 2?
Does the display pic of red and blue covers only mean those are the only ones in the "assort."?
Can I please, please ask for red?
what is the unstretched length? and what metal is it?
Which pen refills can i buy for this telescopic pen?
Do you know wave length of rays?
What kind of batteries does it take?
Is there any way to oil the pointer (such as unscrewing the cap and putting a drop of oil in the hole)? The mechanism is a little sticky.
What material is it made from? Looking for pointer that I can take scuba diving.
Are you guys really receiving a Kensington pad? I've ordered twice from Amazon and they delivered an Astar pad instead of the advertised Kensington.
what size
I heard that this chair pad has a chemical smell. Is this true?
heavy
how thick is the pillow
the write up says that it is 14.5X13.5 but people are saying that it's 16 X 16 ., That's a lot of difference depending. Sellers what's the Real Deal
Anyone tried this in an Aeron chair?
Is the cover a stretchable material? I am looking to buy it to take the cover off and put it on my tempurpedic seat cushion
What are the dimentions of the cushion?
Does this seat rest raise you up at all? If not, any suggestions?
How white is this paper? It seems that there is a difference between bright white, ivory, but the colors on the images aren't particular indicative.
If you print front and back, does one side show through the other? Thanks!
Does the ink bleed when the paper is folded onto itself?
Has anyone written on this paper with a fountain pen ?
how many pounds those the 500 sheet box weigth?
Is this paper linen free? And is there any embossing in this paper?
Why is it that you advertise FREE SHIPPING when the final price includes a shipping fee?
Does it work on the iPad mini?
Does it have an eraser?
doe this work with samsung galaxy s4?
Can the stylus insert be replaced with a red ink refill
Will these refills work in the PhD Multi? It definitely doesn't look like what's inside my multi.
Tip mm size
will this refill fit a vintage double heart slim power point pen?
Will this refill fit inside a Paper Mate Power Point Contour Grip pen?
Will this refill work with an old Paper Mate Deluxe Powerpoint? It looks like the correct shape but not sure if it is the correct length, 4 1/8"
will these ink refills for the phd fit the double heart papermate ball point pens
Are these check fraud prevention pens?
Will the ink leak to the back of the normal paper?
Is the point on this pen medium or fine?
Does your colored pens use the same ink flow as the vision series?
Are these the kinds of pens that if you leave the cap off you'll have ink everywhere?
Does this pen smear at all?
What is the tip size in millimeters?
What's the difference from this pen and the uni-ball Onyx Stick Micro Point Roller Ball Pens, 12 Black Ink Pens(60040)?
How many pens do you get
how many pens do u get for 13.04 - very confusing!!
how many pens are included in this pack?
how many in box?
how thick is the ink point when writing?
Is it smooth when writing?
How does it compare to the uniball vision pens? which is smoother?
how can i get a multitude of the neon orange gel pens?
Does the ink bleed through paper?
Is it possible to still buy a bottle of ink?
Do these ink cartridges fit in the Sheaffer Mini Kit, SH/73403?
WILL THIS CATRIDGE FIT DESK PEN SET?
Do these work in the Sheaffer No Nonsense Calligraphy set?
Is this waterproof?
are these cartridges the same as a international cartridge?
Is this Skrip ink? The picture is of classic ink.
I need refill #RTLV86812 for the Stylus Pen
Is blue ink refill available for Zebra F-301
WILL THE F-301 BOLD REFILL FIT IN MY F-701 PEN?
The item name says that it is a fine point, but the Technical Details says it's a medium point. ???
I have a Zebra F-301 (0.7mm refill) will a 1.6mm refill work in my pen?
need to buy refill. how do I find type of refill?
Does it have one or two rollers (the spiral sharpeners)?
Is it possible to mount this vertically?
Is this made in USA??
What is the material it's made of like? A couple reviewers said flimsy metal, another said chrome-plated plastic. I'm confused!
Does this one have a tip-saver feature that prevents over-sharpening?
If you're mounting it to a horizontal surface thick can the surface be?
I have a piece of lead stuck inside, and it only sharpens part of the way. Can you take it apart? How?
I bought one of these and then lost the screws before I had a chance to install it! Can someone tell me what kind of screws are needed for this, and how many?
Can the body be put on "upside down" so that I can mount it under a counter?
will this sharpen carpenter pencils?
Is the pencil 0.7mm as advertised or 0.5mm? Thank you
Where is the pen set made?
IS THIS A TURNING BARREL OR A PUSH DOWN
What the difference between "Lustrous Chrome" and any other chrome available from Cross?
can engraving be added?
Does this pen and pencil set come in a box?
Does this include the box??
dose this set have a rouge color
I know that Prismacolour pencils USED to be made in the USA but are these? The last time I saw these, they were being made in Mexico.
do these colors smear very well
Can these be erased ?
do this come in a case? if so, is it hinged metal? thanks!
Where are these colored pencils made?
do the tips break off easily when gently sharpened?
what colors come in this set?
what colors does it come with
what colours come in the set? :)
what colors do you get?
Are these good to use when you do woodburning on bags, water paper etc?
is there any difference on quality and color shades for USA made and Mexico made Prismacolor set?
are these pencils all different colors? or are their repeats in this set?
can you erase if need be?
does it come sharped.
When compared to say crayola, How much better are they? Is the high price really worth it?
Are these black light reactive?
Are there labels that name each pencil's color? I'd like to buy this for a person who is partially colorblind.
are they non toxic?
Does anyone know if the Cross gel ink refills used in the click-top model will fit/work with the Classis Century model?
Does it come in a gift box?
comes in its case?
Where is this pen made? Cross 3502
Will a roller ball refill fit this pen, or does it take only ballpoint refills?
was it made in the US?
Is this 1 pen or 12 pens?
Can you refill the ink in the pen? If yes, where would I find the ink?
Are these pens waterproof?
The black comes in a pack of 12... Does the pink, purple, or green? Or do those just come as single pens? Even blue or red would be nice to know about. I can't use black at work but I'm addicted to these pens. :(
Is that's pen good for baseball signs
Does it bleed?
Does the eraser work well? I have found that low-cost mechanical pencils tend to have erasers that are virtually useless.
How do you refill the led
How do I refill the pencil?
Can u refill it
Does 1 order of this product mean 12 pencils in 1 package?
is it a number 2 pencil
Is it recyclable?
is it possible to get a list of the color numbers contained in this set?
How do you prevent pencils from breaking, without getting a point, while sharpening them?
what is the practical difference for the everyday user between the "premier" and the "scholar" variety, which are half as much?
are these pencils erasable?
What are the Prismacolor Premier Colored Pencil Numbers for the 24 Pack, Assorted Colors? I know black = PC 935, but what are the others?
Does the set come with the sharpener?
Would these be good to uses on those new "grown-up" coloring books. I'm not an artist by any means.
I currently am using Crayola colored pencils and feel like they break constantly and that I am always sharpening them. Do these pencil tips break easy
Are there labels that name each pencil's color? I'd like to buy this for a person who is partially colorblind.
do they come sharpened?
Does this sharpener do a good job with colored pencils?
can you sharpen colored pencils
Received today, sharped just 2 pencils, doesn't work anymore ????
Does it work batteries
will it sharpen tri pencils
Can you replace the blades?
I have been using this brand/model electric pencil sharpener for almost two years.i have been pleased with it until now it is dull. Can it be sharpene
The literature that this sharpener produces rounded points. Does that mean that it cannot bring the lead to a point?
Is it battery operated
Does it sharpen fat colored pencils?
does it have to be mounted?
Will this shapen any number 2 pencils ? I got it early for my husband for Christmas.
I recieved it but it spin with no traction without using both hands, I have to grab sharpener's body with a pencel and then spin the other hand. But it is too different.How can I use it only one hand? When I use one hand after put a pencel, it spin...
Are the blades replaceable?
Is the X-Acto Ranger 55 made in America?
is this a pack of pencil or just one
black warrior HB2 lead not dark anymore, what happened?
I am looking for Mirado Black Warrior No. 2.5 --- Is that the same as #2?
Will the lead hold up to a heavy hand? Just out of bad habit that will never change, I press very hard usually resulting in flying lead.
Are these round pencils or do they have angled edges? thanks.
I'm a beginning writer and are these worth trying for my new series
Do these come pre sharpened ?
Whats the difference between the Black Warriors and Mirado Classic Yellow pencils?
How do Mirado Black Warriors compare to black Dixon Ticonderoga's and the Palomino Blackwing?
Are these the ones that were made in the USA or the new ones that are made in Mexico? I've noticed a slight difference when writing using old and new.
When pages are in these binders, can they be turned pretty easily (similar to a three ring binder)? Or is this primarily for storing documents?
Can you use sheet protectors with these covers or would they stick out?
Approximately how many pages would it hold?
How thick is the cover material? Old ACCOs were .014", which was OK. What are these?
Just want to make sure it uses standard holes?
How many folders for this price?
Do these folders come with the tabs?
On the picture it appears to have a info pocket in the inside but it does not state that it does on page. I am specifically looking for this type?
How many are in the pack? The qty. isn't listed anywhere.
How many pages will it hold?
How many lines does it have for an address? International addresses can be upto 4 lines
will this fit booklet 8 x 5.5? it has three holes first one 1 and 5 /16th from top.second one 4 2/16 down from top and third hole 6 15/16 from top. ?
does each letter have a separate tab?
Do the tabs have one letter at at a time or two?
what is the size of the page inside the binder?
does this book have a fold area on cover where you can stuff small cards etc!!!
Is the binder flexible or hard
Does it have a slot in the inside cover to store papers?
Does it have an undated calendar?
My file hanging bars are 15&frac14;" apart. Will these fit?
how durable are these folders?
My hanging bars are 16 3/4" apart.Will these folders fit ???
Do the plastic tabs match the color of the folders?
I am looking for hanging file folders that fit on rails that are 13" apart - is that what these measure?
What color are the plastic tabs, clear or colored? A box I bought locally are clear.
Is it sticky enough to discourage cats from stepping on it? I want to keep cats off the counter but I also want to be able to remove the tape.
can not get it to separate will not peel or come apart only stuck on one side.Has anyone else had this problem or is my roll defective
will this work to hang name tags on school lockers?
OK foe mounting photos&gt;?
Can this be used to stick then separate papers without damaging? I'd like to use it to tape car titles to a sheet of paper so I can file in 2-pronged folder. Hope this makes sense. :)
I want to attach some darkroom cloth (glossy side down) to a glossy hard plastic panel on a car I bought last week. This is a new car so I don't want anything that will damage the plastic panel, but I do want the tape to hold (there won't be any...
There seems to be disagreement about how sticky this tape is. Can an ant walk across it without sticking? Can a roach? Or insects of your choice. Thank you.
Is it acid free? OK for archiving? Thanks!
Is this a hinging tape?
Is this glossy or matte finish looking?
Will this tape work on fabric? I have linen-covered albums that need corner reinforcement.
I fold and unfold my larger maps a lot (while traveling) thus the fold intersections weaken &amp; tear. Would this tape repair and keep my maps together?
Can you use this tape to re-adhere pages within a book, or is it only meant for book bindings? Thanks!
Is this tape acid-free? Or is there a tape that is acid-free? Thank you.
Are these really light pink? They look more fuschia....
HOW MANY COME IN THIS ORDER
Are these files paper or plastic?
There are several different listings of the same erasers from the same Papermate seller, but a different cost?? what is the difference between them??
Manufactured in... Are these made in the U.S.?
How well do they fit on the pencil? I bought a few (don't know the brand) and they are too loose and just fall off. Do these fit fairly snuggly?
Are these latex free?
do these cap erasers come in white like the picture on the box?
what are the six colors?
What is width of "medum point"?
will these wash off hands? are they fast drying?
can item be purchased individually?
can item be purchased individually?
Do the hangers get dislodged? I've had good hanging folders where they move left or right, which causes the folders to fall from the sides of cabinet.
What is the exact width between the hanging rails? My drawer rails are 13" apart. Will these fit?
Do the plastic hangers easily break?
Are these standard or european size ?
do these work with lateral files?
Are the plastic tabs on top already attached or do you have to attach them yourself?
How many plastic label tabs are there supposed to be in the box?
Are the dimensions of the folder such that I can punch two holes on the left edge and yet have space to add documents to the right side inside?
what is standard size in inches?
What are the dimensions in cm?
So, are people now receiving 12 in a package or should I just order from somewhere else?
Are these erasers the "dust free" type?
Do these erasers work on colored pencils? And, if so, do they work on ALL colored pencils, or only Prisma colored pencils?
Our teacher requested a 3-pack of Magic Rub erasers? Does the 12-pack come with 4 3-packs OR 12 individual erasers? Thanks.
My teachers requested that I purchase "Magic Rub Eraser - Non Glossing - White Vinyl". Are these them?
Anyone knows if the eraser will erase the ball point ink marks ? Thanks!
evary year we get this earser in our school supplies box and i try to use it but it donent erase my school work and thay also break in half i dont
What kind of eraser is it?
Why did they remove the ribbed barrel?
Can someone tell me if these are the Hardhead Flair pens?
The description says point guard, but the picture shows a pen without the point guard. Which is it? I prefer the non-point guard pen
I want to use these industrial Sharpies to write on plastic plant labels in the greenhouse and wonder if the sun will fade them. Regular Sharpies fade
we are looking for a permanent marker that won't erased when exposed to alcohol on coated film/paper?
What if you accidentally get a sharpie mark on your skin? Will it stick like a tattoo?
I need something that works on teflon (laboratory flasks and beakers made of teflon), would sharpie industrial work?
Looking for a marker to get a signature on the back of an iPod 5 that won't fade from handling or moving in and out of my pocket, will this work?
what power source
what size tape is used?
Is it quite when using the tape?
Does this use the ribbon spools
Come with paper?
what are the dimensions?
Please tell me how the calendar information is displayed...Day of the Week also?
How fast is the print (line per second?)
does it use thermal paper or what type of ink does it need?
Does this Calculator run all the functions on batteries? If I wanted to take this to a Farmers Market I could use it strictly on battery power?
what is the dimension of the eraser?
Water Soluble? Are these water soluble markers? I bought a calendar and it says I can only use water soluble markers.
Free Shipping does not work at check out. My order is for much more than $35, but it is still not giving Free Shipping. Why?
How is the spray cleaner when used on dry erase marker that's been left on the whiteboard for a long time?
How fine is the tip on these markers? I'll be using them on a wall calendar and writing multiple things in a 2 x 2 box.
so what do you mean 12 pack? so 12 qty or 12 boxes
What's the shelf life period for that?
4.89 for one pen or 12?
what is a "case of 24 dozens"????
Any recommendation for a notebook that fine point marker won't bleed through?
Will they mark on plastic without smudging?
you shio from where?
can i order larger packs?
Can you write on plastic with this pen?
Are Sanford's laundry marking pens significantly better for marking laundry than regular Sharpies?
Are they made in USA?
I have an old Arrow 210 stapler, will these work in that, thank you.
I need staples for a Swingline 615 Saddle Stapler - note on stapler indicates I need SF15 staples
I need staples for the Model TR45 - where can I get these staples?
I have a bostich model p3 stapler will these work?
Are these the very finest, thinnest lines I can get like the way they made them year's ago? Almost the width of a hair?
Do they bleed? I'm searching for a pen I can use in hand-lettering work and want something I can trust not to bleed on regular printer paper.
Could I buy a box with 4 black, 4 blue and 4 purple?
For Writers that are fans of these pens....What is the smoothest paper to use with them?
How long does the ink in each pen last? (pen lifespan)
Which one has the finest, thinnest width?
Are these permanent? I would like pens that don't smudge or bleed from water or alcohol markers
What is the difference btwn Extra Fine point and Super Fine point? They appear to be the same.
The price is for 12 ?
How many pens do you receive per order ?
Would this stapler be suitable for a 5 1/2 year old? Absolutely under supervision at all times.
Does this stapler open up so you can staple flat on a bulletin board?
Is this price for an individual stapler, or a pack of four as pictured?
Does it jam easily
My wife bought a Tot model. How does one load the staples? No instructions provided.
Does it take Tot 50 or Tot 10 staples? Is there anyway we can specify color choices when we order?
can you purchase just the refill for the pen?
Is this an actual 12 pack of pens?
gel grip
Does this pen take the Uni-ball Signo 207 0.7mm refill? I love the body of the pen but the 1.0mm line is too thick for me!
Why does it fire a staple when it is setting still and no paper is near it?
What kind of staples will work with this- does it come with staples?
is this a high speed stapler?
There are two different pictures shown. One has a squared off front and the other is very rounded. Which one is it?
which side is the sticky on? the 2 " side or the 1 1/2" side
Are these the pop-up kind?
How many individual post-it notes (pages) per PAD?
can you open the stapler, for stapling a pallet?
can you use 3/8" staples?
how do you reload the stapler?
Will Standard staples (Swingline stock #35108) fit?
Can I use "Swingline" 1/2" staples with this item?
Does this come with any staples?
I have heavy duty staples 1/2"12mm, which Stanley sharpshooter I should buy it?
does it come with staples and if not what staples are for this machine
What are the size dimensions of the stapler?
Two different looking pictures are used to show this stapler. One is square in front, the other is round. Which one is it?
how far in can you staple. If you push the paper all the way to the back of the stapler how many inches will the staple be on the paper?
is this a flat clinch stapler
Is this stapler loud?
Does anyone know if this stapler does the "flat clinch" style staple or do the staple legs have a slight raise or crown after being clinched?
also, does it use regular staples?
how many sheets does it staple? 20 or 25? you have both in your description.
how many sheets does it staple? one description states 20, and the oether said 25? which is it?
Will this fold micro perf paper (paper that has perforation for tear off remittance stubs)?
Will this fold multiple pages together (e.g., a 3 page letter), or does it only fold I sheet at at time?
Does this machine fold legal size paper 8 1/2 x 14?
Will this fold glossy paper? They say digital paper, but does it really?
Will this machine fold semi-gloss paper - like the Xerox laser papers?
Will it fold 8.5 x 11" sheet into 1/4th? half fold + another half fold?
The description says it will fold 3 pages at a time, and up to 24lb paper. Do you think it would handle one piece of 80lb paper?
What is the maximum amount of pages it can fold at one time?
Does this machine to Z Fold, or only C Folds?
Does this come with any sort of warranty?
Does this board erase completely without cleaning fluid and without too much elbow grease? How about if the writing is left for a while (days/weeks)?
Can this board be hung vertically?
Does this come with mounting hardware and instructions?
Is this board magnetic?
Does this board come with a mountable marker tray?
Can we buy mounting kit only for Quartet S535 standart aluminum whiteboard?
Is this board magnetic?
Can you use standard staples or just the 1/4 B8 Power Crown Staples? If so, how because I own this stapler and it seems that they don't fit.
I would like to know how it staples 1 or 2 pages. Does the staple close so it doesn't catch on other papers with staples in them.
how do you load staples in B8E electric stapler?
Is there a way to adjust the "intensity" so it doesn't punch the staple through 2 sheets of paper?
i want to know if there's a warranty on this stapler. i bought 2 for my business and both are broken . that's $120.00 and i can't get them fixed.
What is the capacity for this stapler?
how far in does a few pieces of paper fit? Will it staple 1/4" in from edge, 1/2" in from edge, 1" in from edge?
I there anyway to adjust the stapler? For example I use is on 2 not so thick peices of paper and the staple go straight through.
Does regular Standar Staples of any brand work with this stapler?
I had mine for several years but tonight threw it out. I worked for an hour trying to get it to open up after it jammed. Any way to get it unjammed?
Is this the DRY lift off tape? I am trying to make sure it is exactly what I have purchased before. I have product #11439, Is this the same product?
Is this the correct tape for the Brother ML 300 Electric typewriter. Also, what is the difference between correction tape and correcting type ribbon?
is this tape for the GX6750 typewriter?
is this rape for the brother GX6750 tpyewriter?
is this a 6 pack? Number of items show 1 in specification
Want to buy correction tape for a Brother ML300. Is the product the one shown in image? why does the product description say black?
does this correction tape work in a Brother AX-10 typewriter?
Will this product fit a Swintec typewriter model P5110
How do you install this tape? Is it difficult?
Does it work in Brazil?
How do you review the 54 messages and delete them?
does it come in the original box
How do you set the time, date, year, etc.
what is the warranty on this product?
How many watts does this use?
I am looking for a planner I can customize for my business, is it large enough I could add a sleeve to hold blank documents and still zip shut?
Does this hold 8 1/2" x 11" notebook paper, and dividers? What size are the rings?
Does this item have a zipper pocket on the inside left flap? Also, does the item have a pen holder on both sides or just the right side?
Is there an outside pocket for quick access papers?
Will this hold clear sheet protectors?
Do lumpy items stored in pockets/ pens disrupt the writing surface at all? Do you have to write on lumps?
How many pages can it hold? I have approximately 75 pages.
I want a red one
What is the actual paper stock? The package in the photo says 32#, but the description says 24#.
Will this work with an HP 61 printer with black printing only?
Each time i try to order this paper it tells me that shipping is $45!!! it says free... ?
Is the watermark very visible? Do you see it rather easily, do you have to be looking for it, or do you have to hold it up to the light to find it?
how many reams in each box
Is this ideal for birthday invitations and such? I used 32lb and it is ok, but not thick enough and I'm looking for something thicker.
Can I use this with a Canon Inkjet printer?
How glossy is this?
what's gsm or thckness? I need 90gsm paper thanks
Is this paper acid free and lignin free. Is it appropriate for archival.
Can I use this paper to print Business cards?
Does the paper work in HP ink jet printer?
What is the age of the Q1338A cartridge? It is my understanding that a cartridges can become to Old for use? Also Is this the exact packaging?
Is this a genuine HP 38A or a compatible? Also, when was it manufactured, and has it been stored in a climate controlled facility?
If we get 2 items, are you able to get waive the shipping?
how does it move over sand?
What are the exact dimensions of the box for shipping purposes?
Are there replacement tires available?
I am considering this cart using the bike towing attachment. I intend to put many miles on it and would like to better understand the type of bearing used and the method used to secure the wheels. Can anyone explain the wheel assembly characteristics...
tire dimensions
Is this cart 100% Aluminum? The folding frame, under the box, on my old "Fold-It" cart is rusting, crumbling steel. love the cart-no more folding.
How many cubic feet does it hold? Also - dimensions?
Does the front gate open/come off to permit dumping?
is there a 1300 model
Are the tires inflatable or full rubber?
pedal
I have an upright freezer and the seal seems to be weakening through the years. Could this be used to keep the door secured easily?
Is this both sides ( hook side and loop side seperate) im looking to velcro some gear on my gear ie. IR strobe light on my kevlar
Will this hook and loop tape stick to polyester fabric at all ??
if I used this in water with A waterproof adhesive would the Velcro still work?
I have a F150 trk bed vinyl cover.The loop part is sewn to the cover but the 1 3/8w hook tape is dry &amp; peeling from the al frame. Good ap?
how much suspended weight will it hold
Is it 15 ft of hook and 15 ft of loop separately?
I want to mount the velcro to the bottom of 2 small parrot cages in an rv. Do you think it would be strong enough to keep the cages held down.
If attach 1 piece to a battery operated light under a cabinet and stick another piece to,the cabinet's bottom, could I detach light to change battery?
what is the shelf life on this product ?
Will this work with the Coronet XL? I don't see any numbers on it, but maybe I'm looking in the wrong place.
Will this cartridge fit typewriter model #2200
Will this cartridgefit the Super 12 Coronet?
do the pictures slide out easily?
what is the actual size of the page
Do these come by box, and how many are in a box?
How many pages per box?
are you able to cut it to make it shorter?
Does this have tape on the non-velcro side so I can attach it to surfaces?
Is Velcro One Wrap made in the USA?
Can this be used to strap around a closed patio umbrella?
Could you use this to make a Mobius strip?
Is this hooks on one side and loops on the other for the entire length of the strap?
Is is two sided
Is this soft? I have a dogs raincoat that has two holes in the back and I want to loop this through it an wrap it under his belly to secure.
Does this have a "buckle" at the end to enable you to cinch it tight?
how many X-ray folders (roughly) fit in one box?
Is it 4 or 6?
How many boxes are included? It says that it is a 6 pack but also says that it is a pack of 4.
How many boxes are included? It says that it is a 6 pack but also says that it is a pack of 4.
does this product also, store addresses?
can you enter secure data (such as passwords) and use a password so no one else can see the info you entered?
Does this talk to Mac?
Does this unit have any built in games?
Can you display a whole month calendar?
can you store phone numbers on it
a vertical line from the top to the bottom of the screen stays blank and displays no text
what pc operating systems is it compatable with ?
Does anyone know if you can use a dry erase marker on these? Does it stay. Does it come off later?
Are these glossy or matte finished? I need something that is non-glare.
Can they be cut to size? Meaning if I want to laminate something 8.5x5.5, can I cut the product in half and laminate both pieces separately?
Could I cut this to make a clear sticker over another sticker that has writing on it, but is peeling up on the corners? Can you see through it well?
so does this laminate need to have outer edges touching to stay adhered, or can you trim the item you're laminating to the edge?
Can I use this to protect a self adhesive label that is stuck to something else? in other words, can I just cover one side of something
Can you place two sheets of paper, back-to-back, to laminate together?
Can this be used with a cold laminating machine?
Can I use these sheets to cover a paperback book?
Would it work to make place mats from calendar pages, without a heat sealer?
Are there 1/4" marks on the base? Or just 1/2".
If I have paper that measures 12x12 inches will I be able to trim off only 1/8 or 1/4 inch?
Are replacement parts available? Every rotary trimmer I've purchased has had to have parts replaced after someone drops them...
Does the Carl 12200 Bidex Professional 10-Sheet Rotary Trimmer, Metal Base, 12 x 11 cut chipboard?
how do you change the cutting blade?
will it cut vinyl?
Does this have centimeter markinGS on it?
What is the difference between this and the RT-200?
is this printer wireless
3 parts sheets 7.2 inches to 8.5 inches for printing
Does this have the optional rj45 port?
USB connectivity?
Is this compatible with Macbook Pro with the latest OSX?
Does this printer have a tractor feed supplied with it? Is it adjustable to different widths, such as for narrow badges?
Can this feed through multiple 6 part forms at a time?
Does this printer have a serial port plug in
i currently have a okidata 420 microline 9 pin printer, and need to replace it. is just the 420 microline the same ?
We currently have a Okidata 320 Turbo Tractor Feed Printer. This says it is the newer one. Does it print faster and is it compatiable?
after the mounting hardware, is it exactly 48" or wider?
Dumb question, how do you "release" a piece of paper after inserting? I have one and the paper rips when I try to remove.
Will it hold different thicknesses of papers, say typing paper and light card stock?
Is it possible to place a new sheet of paper over an existing sheet or must you remove the existing sheet first?
I misplaced the mounting hardware and can't find any mention of replacement brackets. Anyone? Thanks.
What's the actual length of the 48" Grip-A-Strip (from one end of black cap to the other)? I have the 12" version, and it measures 13". I didn't know if all versions are just an extra 1" in length.
Is the strip magnetic?
Can you release or add one paper when there are other papers already inserted ? Do they release and hang efficiently if they differ in thickness?
How much weight will this hold? I'm looking to use this to hold up a 4ft by 5 ft banner.
My rail will not hold anything. Is there supposed to be something on the inside of the track to hold things? Mine does not have anything inside.
Are refill inserts available to purchase?
I want to make name badges with high school graduation pictures for my class reunion. Are these clip name badges good for that?
Are they clear plastic or the "cloudy" / "canvas" type of plastic? I need clear for my application.
Does the product also include the clips?
Will the software that Avery provides allow you to drop digital photos into the design?
Is Mac OS-X supported by Avery via their online downloads. I am using a MacBook and Pages word processing software.
Are they Blank/ CAN YOU ADD YOUR COMPANY NAME?
Is the quality of the paper similar to that of card stock?
The name badge inserts are 2.2.5 x 3.5 however the only plastic badge holders I can find are 2 3/8 x 3.3/8 Any ideas? Thanks
Do you know the weight of the Avery stock? My customer has a sample that feels thicker than standard 60# stock.
I am assuming that these are blank with nothing printed on them?
Is the back the same color as the front? I want to be able to print on the back too. Sometimes they are different shades.
Do 74549 pin badges fit these inserts?
Do these fit 74461 Avery name badges? Are they in sheets of 8?
Can I use them vertically?
will this fit a badge holder 2 3/8 x 4 3/8
Can I use these in a laminating machine with 2.4 X 4.0 laminating pouches?
How easily do the pages erase?
How easy is it to remove (tear out) pages?
is this a soft or hard cover?
Is this carbon with ability to create duplicates?
How is the writing surface on the back pages?
What country is this product made in?
Are the inside dimensions 3 x 4"? I am looking for a plastic holder that will hold cards that are 3 x 4", specifically.
Does it come with the pins???
Is this a pocket or are the sides open?
Will these holders fit with Avery 5392 name badge inserts?
can this also be use with a hook lanyard?
The package say use template 5112 but avery doesn't offer that anymore. I used the 5410 template but it doesn't print quite right. Any suggestions?
Would these work on a 1/2 ounce sized, round tin??? I'm thinking so . . . but just want to double-check :-D
are these paper or plastic - I need one that can rip open easily without tearing a letter
are these glossy or matte?
how to use template for this product
is this white or clear like transparent? I need a clear one that's usually used to cover the bottom/ top of a small perfume package?
Since the sheet is 4x6, how does it fit into the printer?
Are these glossy or matte?
Can I use this product in an inkjet printer?
Are these permanent, or removable? Will they be difficult to remove from my jars?
Are these water resistant (waterproof) type?
I'm looking for a label that I can have students wear. Is it appropriate to wear on clothing?
The description says "Print-to-edge capability for full-bleed design" - why am I not able to achieve this using these labels?
Do they have a foil rim like pictured on box?
how many sheet total? and how many labels per sheet? and they can stick to a piece of paper or bag? thanks
permanent
I want stickers of this size to hide something. Can you see through them when covering something of a dark color?
what type of cartridge it uses?
can it be used only as a fax machine and I never use the phone or answering machine?
does it need dedicated land line
does machine come with thermal paper
What is the speed of this machine and can it be changed?
Does it recieve incoming fax
how do i receive another book for my 575 fax.
I don't have a landline at all -- will this still work?
Does this model have an answering machine with it ?
The print cartridge does it take only the one kind and is it easy to replace?
dimensions of compartments?
are any available just 1/4 size
How wide is each of the slots. I need it for classroom papers for a student mailbox. Thanks!
How wide is each divider? I need to know for labeling purposes.
What are the individual shelves made of. I am tired of cardboard shelves. I want this to hold my reams of colored paper? Will this product support
Does anyone actually know what the slot dimentions are for the 36 slot one?
Is it easy to remove pegs, should I need to adjust the shelves from time to time
Is this unit stackable
I have a 24 compartment organizer that is awesome in my classroom. I have lost some of the pegs. Can I buy new ones?
are the slots adjustable?
How tall and wide is the whole unit?
What is the height of each individual cubby? I'm hoping to store one student textbook in each.
I am looking for something to store product literature. Each grouping/slot would be about 10 pounds. Is it sturdy enough to fill with that weight/s
Are the interior shelves actually cardboard?? Some "student mailboxes" I've ordered are a fake wood frame, but the interior shelves are only cardboard
Would this work to store multiple laptop computers considering the weight and heat being given off?
In picture it has a binder....does it come with shelves to make 24 slots?
What tools do I need to assemble it?
Would this unit look alright if it were turned on its axis, so it would be tall instead of wide? Is the bottom panel smooth and finished like the top panel?
how wide are the compartments? I would like be be able to slide 3 ring binders in (lying down) The slot needs to be at least 10 inches wide. THANKS
is this shelving unit wall mountable?
Where are these envelopes made?
Do they seal okay?
Do these envelopes print in a laser printer without any crumbling of the envelope?
Are these gum (lick moisture) sealed and do they wrinkle in a laser printer?
Are they self-stick?
Do they have a window for the mailing address?
Do you carry white envelopes peel and seal # 6 3/4?
what is product number for ink replacement for Sharp EL-1801 calculator?
Does it come with paper and ink roller or do these have to be purchased separately?
Can the brightness of the numbers be dimmed or brightened? How bright would you say the number were? To dimm or bright enough?
Will it imprint on 2-ply paper?
can i use it for percentages
is paper difficult to change
Does it have a backspace button?
Does it automatically shut off if unused for a while? Thanks!
is the print paper plain paper or INked?
What are the measurements of the calculator?
Are they in them original case? I wanted to give them like a gift, so im interested in one set in the box
can you replace ballpoint tip with a rollerball refill?
how do u change lead?
Do you ship it to Brazil?
Is the "cross" name on these pens?
is it made in USA?
what is the core dimension?
Does this fit in the 1.88 inx800 inch dispenser?
Does this tape use water-based glue or oil-based glue for the adhesive?
are they 54.6 yards per roll?
What Mil. Thick?
does this have a 3"dia. core
Does the Scotch Heavy Duty Shipping Packaging Tape, 1.88 Inches x 54.6 Yards, fit in the Scotch Easy-Grip Tape Dispenser?
Can anyone tell me the inside dimensions? I want to use 20.5" keyboard and want to make sure it will fit. Thanks
Can the shelves be taken off completely? I have two monitors and would like two stands, but I don't thin I need all the shelves...
Would this work for a corner placement? My monitor sits in the corner (facing diagonally)
I know the description states for up to 21 in monitors, but wondering if anyone has tried larger? Wanting this for my 24 inch and want to still use speaker stands on sides ? monitor is 24.5 inches wide.
dimensions: What are the dimensions of this stand?
How do you get the post-it note to come out easily?
Is this wall-mountable?
Can we use the regular post-it notes with this? The ones with the sticky part all on one side, not the accordion types?
HOW DO I OPEN IT
is it made by 3M?
How do I insert pop up notes in desepencer
Advertised as including 50 sheet pack of pop up notes. None included in the two that I ordered.
I bought this but once i take the top paper out another one doesn't come up, did I load it wrong, tried different ways!!!? Feeling frustrated?
is there a spring underneath the pad to push it up ?
So, no cd with setup drivers? Just the photo, imaging and creative discs?
does the refurb'd 1 come with an installation cd? i currently have a 1209 model
do you need a cd to install?
ink for this printer
sharing hp psc 1210: Can anyone help?
Is this thermal paper?
is it 44mm
Is each roll 235 ft. In length?
Is this paper 1.5 inches wide?
Will this paper fit Sharp ER-A420 register?
Will it work in the XEA106 Cash register?
Will this fit the Sharp XE-102?
Can I use this for XE-A407? Especially for journal side?
Is this 1-3/4" or 2-1/4 " Looking for the 1st one.
Can the printer dock cartridge be refilled with ink?
Do you have 2 buy ink everytime you order paper, in other words, does the cartridge print more than 40 pictures.
is there any were that you can buy just the cartridges
Will the Ph-40 work with my Easyshare printer dock 3?
will this cartlidge work on dock 6000
will this work in a 2005 kodak easyshare photo printer 500 ?
I have just recently had a friend give me some of these cartridges and paper. What are some good printers this will work with?
I have Kodak EasyShare Photo Printer 300, would it works with this PH-40 Cartridge &amp; Photo Paper?
So I am not to familiar with this cartridge or the camera for I am trying to find it for my dad. Is this particular cartridge for the Kodak Easy C633?
PH-40 is pretty old by now. Does it still produce good prints as when the product was current in 2008?
Can this be used instead of the spring-type doorstop that goes on a wall to keep the door from hitting the wall? Thanks.
When will this be back in stock?
what is the height?
Is this effective on carpet?
should this be fixed with screws or is it adhesive?
Will this hold a heavy door open over hardwood?
Will this be effective on carpet?
How far off the floor does the rubber begin? And how tall is the rubber?
Will this hold a glass herculite door open? It is a heavy door an we need a heavy door stop
how many pages does it hold?
Are these 1" inside diameter or outside?
How thick are the rings? I want to use them for holding together my measuring spoons and need them to be pretty slim.
Are these the Stainelss Steel version of these rings, or just plated steel?
Does the specified 1" diameter measure the INSIDE diameter (inside the metal ring) or the OUTSIDE diameter?
does it come with a presentation case
Where do I find the pencil/eraser cartridge replacement that came with the set
Can this set be engraved?
Does the product indicates if it is made in the U.S.A. or China?
comes with the cross box?
How do you get the old eraser out and put the new one in?
Do these fit fit pentel twist-erase gt pencils?
Do these fit Pentel Twist-Erase Model QE517?
do these fit Pentel Twist Erase XP?
Are these erasers made of the same material as the Pentel Click Eraser refills ZER2BP-K6?
Would this eraser fit the Pentel Express mechanical pencils?
price is a bit confusing. Am I reading it right that 3 pieces of these erasers cost $6.71 (that is $2.24/eraser)? Thanks.
3.5 x 6.6 x 7.3 inches. I have booklet that is 7" wide. Is this rack 6.6 or 7.3 inches wide? Thank you.
What size is this literature holder?
What size brochure does it hold?
can this hold a reguler size paper?
do you have one that holds 4x6 cards?
I would like to buy 20 of these, do I have to pay shipping on each individual, or is there a way to pay one shipping charge?
Are these labels permanent. Can I remove them off a surface without leaving a mark or having to scrape it off?
what is the surface finish like on these labels? Is it matte, glossy, or is it identical to standard everyday shipping labels?
Does the backing have a split or some sort of border so you can peel it off easily?
will they stick to fabric?
Will these stick tight to an aluminum blank? I DON'T want repositionable.
Do they work on a basic HP printer?
Can I use it with a laser printer?
is the adhesive on the front side?
can these be used for preschool stickers? I'm looking for some sheets that I can put clipart onto and then cut, peel and stick.
waterproof ?
How come 400 of the space pens cost less than 20 dollars but the "AG7" model sells for 50 dollars each?
Does this item come in a gift box? If so, what does it look like?
What kind of ink can I buy to refill the 400 Fisher Space Pen?
Please let me know which Fisher Space Pen item is retractable, therefore no need for a separate cap. What is the life of the ink cartridge that comes
Is this a pen the same size as a paper mate pen?
Is this a regular size pen, like paper mate pen? What size is this pen?
Can you write on ziploc bags with this? Looking for a good kitchen pen that can write on wet plastic.
Does it comes with the clip included? And, how do it looks like this gift box?
do they make a fine point
Would you use these for decorating t shirts?
is the ink abrasion resistant at all? I'm planning on decorating my football cleats with them. the upper of the cleats are TPU.
Would these work to permanently write a person's name on their black/blue socks for identification?
Be good to use for autographing black page photobooks (from Shutterfly)? Is the point fine enough for easy writing and does it seep through to back?
Would these work for addressing dark-colored envelopes?
Like the classic paint pens (the shake and push the tip), does anyone know if these can be removed from nonporous surfaces with rubbing alcohol?
wiil it work on car defroster lines?
would like to know how these will work on chalkboards
Will the solvent in the marker degrade plastic over time? I was thinking of using these on some Blu-ray-Recordable discs with dark backgrounds.
Any issue with the metal scratching the computer case? If not, how is the computer case protected from the metal of the stand?
How wide is this stand? I have 8" space &amp; 7.25" CPU width
Picture shows caster bolts sticking up above caddy platform. How does the computer sit evenly?
How high does this unit raise the PC off the ground?
sustainable weight
Can you fit a laptop under the very bottom shelf? I have two laptops and am looking to save space
Can two be stacked? Thanks.
What are the dimensions of the upper shelf?
How much vertical space is there between the lower shelf and the upper shelf? (Will a 1" thick laptop fit on the lower, with monitor on upper)?
How wide is the opening underneath the bottom shelf (inside dimension)?
How many phone numbers can it store?
Does this phone have fax capability, a fax port?
Will this phone function without a power supply (that is, just plugged into the phone jack) or do some functions require ac power source?
Can I transfer incoming calls between units/extensions?
can i add a plantronics wireless headset?
Can this phone be used in Europe, I want to send it to Spain?
When a caller is placed on hold, do they hear silence or music?
IS the AC adpater for US voltage (120V) or international (upto 220V)
Is it hard wired and analog or a VOIP phone
How do you store numbers and how do you recall them?
Do you have to have a phone "system" (PBX) for the intercom to work, or does it somehow communicate with the other phones without a system box??
voicemail?
What is flexible extension numbering?
Does it have a hold button? If it does can you put someone on hold and then buzz the intercom to let another person know who's calling?
Could be integrated to a PBX already existing ( two lines in one cord) ?
can you use a headset with this phone ?
If you mount on the wall, how far does it stick out?
Is the LCD ANI screen back lit; On the desk, is the panel angled so as to be easily read?
People talk about the batteries only lasting three weeks. Does it work without batteries? Are the batteries only for power outages?
What type of phone do you use as the extensions?
Does this electronic organizer has a calendar or not ?
Does people still buy this things?
does it have a phone index
synchronizes with sharp wizard?
Does it have a calendar.
Is the recording side black as well?
does anyone know of any printable labels/stickers I could purchase to use with these cds
Are printable labels included with these?
Can anyone tell me the radius of the printable area starting from the edge of the center hole instead of starting from the actual center?
What is the size of the printable white in inches from side to side including the center hole.
Will they record in a phillips and a teac home cd recorder?
Does anyone know what the size of the printable (white area) is? Thanks!
Has anyone recorded on these from a stereo CD recorder (not a computer)?
Do you need a special printer?
is there any chance you could please post to australia, and if so i would like 2 50pk spindles to 5158 south australia, how much extra for postage? :D
Is the carabiner removable?
Does it easily hold the key fobs for locking/unlocking doors, tailgates, etc. Between the keys and two fobs it's a bit bulky!
Is this item made of steel, or some kind of alloy?
what is your patent number? I was to make sure that I am not being fooled before I buy this thinking it is an exclusive product.
How wide does the clip open? For instance, Does the clip open wide enough to fit over a belt loop on jeans?
Reviews for a similar item said that the rings don't bounce back after putting a bulky rubberized car key on there. Anyone have that problem?
Does anyone know of a place where I can get additional rings that will fit this key ring? I don't want to have to order a new one just of the rings.
I already have this Keychain and looking to purchase only some additonal detachable rings. Do you sell them?
What is the diameter of one of the little key rings? 1/2 or 3/4 inch?
I want to mark closed cell black foam rubber for cutting. Many say line not that thin. how wide is line if you don't bear down?
I need an ink that dries instantly. Will this do the trick?
Does this sharpee write on glass surfaces such as a wine bottle?
how "fine" is the fine? Looking for something around .5mm.
Will this stay on a 100% Polyester shirt?
Does silver metallic sharpie come in extra fine tip as well as fine tip?
will this work on canvas or cloth
I'm looking for something that will put easily visible (but not overwhelming) signatures on canvas prints. Has anybody used these for that purpose?
Will this work to cover up small scratches/marks on silver high heel shoes?
Can I write with this marker on polished wood surface?
Also, once in place are these protectors top loading or side loading?
Is this item designed to be attached to the 'posts' that hold the pages in place, or does it just slip over the page with no other attachment?
Could these sheets be hole-punched to insert into a post-bound album?
Will this work on 11.75" x 14" Pioneer Memory Scrapbook? any ideas what it would if not these?
are they top or side loading?
does this printer require a disc?
printing starts off fine and then gets faint, what's wrong?
Does it work with Win 7 and how do you get the drivers for Win 7 ?
Does this make the ring louder and the voices louder??
I use an Avaya IP 4612 phone at work, which uses an RJ-11 jack. Will that work?
does this also work with an answering machine?
Will this work on a commercial phone like at work?
is there a light that flashes
Will this also amplify the sound of my voice for the people I'm speaking to on the other end of the line?
does this work with cordless phones
is battery included
Does the amplifier connect between the handheld receiver and the phone base, or between the wall jack and the base?
Do they make these for cell phones? I need to increase volume on my cell phone so I can hear people better. Anything out there???....
does it have a scanner?
Can it print a 5x7 size paper
Need a site other than HP to download a driver
is it compatible with win7?
I need to know if this is compatible with Windows 8.1
Is it wireless also?
does it enlarge
Why does the printer does not print the address correctly
how can i reink cartridges ?
Can these cartridges be refilled. (And work?)
photo quality
pPrinter will not switch on without fiddling about with mains lead, tried on various sockets. Even a replacement printer still has the same problem.
is the 3520 apple compatible
how do I get it to photocopy?
How long does it take to dry on a non- pressure drain pipe?
Could I squeeze this out on a sheet of plexiglass and spread it with small diameter sponge roller, or is this way too thick?
How to store it after use? Once I use the applicator nozzle, the goop inside it will dry out, and the nozzle will be useless, it seems.
Will it fill gaps if the items you are gluing aren't exactly flat?
Will it bond rubber to metal? I need to glue some rubber pads to a metal laptop stand.
Would this work to fill in some deep scratches on a flat leather surface? I'm going to paint over it, but I need it to be flat...
Is Goop All-Purpose the same as E6000? Both are made by Goop.
Has anyone used this successfully on glass? If so, would it stick to warm or cold glass? Thanks.
So are all of the "Goops" the same? Plumbing, automotive, household, etc.? Will they work for leather shoes with vulcanized rubber soles? Thanks!
I need to repair a crack in my cars coolant reserve tank ( plastic holds the hot green coolant). The coolant will get extremely hot, how will it work?
Are there any glitches with printing in black and white?
Can you print pictures that are 3 x 4? Half of a 4x6 phot paper? Thank you
What driver did you use to hook it up? HP website says they don't have a driver for Windows 8
Windows 8 compatible?
how do you operate photosmart 145
Is thus trimmer really precise? I've been through soo many &amp; they are always off just a touch! I'm a cardmaker &amp; I need precision!
Up to what size paper will this trimmer accommodate? 12X12?
What is differences between dc-210n ? What is differences between dc-210n and 12210 bidex rotery trimmer??
Does the Heavy Duty Rotary Trimmer have any decorative blades? Are the blades easy to change? Thanks.
What is the maximum width paper size that it will cut? (that is the actual maximum length of rotary travel) Can I trim a 13" x 19" lengthwise to 18" L
Is this the same as the DC210?
How well does this cut through multiple sheets of regular printer paper? I'm looking to cut down 8-10 sheets without any problem.
Will this cutter cut laminated items?
What blades does this take
How many 20 lb sheets will this cut at one time? Top of page states,"cuts up to 36 sheets", yet under prod descr states "Cuts up to 30 sheets". Thnx!
Can the angle be locked or does it rock back and forth?
CAN YOU simply tell me how high can it go inplace of percentage just in plain inches
How high can the height be adjusted?
Is this made of metal?
Does it have slip resistant finish on the bottom?
what colors does it come in?
What material is on the base of the unit? Is there a gripping pad or is pure metal on the bottom. I have a hard wood floor trying not to damage.
What is the width of the foot rest at the bottom, middle, and at the top?
What is the lowest height at the base bottom of the declining foot rest platform? What is the highest you can raise the base bottom? What
CAN I GET THE DIMENSIONS OF THE BASE
Will this stand support a 17" laptop? My laptop base is about 16.5" x 11.5"? - Answer: Most say yes, but may hang off
Is this sturdy enough to type on and use the laptop when on the stand? I will not be using an external keyboard or mouse.
Does this fold easily for travel?
could i use a view sonic projector with this? I have my projector on a wall shelf, but i need it tilted downwards to project where i need it to be
Is the paper here scored down the middle so I can fold them in half after printing? I know it sounds silly, but I REALLY suck at folding them.
I'm debating whether to buy this "textured" card stock or the Avery regular card stock. Can anyone compare them for me?
Is this product compatible with MAC OS X Lion 10.7.5
One stamp or two?
how thick is one sheet? I bought 90lb cardstock and it was very thin
Will this paper work with most card-printing software? Specifically Hallmark 2011 and Printmaster for WIN 7?
Could you recommend a slightly heavier textured paper for greeting cards? I don't need envelopes, just paper.
Can I use this product in my laser printer? Thank you so much in advance.
Does this product have the feather-edge?
is this paper glossy on one side?
Does it have "end of roll" markings on the paper to warn you when the roll is almost out of paper?
What is NCR Thermal Receipt paper? Does it give a double receipt?
Other NCR paper is rated BPA Free - do we know if this one is?
dies it fit sharp xea207 register ?
What is the outside diameter?
what is the core size..what products are it compatible with
Are they dusstless?
Does it glow brightly under a blacklight?
is this chalk good for toddlers
Do these leave a pool of fluid at the end of your Highlighting streak? Specifically, on regular Notebook paper and Textbook (glossy) pages?
Do these glow under blacklight?
Do these show up on copies? I mean, if I write "original" on a document and make a copy of it, will it show up on the copied document?
Do these bleed through notebook paper or other thin papers? I don't want to be able to see it on the wrong side of the page.
Does the highlighting--particularly the yellow color--fade away? I want to go back years later and see what I marked. Thanks.
Do these come with a reusable case like the pens?
Is the red a true red? I need to highlight labels in a class so I can't have red come out pink or fuchsia.
Does the container turn into a stand like the pens? that would be sweet!
In the product description is states that the product is 36 x 24. Is that the dimensions of the entire product, or the dimensions of the cork?
How thick is the cork? If it's backed, how thick is the cork before you hit the backing?
Can it be mounted both horizontally and vertically? The description doesn't say, and I want to put it up as 36Hx24W.
Is it durable?
Is the aluminum frame black or brown?
Is it magnetic?
What is this made of? My search and the price point suggest porcelain with grid (which is what I need); but the desc. doesn't say.
I want to mount the board vertically- is the marker tray removable? I don't need it.
Is there also the option to have NO message printed, and just print the date only? Also, what year does this go to, reviews show different answers?
What color ink?
What is the year that this goes to if I purchase in 2015?
what replacement pad do you have for this stamp 011090?
up to what year does this stamp go?
Will this punch work to punch sheets for the Day Timer Desk Size (8 1/2 x 5 1/2)?
Will it punch pages for the A5 Filofax brand planners?
Will this punch holes to fit into the "Avery 5.5 x 8.5 binder"?
Does this punch work with the Day Timer desk size?
Will this punch holes to fit the Planner Pads Personal size organizer which also uses seven holes?
are the punch heads moveable? I have a used FC and the holes don't match the paper.
I'm looking for some way to hole punch print outs to go in a mini binder (8 1/2" by 5 1/2"). I'm ok with extra holes. will this meet my needs?
Will this work for planners that have 7 evenly spaced holes.?
Will these holes match-up with my 2015 Classic size FC planner?
Can it be set up to punch 3 holes with 70 mm spacing?
Is there any kind of protective mechanism to shield the blade when not in use? I don't want to worry if my toddler grabs it.
Does the tape actually stay separated from the roll when not in use, or does it fall back down and get stuck on there?
Are they plastic or metal?
Will this dispenser work with a 110 yard roll?
Is a roll of tape included?
Works with 1/2 inch wide 3 inch core tape (3M 600)? Need lightweight dispenser for 1/2 inch wide tape. Thanks.
Do the colored tabs come off? I need the colored tabs to be removable and replaceable.
Do the colored tabs come off so that I can replace the colored tabs with CLEAR tabs?
Is it 2-sided or 3-sided opening?
The front of the folder is clear, right,,, so you can see what's inside? It looks white in the pic
are these the file folders that are ONLY open at the top and side?
Is it glossy on both sides?
Is this paper suitable and thick enough for color photos on a copier? I want to use it for making certificates.
is any one using Epson stylus photo printer
Hello, any chance this works on an inkjet or deskjet?
Is there any bleed through if duplex printing?
Hello. Can you run this paper through a copy machine and get a professional looking copy? Thank you.
I am making personalized labels for Hershey bars. Would this paper be glossy enough to look sort of like a candy bar label?
Does it work with work force pro
Do you sell by the case? If so how much and what about shipping
workforce
does this item come in a single and double holder?
Will this mount directly to drywall instead of hanging it on a cube wall?
Please can anyone advise how wide the opening is to hook over the divider. Im hoping it will fit over my door to my home office which is about 3.4cm
What is the distance between the two hangers?
will this fit over a door and still allow it to close?
Can you use this to bond two pieces of high density foam?
Would this product work for reinforcing beading that is already glued on polyester fabric?
Is this a mist spray or web spray?
What is the temperature rating?
does it spray a mist or a stream
I'm looking for something to glue polystyrene to concrete. Will this work?
Would this bond Burlap onto Burlap fabric or onto leather? Thank you.
Will this product bond paper onto glass with a clear, crisp finish ?
will this product adhere to r ubber
I need to glue fabric to aluminum tent poles so it needs to be tight. Would this cause any bleeding or yellowing? Is repositioning possible?
Does it have USB connection?
what is the difference between fx890 dot matrix and fx890 impact invoice printer?
Will this model accept 14 7/8 x 11" paper?
Is this a continuous feed pringer
can you adjust the printer for a four part form?
is this compatible with Windows XP?
What is CPS?
Is the driver compatable with Windows 8?
does anyone know! how many mil is this paper thick? thanks!
Does this paper fold easily? I want to print a theatre program that would have 5 pages, printed on both sides, folded and stapled in the middle.
is this glossy on both sides?
is this thick enough to make greeting cards of?
could this presentation paper be used to print at home photo books?
How many are in this set?
What material are they made out of? I need something that won't slip around on a gym (wood) floor. Right now I use silicone hot pads as my markers but only have a couple.
Are they good for youth basketball practices? 8th &amp; 9th graders?
Any chance I could write on this with something like a dry erase marker and then wipe it off?
Will these hold in place on a Marley dance floor? I want to use these for a pre ballet class. I would like them to jump from spot to spot and have t
Do these come in primary/secondary colors (red, not pink and other colors more vivid?)
How many are in a set?
Would this work for printing white font onto black shirts? If so, how would I do this?
does it work on sweatshirt
Do these transfers have a glossy or matte finish?
Has anyone ever used these on felt?
I want to print on a basic green shirt. Do you recommend the dark or light transfer paper?
do i need to reverse the image or just print as is ?
Would this work on Converse HiTops?
It says for use on 100% cotton. Can these transfers be used on nyon drawstring bags?
Can I use these with silhouette cameo cutter
can this be used on a white background?
can this be used as bumper sticker material (for outdoor use)?
Can I draw on these with a marker instead of laser printing something on it ?
Is this sticker paper glossy?
Will these destroy the moment water hits it??
Can this product be used with the Silhouette Cameo?
Can you cut shapes using a craft squeeze punch (like Fiskars brand)? I want to make circle stickers and don't want to use scissors. Thanks!
Can this be put on a wall and removed at a later point without damaging the wall?
Does an inkjet/laser printer have to be used? Can you use a regular hp paper printer?
Can you remove and then reuse the same sticker or does it lose it's stickiness?
Is this product good for printing address labels?
With the bad rating are you rating HP original or just the knock off as this got the same rating as the others.
Is there an expiration date on this package or cartridge?
Hi, is this the original toner or just a refurbished one?
what is the total price for hp 12A?
how many toner come? just one or two?
Does it work with Square Stand?
I need the cash drawer to plug in with usb to my computer to use my POS software, not plugged into the receipt printer - can I do this with drawer?
This product is adaptable to most all point of sale computers/programs?
does it come with keys?
Will it come with USB? Can I use USB?
Dimentions ?
How to fix a paper jam?
is installation user-friendly?
constant error. hearing lots of cartridge moving back and forth inside but no printing.
Is this wireless compatible ?
can you use 27 28 ink cartridges?
Is it wireless
what ink does it use
What kind of USB cable do I buy
Is this printer compatible with Windows 7?
I have a blinking red light and a E Showing no paper. Printer just stopped working. Help.
what are the dimensions of the individual containers in this set?
what is depth of each unit
what is the overall size?
What is the heigth of these drawers?
Is the 11"x14" the outside measurement? With the actual pages measuring 9"x12"?
Can additional liner pages be added to this book?? Will it HOLD more than 24 sleeves??
How many sleeves does it have?
I've got several items that will fit in the sleeves but they're multiple pages, think small newspapers. Would this work?
1-Will this lay flat and stay open? This is, if I open it up to the 3rd or 4th page and leave it on a table, will it remain flat and open?
Someone said it has matte pages. Will it 'kill' off the effect of a glossy print?
Which size would be best for artwork on heavy 9x12 construction paper? I'm afraid the 9x12" pages will be too tight?
Can anyone tell me if these sleeves with writings, notes and clippings placed inside would scan well?
can you take one out to put another pics i n
are the page protectors photo safe?
How many clear sheets are there? I'm in the market for a portfolio to display multiple 8.5 x 11 '' sheets of paper?
Are the clear sheets open from top to bottom--meaning can you display a full 8.5 x 11" sheet of paper? I do not want to display photographs. Thx
Is there a customizable insert?
if its quality why are you selling it so cheap
It doesn't have caller id?
Will this phone work when the power is out like the old phones used to?
all connection cords included ?
Does this have voicemail?
are there any princess phones made by another company,one that does not have cancer causing chemicals
Can I connect this with my cellphone so that if someone calls my cellphone, I can talk on this phone?
Does it have a good ringer on it
Will it work with voice over internet protocol phone services such as Magic Jack, Ooma and Vonage?
Do the numbers on the dial light up when the receiver is picked up to make a call?
Do you have to push an on button when you answer the phone to talk or can you just pick up the receiver and start talking.
Can I buy just the receiver (handset) for this phone any where?
let me get this right, The whole phone is plastic??? no wood??
bought this phone 2 yrs. ago. just plugged it in as the receiver connection is were the static is coming from. can't replace the cord. what do I do?
Does it sit on the phone jack or can a phone line be run to the phone jack?
Are the accents metal or plastic? Especially on the handset.
Hi, I was hoping to see if anyone would know the height (inches) from the top screw where the phone is connected to the phone jack module; thnaks?
Does this phone require an electrical connection?
Does the crank do anything?
can I just buy the handset?
Can the handset cord be swapped for a longer cord? Or a cloth cord?
It doesn't have caller id?
Will this phone work when the power is out like the old phones used to?
all connection cords included ?
Does this have voicemail?
are there any princess phones made by another company,one that does not have cancer causing chemicals
Can I connect this with my cellphone so that if someone calls my cellphone, I can talk on this phone?
Does it have a good ringer on it
Will it work with voice over internet protocol phone services such as Magic Jack, Ooma and Vonage?
Do the numbers on the dial light up when the receiver is picked up to make a call?
Do you have to push an on button when you answer the phone to talk or can you just pick up the receiver and start talking.
Is it possible to translate from english to arabic?
Is this a diccionary or translator?
Is it possible to translat from german to russia, and if, how to do it?
How does it work?
Can I buy extra wire pant hangers ?
Do you think you could remove the casters and add rubber feet if you didn't need to move it, and you needed to make it shorter to make it fit?
how high is rack?
Are the hangers strong enough and designed to hold two pair of pants?
How long is it?
Do these wire pant hangers crease your pants or leave visible marks? Has anyone used foam to protect this from happening? How did you mount the foam?
do the rack comes with the hungers?
Where can I buy more hangers
Was anyone able to find replacement screws? A few of mine are striped
Dimension of lenght
matte and soft gloss the same thing? I'm trying to figure out whatever happened to the premium plus "matte" line?
Is this product the 280 g/m 75 lb weight?
I want to make 100% sure the the product number on this box of HP paper is Q5450A
My HP printer will only work with rough backed Premium paper. No longer made. HP does not reply. Is there any photo paper with a rough back?
Does the small basket get in the way when you are pulling the basket behind you? Does it bump up against you?
I am trying to look for the best walking cart, would this shopping cart be good to walk a long distance with on slightly ruff roads?
Does this cart handle well over bad sidewalks and roads? It will be taken about two miles over bad roads and sidewalks once every week.
Does the second basket hold enough so a frail elderly woman won't have to bend too far?
Are there non-black liners that work with this cart. If so, how do I order them?
Do front wheels pivot?
How tall is this when opened up? How far off the ground is the handle when it's open?
I want to know if the wheels and axels will hold up on rough surfaces. Sidewalk cracks, paving stones, and occasionally short distances on unpaved gravel walkways. Is their any warranty on the parts?
How are the wheels? I had the plastic wheels of a cart split while going over a curb. Will these wheels withstand curbs, steps, without breaking?
i'm looking at something to haul gear at lacrosse tournements. things like quad chairs, shade umbrellas, etc. is this going to be sturdy enough?
what is the size of the pad
what size is it?
what size is it?
How many pages?
WILL IT HOLD 8.5X11
does it hold 8.5" x 9" Photo's--I see lots of 8" widths but I need the extra half inch....
there are three different images of portfolios here. Is it all black and clear like the third image or does it have rubber on the edges like the firs
Is there a zipper to close it up tight?
my mac is 21" wide and 18 1/4 " high. will it fit in between the shelves?
What is the distance between the bottom shelf and the keyboard tray? Also, how far out does the keyboard tray extend? TIA!
Could someone please clarify the height of the the top "speaker" shelves from the floor?
I have 3 monitors, one is 22 inches and the other 2 are dell dual monitors about 20 inches, would these fit on this desk?
What are the dimensions?
Distance between two small shelves? Can anyone please confirm the distance on the monitor shelf between the two small shelves?
hi, i was wondering what the height from the keyboard tray to the shelf above it is, how much clearance is there? i want to fit an akai mpk61 on there
Are the sheets perforated?
What size is the ruling?
Does the notebook lay flat when open?
Is there a college-ruled version of this notebook?
Does this notebook contain 192 individual leaves or does it contain 96 individual laves?
If a table of contents is provided, then are the pages numbered throughout the notebook?
Does the paper work well for fountain pens?
How do I get sales tax taken off? I am ordering from a tax exempt institution.
Are the pages numbered? If not, is there a Black n' Red notebook that has numbered pages?
Is the paper heavy? So if I wrote on it with an ink gel pen or a fountain pen the ink will not go through. In other words is it ink proof or not.
Is this product ruled? It doesn't say that it is, but the description also does not say that it is unruled(blank). I want unruled for a DiffEq class.
what is the actual tone of the paper? is it light grey? white? bright white like snow?
Is this paper wide, narrow, or college ruled?
Is the BACK cover the same as the FRONT?
Is there a bungee closure?
The description indicates 70 pages and 140 pages. Which is correct?
where are the graph paper Black and red notebooks???!
is it quad ruled or only straight ruled lines
Is the cover slick or rough for this particular product?
How dark are the lines on the pages...are the lightly ruled or darker lines (distracting)?
What are the dimensions of the bag itself?
do these bags fit into the 79ci shredder ?
What is the print on the bag? Is it a suffocation warning?
Are 36052 bags biodegradable
Do these bags fit the 99Ci?
do these bags fit the 69Cb shredder?
Do these bags have a flat bottom? Meaning, when they are fully opened, is the bag puckered or is it flat like a zip lock bag?
Hello: The ones I need are 9x15 and are for a SB85 with a 7 gallon waste bin. Will the bags fit? Thanks.
Has anyone used these with the SB-87Cs shredder?
I have an MS7Cs shredder. I'm trying to determine which gallon-size bag to use. Or any other way to determine the proper size to buy.
What is the size of the paper clip?
What is the length of these paperclips?
How many are included in the price? Is it just one clip?
How long is the paper clip?
Is this basically the same as this model http://www.amazon.com/Fiskars-196920-... ?
Could I use this to cut card stock (say three sheets of the thickness of index cards)?
I have a Friskar paper cutter that uses a round 1 1/2 disk with a hole in the middle. Can you please tell me where I can get replacements? Shirley
Is this scanner compatible with OS X Mavericks v10.9?
Is this compatable with windows 7? the description doesnt include Win 7 just older versions.
Lantern Slides: How easy is it to scan lantern slides with the Espon 4870 scanner?
does it have a journal tape in addition to receipt tape?
how many bill slots are there?
Can you use with a bar code scanner?
Do you sell printer parts for the 583CX
Do you have to use thermal paper?
does it have a USB port?
On the Z out, are you able to see the Net Sales for each department? Not just the net sales as a total?
can this register be fixed for the salon use coz we dont take tax.
Can you print a receipt twice? Will it print a receipt twice for one transaction?
How do you turn off the display when the machine is off? I followed the directions in the manual and that didn't work.
Does this make beeping and/or dinging noises when ringing up a sale and/or using the drawer? If so, is there a way to turn these sounds off? Thanks!
does it have customer price veiwing ?
Do you really have to push drawer for it to open?
Does this work on batteries only?
Is it easy to enter non-taxable sales and taxable sales and does the daily report give you a break down of each?
what kind of ink cartridge does this cash register use
Does this machine have to print out all eight departments with each transaction? I have one machine that cannot be programmed to avoid this.
Does this register print a reciept
Can you link a credit card machine to it?
I read somewhere that the batteries last for about 12 hours. Is there a secondary battery backup for when you switch the batteries?
When you peel the sticker off to use it, is the adhesive in the proper shape of the cut-out you inserted, or do you have to trim the adhesive?
If I put the stickers on spice jars, will I be able to wash them in the dishwasher or by hand without the labels coming off?
is this easy enough for kids?
will the sticker adhere to glass?
Some on-line videos show them cutting around the sticker. But, other on-line videos, show them just peeling the sticker right off. Which is it?
Can you switch the cartridges between permanent and repositionable even if it is not at the end of a roll?
is this easy enough for kids(8yrs old) to use?
Could anyone find me a video or a tutorial on how I can refill I bought an extra tape that is 20 foot
If you buy xyron 150 x, does it already come with a roll of adhesive or do you have to buy one?
It says "up to 1.5 inches", is it adjustable down to 1"?
so which is it: usb connector or female serial? description says either or
mac/os compatible?
I make my products so there would be no bar codes - is it possible to create bar codes? I am looking for my first cash register &amp; want quick ring up.
Is this tall enough to stand while typing?
How much weight will it actually hold?
How wide is the top? I would like to buy it for my wife to put her portable sewing machine on it. Thank you
I will be a passenger in the car on a long road trip and need to use my computer. Will this work?
Can I make this item stay at 26" ?
I have a 17inch ASUS screen laptop. Kind of heavy. Will it fit on the surface of the table or is it smaller than 17 inches?
How much weight will it actually hold?
How fast can it be put together and taken appart?
what is the shipping Weight of this item , i think that the specification is not complete
Can I put it on top of a desk to convert my desk into a standing desk?
COMPARE WITH I-83
Did everyone get the YELLOW teachers version of the calculator? I only saw one review claiming that was the case.
Hey! I want to buy this Calculator but I wanna know the color of it. can someone please help me?
I just purchased this calculator for and want to know if it's black or yellow?
Does this calculator come with software to "screen shot"?
Does CD/DVD come with TI-smartview software to connect the calculator to a computer?
Can this be used for Algebra through Calculus in high school?
What is the difference between TI-84 Plus and TI-84 Plus Silver?
My son just opened his calculator today to use for school (I purchased early so we would have) and it has a line down the middle of it.
Is there a backspace key? Our Casio has one &amp; my son loves that feature, but we need a more advanced calculator now.
Help! my class requires a BA II PLUS FIN CALC.&amp; but ISBN bring up prof.Are they the same?other is cheaper but its a finance class so I want to sure
What are the dimensions?
How do you check a list of numbers that you have put in to make sure that you have not made any errors before doing the final calculation?
Does it calculate present value?
Is this calculator programmable?
Are they keys on the new black version as stiff as the old silver model's keys?
If I order Texas Instruments BA II Plus Professional Financial Calculator from Amazon, which color will I get? grey old model or black new model?
For the black version, is the power button a little lower than the others?
is this a good calculator for the CFA level 1 exam?
Does the calculator come with a leather cover and a manual?
Hi; I am looking for a tool that will find a broken wire under the soil for an outdoor lamppost. Would this device do that job? Thanks in advance!
How to use this mt-8200-60A Intellitone Pro200 kit to trace network cable without shutting down the POE switch.(cables no Labels on the Patch Pannel)
can you tone just one wire with a single alligator clip
Trying to track several shielded 22 gauge 3 pair cables will this work.
Trying to track several shielded 22 gauge 3 pair cables will this work.TRYED TWO DIFFERENT
Trying to track several shielded 22 gauge 3 pair cables will this work.TRYED TWO DIFFERENT
Trying to track several shielded 22 gauge 3 pair cables will this work.TRYED TWO DIFFERENT
Trying to track several shielded 22 gauge 3 pair cables will this work.TRYED TWO DIFFERENT
Trying to track several shielded 22 gauge 3 pair cables will this work.TRYED TWO DIFFERENT
Will this detect existing wires hidden behind sheet rock walls.?
which printer are these compatible with?
can you use this with a rhino 4200
will these labels work with the dymo 450 labelwriter
Will the rhino pro 1/2 inch work with the dymo letra tag printer?
Does this work with the D1 Label Manager 160?
What is the diameter of these labels? I would like to place them on top of a small 1.5 " diameter jar, so I can see them in a drawer.
Would these fit on the tupperware spice jars ??
Could you also list all 41 of the pre-printed spices? These are so cute, but I need to know which of my 65 spices will match.
Does it work with 110/240 Volts range?
Ringer: How can I turn the ringer off?
does it work with window 8 (touch)I have printer driver for window 98/2000/Me/XP version 1.2
My canon faxphone l80 says rec'd in memory load paper. How do I clear that and get my fax to print?
Can this be shipped today? 11-12-13 ?
What toner type does it take?
Will this scan both sides of the page, or just one?
I need a responce as soon as possable as I need it sent out today if possable.
HIs the photo in the ad the actual printer? If not can you send some? Also are there any defects or non working items or missing items I need to know
will this fit the hp psc 1300 &amp; 1310 series ? the old cartridge is C6657 A no n after.
what printer is this compatible to
what is the expiration date on hp #57 if i were to order from you
What is the expiration date on these?
i have a ssupply of 56/57 cartridges. but need a new compatible printer. cant afford to toss what printer uses these?
Will this fit in a HP DeskJet F4180?
does the N after the A in your C6657AN matter if my old cartridge doesn't have an N on it
Is this in the retail box?
what is the expiration date on package?
Will it work with Windows 8.1 professional
Does this work with a MAC?
Does this work on 64-bit Windows and outlook 2010?
When it says "Recognize both sides of business card" does that mean it does it at the same time? (without having to refeed it through.)
Will this work on Window 7, 32 bit?
Hi, my assistant works remotely and I'd like to scan the cards and ask her to do the corrections. Is it possible to share the files using dropbox?
Will this application upload card information directly into Excel?
Hello. How can i remove the app from one pc and re install it in a different one, considering the activation code was already used ?
Will it work with Windows 7?
Can output also be saved as a jpeg?
will this cabinet hold legal files
Do the drawers pull all the way out?
How heavy is this cabinet? Can it be lifted by one person into a car?
Can one person assemble this??
Is the back of the file cabinet finished?
can the files be put in laterally, so accessed from the side instead of the front?
How is the drawer suspended?
Does this cabinet have a locking mechanism?
When the cabinet is full, do you have issues with the item tipping when you pull out a drawer?
Is the width definitely 20.5"? I have exactly 61.5" of space. What is the width of the trim on both sides?
How much does it hold in change? Quarters, dimes, nickels?
Does it fit in a cup holder? Does it clip to something?
Is it plastic?
Does this coin holder fit in your purse as well? Is it heavy if you completely fill it?
What are the exact dimensions of this coin holder?
does this item have the warning for materials that can cause cancer?
my son in law plays Magic the gathering and has thousands of 3 1/2 x 3 " playing cards, would this work?
What are the dimensions
what kind of battery runs the clock?
Does this have a lock?
Would this hold 4 x 6 index cards?
How to adjust date/time?
Do you have refills for the A-Z indexes?
can it hold self-ink stamps and stamp pads and inks
Is that a logo or sticker on the top? Can it be removed?
Are the edges finished in a way that it is possible to put two boards side-by-side and still have them look good? I have a 30 x 44 inch space to fill
Will this rust if placed outside at a pool club? The wood ones disintegrate after a year.
Was it difficult/easy to mount?
could i use this to attach magnetic small containers from ikea used for spices?
Is the finish of the board shiny or matte?
Can the board be hung either way?
What is the purpose of the holes? Reduced weight? Seems like they'd make it more difficult to clean and for the pins to adhere.
Can this be mounted on a stainless steel refidgerator?
Does this require special push pins -- or is there something under the metal grid -- like cork -- that the push pins go into?
Will the push pins stay in with the weight of a necklace on it? That's what I want to use this board for-jewelry
Can you tell me what the expiration date is on this ink cartridge? Thanks
Is this product an OEM?
Is this a lexmark brand or is it refurbished? What is the expiration date on the box?
Is this made of plastic or metal?
Does the cord only come on the left side? That would make it a little less comfortable for us right-handers.
Is the handset have volume control?
how bright is the red color?
can you hook up a caller id to the Crosley CR60- kettle phone?
can you use with an answering machine?
What is the REN number of this phone?
What is the length of the coiled phone cord and the cable line?
length of wall cord
Does this phone have a speaker phone feature?
Is this made of plastic or metal?
Does the cord only come on the left side? That would make it a little less comfortable for us right-handers.
Is the handset have volume control?
how bright is the red color?
can you hook up a caller id to the Crosley CR60- kettle phone?
can you use with an answering machine?
What is the REN number of this phone?
What is the length of the coiled phone cord and the cable line?
length of wall cord
Does this phone have a speaker phone feature?
Is this made of plastic or metal?
Does the cord only come on the left side? That would make it a little less comfortable for us right-handers.
Is the handset have volume control?
how bright is the red color?
can you hook up a caller id to the Crosley CR60- kettle phone?
can you use with an answering machine?
What is the REN number of this phone?
What is the length of the coiled phone cord and the cable line?
length of wall cord
Does this phone have a speaker phone feature?
I have moderate hearing difficulty and am concerned about voice clarity and volume with this phone.
Can I use a headset on this phone? If so, which headset is compatible?
does it have voice mail
what are the demensions
Can you do 3 way calling on this phone and if so, how
Can you hear clearly?
does phone have speaker button
Can this phone use a corded headset?
could i use this adhesive for face mounting? Thanks
Can this product be used to mount fabric?
Is this archival?
Does this come in the box with the squeegee and cover liner? This is the only one on Amazon not pictured in the box.
is this product "paper thin"? Im looking to mount pages back to back and I am looking for very thin adhesive sheets
Can this be applied to a large mirror?
Do you hoop the stabilizer then just stick your fabric on top of it? I am reading that you do not have to hoop the fabric.
Is this sticky enough to hold caps in place?
What needle works best for baby onesie with this stabilizer ?
What is the size of the grid? Is it 1-inch? I need a 1-inch tear-away grid for upholstery tack spacing.
Does anyone use this solely for tshirt monogramming and applique? I cannot seem to find a cutaway that doesn't pucker or hold stitches well. TY!
Anyone try webbing like dog collars wiith this stablizer?
What weight is this stabilizer?
can I use this to make DIY stickers?
Would this be a good stabilizer for hand embroidery?
Question please: When using this do you use a piece of permanant cut-away betreen it and you t-shirt?
What is the material on the arm rests and are they adjustable?
aeron ergonomic desk chair: What is the difference between the new posture fit technology and the more commonly available lumbar support feature?
Does this come assembled?
What is the maximum height for the seat? (how far above the floor?) I am short and most chairs are too low.
Do you ship overseas?
Can you international shipping?
are the caster suitable for hard wood floors?
Does it come with adjustable armrests?
compatible with windows 7 ultimate?
compatible with windows 8.1?
has anyone tried to print on burlap with this printer?
Does this printer work with windows 8? I have a Z515 that doe not
Is printer compatable with os7?
Is this printer compatible with black 17 ink?
can the sound be amplified for incoming phone calls?
Does the phone indicate how many minutes you have been talking?
What is the range of this phone if the base is indoors &amp; the receiver part is outside during the day. Please estimate the distance it would reach.
how is the battery?
Can this phone be used with a Magic Jack?
i need to have an additional phone for my den.does this phone come with this
battery replacement: Can the battery in this phone be replaced?
Does it come with a handle or strap or both
Is there a slot for a regular notebook. or just a legal pad?
Would an ipad fit into the interior zippered pocket?
I have a Mead 5 subject notebook I want to stick in there. It's about an inch thick and is 11x9 in. Do you think it would fit and zip?
Is this D-ring or round ring, and what size? I need 1.5" ring, d-ring preferable. thx.
Can the the 3 ring binder be removed or is it riveted in?
Is the material leather?
How big are the 3 ring binder ?
Is it big enough to zip up with a few manila folders? Either in the pocket or just on top of the note pad would be fine.
Does the HP 10bII+ Financial Calculator come with a User's Guide?
whta is the difference between HP 10b11 and the HP10b11+ finance calculators?
I there an instruction book for sale for this calculator?
Is this a better choice than the Texas Instruments BAII Plus?
what are the physical dimensions of hp 10bll?
How responsive are the keys, and how fast is it?
does the calculator come with a case cover
What type of battery and how easy to find and change?
How many Instructional CDs/DVDs come with this HP 10bII+ Financial Calculator? If so, what is the viewing time of the CD/DVDs and were they hopeful?
normal or reverse polish notoation?
Can this scan legal size paper?
How do I scan to PDF?
Does it work with Mac OS X?
Can it scan tabloid?
does it work with vista
Does this product covers international warranty?
i need to scan small individual negatives (about 35mm or dental xray size). Does anyone know how well the transparency adapter works?
Does it work with windows 7
Does it work with windows 8?
Can you scan 4x6" photos in the ADF?
size of tape for caculator CANON P-23
Is this just calculator rolls for sale, or is a machine included?
Does this paper fit the casio inc. hr-100tm business calculator?
What is the paper weight? 20#?
can this be use with a victor 1460 what is the width of the paper
sharp 207
Will this fit Casio HR-100TM calculators?
Can this tape be used on a XE-a-102 Electric cash register?
in the instruction book canon p23-dhv the diameter of tape 3/38 max if the length of tape in add is150 ft would that mean that the diameter is 3/38 or less
I would like to know where is my package, the sell sent me and e-mail saying it was delivered and to no avail, my request was to my business address!
does this come with drop down front panel paper tray
what is the copy counts on this printer? (45,000?)
What kind of cable needs to be purchased to use this?
I live in Long Island, where in NY is this machine and could I pick it up?
is this a network printer?
Is this toner drum an All in One package that print 20,000 pages of black and print 5,000 pages of color?
Is this drum unit originally from Hewlett Packard product? Does this product have manufacture guarantee?
I bought an HP color Laserjet printer and HP Color Laserjet Imaging Drum. Do I need another print cartridge to get the printer printing?
Are these OEM Epson inks or refilled cartridges from a 3rd party? Looks like customers have gotten both reading these reviews
Why does this come up when you search "Epson R1800"? Are these ink's compatible?
so the expiration date hasn't elapsed on these?
what is the expiration date?
what is the expiration date?
does this work on heat transfer paper for tshirts?
About "top of form" complaints. I have pre printed checks and invoices. Would this be a problem? Current printer lines up with "Pay To: on cks.
will this item's drivers be compatible with windows pro 7 OS
Which 3 copy paper is compatible with the printer?
what type of warranty comes with this printer?
I would like to know if this item comes with tractor feed. Thank you.
What does this printer comes with? Cords at least...? Anything wrong with the Printer?
what interface does it have ?
what size paper does it use ?
Where can I get replacement cutting blades?
Does the tape fit tight on the core of the holder? The one I have has a core that's slightly too small for the tape rolls and they start to slide off.
Does this Tape Dispenser fit a 110 yards tape roll?
Can this be used with the 900" length Scotch 2" Packaging Tape?
Will it fit only Scotch 3M tapes or other brands will do too?
Anyone have experience with both the Uline H-150, and this 3M H180? Both have a following. Curious which you prefer?
Does this come with a roll of tape or is that sold separately?
I measured the tapes that I have without dispensers.... ... they are 2 inches, not 3, will this work for them?
Can anyone tell me what the core diameter is? I have several rolls of packing tape with a 3" core.
Does the cutter extend to cut the tape when the plastic shield if bent?
Are these cartridges compatible in the Lexmark 7300 series? I usually but them at Best Buy, but they are very expensive there. Please advise.
i am looking for cartridges for lexmark printer X5470 what are the choices?
Will these cartriges come sealed in individual packages AND IN THE ORIGINAL LEXMARK RED/BLACK box? The last ones I ordered from Amazon weren't in box
Are these "new" in sealed wrappers (not refilled) ?
Is this the model 2866? comes with warranty certification?
the warranty will be open after purshase?
does it come with the box as shown?
Is this item authentic and can it be engraved?
Does it come with the official MontBlanc Box?
why is it selling much cheaper than anywhere else? is it the "real deal" or a copy ?
I just received mine. But where is the stamp or signed? There is service guide booklet. How Warranty Certificate work?Where is serial number?
does it come with a stamped warranty card?
does it have a audio alert when there is new messages
Does this machine have an "announcement only" option? We do not want recorded messages/voicemails.
Can it be used for multiple lines
Multiple lines
Does it have a battery back up?
Do I can print from my computer with usb cord???
Can you use an SDHC memory card with this printer?
what do I need to connect the printer to a computer?
Purchased this unit why can't I print photos inserted sd cardnd light comes on and goes off please help
what ink cartridge number for Epson PictureMate Personal Photo Printer
what kind power supply for this printer?
will this print 3x4 photos?
Where to find extra paper... Does anybody know where to get extra glossy (or matte) paper for the picturemate?
What Number cartridge doesthis printer take.
What is dimension of shelf above monitor? How much weight will it hold?
2 questions....can the shelf just under the keyboard tray be left off? Also, my monitor is 19 inches tall, will it fit under the top shelf?
What is the height from floor to the monitor shelf?
What size PC (height) will fit under the desk ?
can the top shelf be removed (or NOt attached)?
Will a PC tower 16 inches in height fit on the bottom shelf?
How far does the key board tray extend? I"m petite with short arms.
Do you think that with some drilled holes that the top shelf mount could be installed lower and be used to hold a monitor and add desktop space?
What is the measurement from the floor to the top of the keyboard?
Can the top shelf be adjusted down to within 16-20" of the monitor desktop. I would prefer not to have 55" of height hiding my library.
The12 mm screw that attach the left and right sides of frame to slide rails doesn't go through all the way. any help welcome
What size monitor will it handle?
How are the coasters? Does the cart glide easy with out much effort?
What are the dimensions of the work surface, please?
wierd question; when I think about using my computer at wok, the desk has not bottom plate so my chair is pushed in under the desk (as well as my feet). Will it be comfortable with a bottom plate? Isn't your body out of alignment with this type of desk...
Can this desk be used for laptop computers?
What is the side to side measurement? I have a 22" space to accommodate a stand. Will this fit?
can I use this for sitting in my bed while using it for my 15" laptop &amp; is the height tall enough for me to sit in my bed
WHAT MATERIAL IS THE SHELVES MADE OF ?
I can't get the 12 mm screws for the keyboard tray into the holes in the frame, they just don't go at all, did you have this problem?
are these made of paper? are they durable? i'm trying to find something stronger than normal
Is there 1 item or 25 folders?
Is the pocket connected in the middle? For example, is it bound all the way through the pocket in the center or is the pocket disconnected?
Is the exterior surface suitable for printing?
Will a label stick to the outside?
Are these folders glossy?
How many folders of each color are there?
Are there holes in them in order to put into a binder?
How many sheets of paper can a folder hold?
Does the mouse tray have to be closed in order to slide the keyboard tray under the desk?
is the wrist rest removable?
Is the wrist rest removable on this one? My keyboard has a built in wrist rest.
Does it fit ergonomic keyboards?
Is this keyboard tray fully adjustable, or does it have fixed height settings?
Candace be mounted on a desk made of composite laminate wood? If so what would you recommend for mounting. Thanks!
is it easy to install
Does is lock to hold it in place while typing?
Will this hold up if you are resting your arms on the drawer? I want something my boss will be able to abuse some and it not fall apart within 6 month
How long are the tracks? Will it fit under a desk that is 18 inches wide?
Does keyboard retract when not in use?
Only have 9 1/2 inches from front to back under my desk.Will the brackets fit and hold the tray being atached in so close an area?
Is it 24" wide with or without the mouse tray.. I only have 21 "
Will any brand keyboard fit this or does it have to be a Fellows Keyboard?
Can a Microsoft ergonomic keyboard (of approx. size 20x10.5) fit?
is this a sliding drawer
Would it work on a desk with a 1 inch lip extending on the front? My desk edge extends one inch below the bottom of the desk, and is 1/2 in thick
Is it cushioned or a hard surface on the place where the wrist touches or rests on the keyboard tray?
Does it slide under the desk to be out of the way without sticking out?
Can the underdesk mount drill into a metal bar not wood?
Is it really 4' by 8'? The one in the picture doesn't appear to be twice as long as it is high.
The 2nd picture has some Alphabets sticking on it. Is this magnetic?
How thick is the board?
It says that the product dimension is 48x96 but that the size is 4x6 in the product information section. Which is the correct one?
Is this supposed to come with instructions for how to mount? We couldn't find any.
do magnets stick to it?
Is this also magnetic? i see magnets on the product picture, but it does not say it in product details.
What is the width and depth of this stand?
Would this riser accommodation a laptop mounted onto a docking station?
Can you remove the pull-out drawer and if so how much clearance does this give you?
One of the pictures shows a cup holder. Does this version come with the cup holder or does only the deluxe version come with the cup holder and CD hol
Can I put the keyboard underneath of stand
What keeps thie from slowly dropping away from the desk and the screw holes stripping as one types, etc.?
I have a crossbar under my desk, so there is only about 10" from the edge to install something underneath. Will this work?
Does the keyboard tray adjust to make it lower or higher and if so, what does the measurements extend to?
how much beneath the mounting surface does the drawer extend?
I have a desk w/ a 36" opening, but it has a drawer that is 14" in the middle. Can the brackets adjust to 14"? so I can mount on the drawer beams.?
what's in the box? Are all the tools needed in the box?
I'm using a wooden folding table, it has a metal bar underneath is after a few inches will this be okay to install?
mounting
How does the mouse "shelf" attach to the underside of the keyboard tray (screws, what kind, how many, etc.)?
Does the mouse pad swing away or under the bracket? My desk knee hole is 28 inches wide and would not accept the bracket with the mouse pad extended.
I see it is 21.5" inside the legs. Can you please give the top dimensions? I am looking for something to use for a printer riser. Thanks.
clearance between legs
I am hoping to use the cd compartment as a hidden flash drive &amp; cash &amp; ring &amp; watch space that has an easily removed lid 'thanks
Any sagging issues?
I'm curious to know how much space is between the two cubby holes on the top? and how much space from the back of the top to the cubby holes?
Is it possible to hold the monitor of DELL U2412M?
What is the maximum clearence from the bottom of the drawer down?
What is lowest height and is this adjustable for changing heights
can the cd storage compartment be used as a "hidden" compartment? Is the lid easily removed and put back in place? I am hoping that I could use it to
What is its height, width and depth in inches. What are the dimensions of the inside of the drawer, please?
can the drawer be removed
What color is this unit?
can you mount on wall
What are the dimensions?
This stand is rated to hold 50 pounds. My HP laser printer weighs 58 pounds (including a ream of paper). Safe to use?
What is the stand made of? Metal, heavy plastic?
Can you remove the drawer and if so could I slide a laptop on a docking station underneath it (roughly 14" x 14")?
Can you adjust ringer volume and turn off ringer?
is there a voice mail in the phone or do i need a separate answering machine?
is there a speaker?
Is the black phone metal or plastic?
color - Is it like a cherry red or tomatoe ish red? color - Is it like a cherry red or tomatoe ish red?
Does this phone come with everything you need to mount it on the wall?
Does the phone have caller ID capability?
where is it made
does this phone have a built in DSL filter
How long is the phone's cord?
Can you adjust ringer volume and turn off ringer?
is there a voice mail in the phone or do i need a separate answering machine?
is there a speaker?
Is the black phone metal or plastic?
color - Is it like a cherry red or tomatoe ish red? color - Is it like a cherry red or tomatoe ish red?
Does this phone come with everything you need to mount it on the wall?
Does the phone have caller ID capability?
where is it made
does this phone have a built in DSL filter
How long is the phone's cord?
What is the height and width of this?
is it water proof
Dimensions?
How many shelves does this have?
Can this be used without the shelves (to store taller items)? Are the shelf positions adjustable (i.e., height between shelves)?
some comments say it can't be locked description says it can. what's up?
What are the dimensions (width and depth) of the shelves on the INSIDE? Need to plan size of containers it will hold. thanks.
What are the dimensions of this item?
Why are there 3 slots for ink, but manual list 4 cartridges?
Printer stopped printing 4 x 6 photos, only the 5x7. It makes noise but says paper tray empty. Almost new. Help!
can you make it wireless
is it wireless?
compatible with windows 98 SE? Print legal size as well as 8 1/2 x 11?
buy used do i have to have with it together or not?? like Disc or CD-ROM with HP Image Zone software for Microsoft Windows
What INK CARTRIDGES does it use?
How can I oirder large size only?
What is a easier way to put on. Took me a very long time
Are these small enough to fit on a 10 year old with skinny fingers?
How many in box?
Is it possible to buy only size M?
does it expand over time or does it keep its natural shape after numerous wear?
Is it possible to order these reusable rubber gloves to Europe?
Are these proper for using on collectible reading material? Will it help prevent spreading oil on pages?
since it is reusable, can it still keep retain it shape or durability through h chemicals?
I'm sewing doll clothes and have to press small seams. My fingers are being badly burned by steam. Has anyone used these to prevent this problem?
Can anyone tell me how high the edge (or lip) of each shelf rises above the shelf itself?
Does the 34" length include the handle? What are the actual inside dimensions on one of the shelves?
Can I use this outside on my deck?
Can anyone tell me if this cart rolls quietly? I need a quiet rolling cart for the office.
Is each pole a single section, or two separate sections? In other words, can this be used without the top shelf?
Has anyone left this cart for an extended period ? Did it rust?
Is the middle shelf optional? Can anyone with exp on this comment if its optional, or can someone suggest another similar cart with a more spacious bottom shelf?
Edge on the shelves: Can anyone tell me how high the edge is around the shelves?
does anyone else have a problem with the wheels falling off. I put the cart together but the wheels fall off when I lift it up to go over a hump.
can you not install handle?
I dug my Pixma out of the closet because I needed a travel printer and still had this one...I love it! Does anyone know if it works for w7?
can you verify that this printer dose work as being compatible with a windows 8.1 64-bit operating system? and if so, YOU have my ..attention
Does it run with a macbook with yosemite?
Does it use a lot of ink? Is there a battery in the printer
can you verify that this printer dose work as being compatible with a windows 8.1 64-bit operating system? and if so, YOU have my ..attention
has anyone used this printer with an ipad or iphone to print directly via bluetooth?
is it "AirPrint" capabable?
Mine worked. Now it's a mess. Within a couple weeks. Replaced ink... Still is terrible. Any ideas or troubleshooting?
Does the lid break off
my grandson is 7 and doesn't say some words so i can understan them, can he type in a word so he can communicate what he is saying
We've used this for 4 days and the sound has become barely audible. Does it need new batteries, or is this a malfunction?
can you turn the "talk" feature off - or do so by turning down the volume? Don't always want to hear it..thanks.
is the voice clear and without an accent ?
Does this product have a headphone jack? My 12yr old son has just been diagnosed with dyslexia but we need something that he can hear and not disrupt.
is this appropriate for a 12 year old?
Can you plug earphones in?
If you put a word in will it tell the same word to u to sp ell
do they also have differt colors?
I am 5'1"- would this be too tall for me?
Can you safely lean forward low enough to reach the ground and dig?
What is the minimum height. I am short and bought a seat 16 inches high and I can't reach the ground without straining by back. Is this lower?
what is the weight limit?
What is this made of?
Can you move the garden seat without getting up?
what is the model #
Does anyone know the maximum height that this will adjust to? I want to use it at a low pottery wheel and need something at least 15" high. Thanks!
What color is the nib for the Extra Fine? Is it black, or silver?
How bad do they bleed through normal paper? And for slow writers, would a fountain pen get a little messy?
I need to by a converter myself or it's included in this product?
Is it the pen made in Germany?
Is the ink that comes with this pen waterproof?
What color ink does it come with? black or blue?
this product will be boxed or not?
Does the nib bent slightly when it first arrived?
Can you change the nib to another size, and have a set of them, or is it fixed?
Is this a left-handed pen?
Is this pen heavier than the black plastic one? I prefer heavy pens.
Does the product include a refill cartridge?
Does this use the Z24 converter? I read somewhere that the AL-Star uses a different one.
Does this pen allow for the interchangeable nibs? I prefer a wide nib.
I need waterproof ink. Any suggestions? Also, can this pen be used as a dip pen? Or refilled by hand?
Which cartridge does the Lamy Al Star use? I'm not looking for a converter / bottled ink.
I noticed this pen comes in many colors. Is the one sold here silver as in the picture shown?
Does this pen with a black cartridge?
I see that this is a "Manual-Cut" printer, but it can use die-cut labels, right?
Compatability with non-adhesive thermal paper? Does anyone know if you can also load normal thermal rolls in this, like for printing reciepts?
Will this printer work to purchase ONLINE POSTAGE &amp; INTEGRATE W/Ebay &amp; PayPal address lists, &amp; work w/MAC? see review of 9/27/2013
I ordered this used and did not recieve the usb cable. What type of cord is that called?
What's kind of barcode label roll does it take to print barcode? Thanks!
does it come with a blank roll of label paper
Can you use to print postage?
does it have replaecable ink cartridge
I've heard there is the possibility of labels fading 6-12+ months after printing. Has anyone had issues with labels they created fading?
I have designed a label. I can get the unit to print addresses, BUT not on the label I have designed. What am I missing? Thanks
converter vs cartridge? What is a converter vs cartridge?
Why did my pen begin skipping and not writing at all? I put in a new cartridge and same thing. If nib is clogged, how do I clean it?
What color is the nib? It pictures a silver nib, but the product features say a black coated steel nib.
How "fine" is the fine tip? How does it compare to the other Lamy tip widths (extra-fine, medium)?
Where is the pen made?
What is the yellow part that appears on the product's picture ? Is it removable ?
Does this pen come with ink / catridge for first time use? Should I buy the ink/refills when buying the pen?
After using the blue ink, would there be a problem if I change the color to black?
I installed the provided ink cartridge and when I twist the bottom of the pen onto the top it does not puncture and allow ink to flow.
How does it compare to Pilot Metropolitan in writing experience? Which one is a smoother writer?
What is the size?
Can I use pins or tacks on this board, or can I only insert items behind the ribbons?
A lot of the reviews are complaining about the small size. Are these dimensions correct: 20 x 0.5 x 18 inches
can you put pins in it (like a cork board?)
Paper keeps coming out blank, with no ink. I installed all new ink cartridges and cleaned the print head very well. Still papers are blank, any ideas?
How do I print?
How do I print from tray?
how to print
how to print from bottom tray
how to print from bottom tray
Does the dual tray accommodate legal size paper?
Do you have to select the tray you want every time you print, or does it default to one tray and you only choose when you need the exception?
Is this wireless, WIFI?
We are still using Windows XP and plan to for a while and are printing on an HP 4200L. They work great together. Will this printer work well with XP?
Does it come with a toner cartride?
can you print avery labels and tabs on 1320tn?
Does this printer can print size 11x17 paper?
What are the dimensions?
can we use two different papers and send the order to print from one or the other?
Will this printer work with windows 8?
will HP laserjet printer 1320 work with windows 7
will this printer work with windows 98
is it wireless
Is there any kind of warranty with the refurbished printer? And does the HP Laserjet 19A cartridge fit for toner? Thanks!
I want to use the printer for mortgage loan documents which use letter and legal in the same package. Will this print both at the same time?
Can you put this on the Network?
what toner cartridges does it use
does this printer come with the toner cartridge ?
does it have legal and letter trays
Does this printer (HP Laserjet 1320) work with Mac computers?
Pictures I see of Brother labels, a black portion shows on each new label. Is this a file photo issue? I need plain white.
will thid work with a brother QL710W?
Quality difference between this one and the aftermarket version?
Will this work with the QL-700?
weatherproofsticker
Will this fit the QL-700?
Are these adhesive backed?
I just ordered the Ql 700 and want to print labels to put on DVD sleeves. These seem like the right size I want but are these just plain labels? cause it seems these have something else on them? I don't want die cut or anything else on them just plain...
are these QL-700 compatible...?
Can you write on the label. I want to make a file label and leave some space to write in deadline dates as they are known later on.
what's the difference btw this and the dk4205? the other one says removable on the package what does that mean? isn't this (dk2205) removable?
Can these labels be used for FBA fnsku labels? I have a brother QL710LW can I am having difficulty.
i have a fashion store, i have a QL-700, i want to put a code number and the price on all items, can i use this to put code pricing on the items ?
Do these DK-2205 Labels work with a Brother QL-700 Unit?
Can I use this for printing postage labels?
How many address labels could you print with this?
Does it come with the black plastic cartridge? Some after-market ones don't. Thanks
Most label tapes I've seen have a glossy film on the face. Do the standard (1/2") tapes have such a face?
Do they work with a Brother QL-700 printer?
How many labels on the roll??
What size core do these labels have?
Are the DK-1201 labels peel and stick?
Are they removable or permanent?
how many labels are in the DK-1201 package?
are these self adheisive labels
hello, is there a black block for each each label? I see there is a black square block on the picture.
Just want to clarify: is this a new OEM item, or is it refurbished? What is the warranty?
i want ask about the power : is it 110 v or 230 v ?? thanks
it is for the 5550 hp color laserjet printer? the pic shows another one
IS it New in Box?
The phone won't keep an increase in ringer volume. I don't want to return it, any suggestions?
Will this work with an AT&amp;TCloud-based system? Also, does it have voicemail capability
Does this phone require a digital or analog line
Does the intercom work if I have DSL on both lines in my office?
Will these phones work with a FiOS voice implementation?
do you still have the att 945?
Does this system support Music On Hold?
does this provide/support caller id?
Why is it for men only?
what are the dimensions
does this have a box to go with it as a gift
Is there anything engraved on the pen? like "space" or something like some of the other pens? The picture doesn't show many angles.
Does this pen work with Rite in Rain gear - in that it writes in wet enviro, does not run, smear, etc?
Can it write on anything, for example: a stick of butter ?
what size refill fits a bullet space pen
What ink refill does this take?
Is the ink black?
Does the Matte Black bullet pen have the "grip lines" engraved into it like the chrome one does?
Does this come with the twist converter? If so, does it include the the extra metal piece that will help pull the ink from the plunger to the nib?
Does anyone use this pen for drawing? Can you put in waterproof black carbon ink?
How do you get the cartridges supplied by Namiki Pilot to seat in the chamber (pressing harder results in a collapsed cartridge)?
I own this pen but have seldom used it because it skips. I put it away, try again, same thing. Can anyone tell me how to fix it?
Can the nib be easily changed out by the owner? I want to try a fine nib, but if I don't like it I'd like to swap it out with a normal.
small pens
How does one change the converter? I can't get it out.
What is the composite of this phone? Is it plastic or metal? Or made from composite materials from the era?
What is the ringger? Is it a classic bell sound, or modernized?
Can you add a longer cord to this phone?
So it works and is usable?
Crosley Black Candlestick phone. Anybody have any issues to mention or problems with it?
can the ringer be shut off completely
Can an answer machine be connected to it?
Power required? And can you wall mount it? Does this phone require a power source or is like a good old plain telephone that gets its juice from the phone line only?
How tall is this phone?
Does this phone require ac power supply in addition to the phone line?
MP 780 vs. new MP 830? Can anyone help with salient differences between them?
MP780 stopped printing black: Anyone find a solution or have any luck getting a repsonse from Canon?
Can I make the MP 780 Wireless? What's the best course of action?
Canon MP 780 printer: How does this work on a Mac?
If some of my ink cartridges are empty, can I still scan?
My computer cant find the printer: It makes kind of a slow rattling noise as long as the usb cable is connected. anyone can shade some ideas?
Canon MP 780 and MP 830: Do these two printers use the same ink cartridges?
Canon MP 780: is the scanner a flat bed?
Blank paper capacity: How much blank paper does this printer hold at once?
Will it work on black paper?
will it work on fabric that is going to be washed often?
Does this pack include a gray or dark gray marker?
How do they work on canvas totes?
do sharpies work for clothing that will be washed
is it dishwasher safe
are they oil based?
Are they oil based or water based?
will these work very well for detaling features on cloth doll faces?
is there a peach
Do these markers bleed through paper?
What is the difference between the Sharpie Pen and the Sharpie Ultra-Fine-Point Permanent Markers?
does this set have a white colored sharpie?
Do these fine markers work well on stained glass coloring books?
does anyone know if these will work with a Cricut Explore machine?
Can these be used on fabric? Will they bleed?
Do these marker show up on a black background? Black poster board for instance.
can you clean unintentional marks off non pours surfaces with rubbing alcohol like most other sharpie products?
what colors are in this pack?
new ultrafine points markers are dry - bought a 3 pack! HOw can I get them to write?
Does this pen have a cap?
I want to be sure I am replacing the same exact pen because I LOVE how it writes. IS THIS PEN a UNI-BALL JETSTREAM, 1.0. Thank you.
rolling cross page?
how long do they last if you use them for 3 hours per day?
are these washable?
The picture in my search results has yellow; however the product detail picture does not. Is there a yellow?
Is each marker a different color? Are there any Duplicate colors?
I have a glassboard; as description is "For use on whiteboards, glass and non-porous surfaces" &gt;&gt; glassboard ok? Thanks!
does this work on chalkboard/blackboard?
can this printer have copying capabilities
how many pages has it run? the total page count is on the config page under information. I am really interested in the machine
Whats the page count on this printer?
Does this printer have the optional network port?
Can you ship a HP4250 to Toronto Canada? If so, what would the shipping cost?
will this fit my HP Laser Jet 1320
This toner is cheaper than its newer version in black box. Is there any difference in quality? Will this one work just as well?
does this cartridge comes in its original sealed hp box?
Is this in a retail package?
I need one, can u tell be the "use before" date ? Thanks !
Are these matte labels anywhere close to glossy ones? Would you use them on commercial CD albums?
If I should need an applicator which one would be the best and easiest to use?
Does this come with the applicator?
does this work with windows 7?
can you remove the DVD tray and just use the box for general storage?
What are the internal dimensions of this box?
Can you set the combination lock yourself? Or is it already set?
is the box water/fire proof?
Is the lock secure?
Can the box fit the aveage size paper and files
Does it have a handle on top?
Tried to set the combo and it's locked and I didn't set the password what should I do?
can you change the combination code?
How many DVD's/Games can it fit it?
most dvd cases are at least six inched tall and eight inches wide...doesnt seem like it would fit my movie dvd cases
how many DVD's does each box hold?
Is this DVD Movie size or just 'jewel case' size?
Do BluRay Movies fit in here?
Can you put the DVD cases inside these storage boxes?
Does this case hold blu ray cases?
Can this box handle the weight of DVD's in slip covers? If I put discs in paper covers, I could technically fit over 150 discs in one box. Thats heavy
I have read that there is only one box, even though the description says two boxes. Please clarify if two complete boxes are in this order.
Is there a PULL-HANDLE on the end of these DVD boxes, as I see on some of the photos for this manufacturer here?
Are these sturdy enough to stack? I just want to one on top of another, but am a bit concerned about the boxes popping open.
Will this work on 2201-16200-601? It has two phone jacks with pictures of external microphones so I'm assuming that it does.
Can these Mics be re-wired to work with a 3.5mm plug to connect to a computer's soundcard Mic input? If not, why?
Will these work on: 2201-67800-160?
What is the length of mic cords?
do these mics work with a regular soundstation 2 (#2200-16000-001)? thx
Will these work on the Polycom Soundstation 2W (#2201.67880.022)
Do you have a manual and box
Is this a piston fill pen?
Can this pen be used as an eye dropper pen?
Can you use Noodler's black ink with this pen?
Are you using this primarily for writing, for sketching, both?
How long does the nib last on this pen. It is quite expensive to replace the entire pen.
Is there a way to take the nib and feeder out for better cleaning?
4200: gears squeaking loudly above paper separation pad &amp; sides roller on pull-down paper. Can anyone help?
Before purchasing the printer, what is the total page count on the printer I wish to purchase?
How many pages has this printer printed?
Is a toner cartridge included?
How do you use the label maker. I did not receive any instructions
Does CD Avery CD/DVD work with Windows 7
Have you tried applying full labels using this applicator?
Is this quicker than placing the labels on by hand?
Does this only work with "Avery" CD/DVD labels or will it work with another label like "Memorex"? Thanks in advance for your help :)
On the labels I have, the center hole is larger than a cd center hole so the applicator needs to have a tapered spindle. Will this work?
Does this work with mini cd/dvd?
will this work with mini disk ?
Does this work with Avery 5931/8931 cd labels?
Can you use this to print labels for DVDs as well?
Is this label the same label format as the Avery 28669 CD labels; just more of them?
Is this label the same as the Avery 8692 cd labels? what is the difference?
What is the measurement (length) of the spine label?
Why does this item show international shipping but not ship to Hawaii??
Does this come with some sort of software to download so you can customize the image on a comuter and print onto it?
Can this product be used with Mac computers?
what's a tab?
Can this be used on printers other than HP or do you have to stick with the brand of your printer?
I want to confirm that the paper you have is the one with the image shown above (blue box with red and white, with a picture of two women on the front
Does this work with the Intuos 3?
How it works with CS6, Illustrator 6, and Lightroon 5
Does this pen work with the Cintiq 12wx?
One or two buttons?
Does this pen work with the Cintiq 21UX DTZ-2100?
Can this pen be used with the Cintiq 24HD?
Does this pen work on the samsung galaxy note 2.
Will this pen work with Intous4?
does this pen work with an older cintiq 21UX?
Will this work with the Model 1200
Does it have an envelope tray?
I need a wireless printer. Is this wireless?
what kind of a plug in does it require the one I have did not come with one
What size paper does it use?
can the printing function be turned off?
Can you turn the printing on and off?
how to clean printhead on P23-DH V?
Dimensions of calculator?
howbig is this product
my Canon P23-DH V 2 color mini-Desktop Printing Calculator does not subtract It adds, Multiply,&amp; Divides ok but adds when it should subtract
does paper come with it
does it use batteries
How do you re-ink the ribbon? Ours are barely visible when printing.
Trying to figure out how much stuff will stack on each shelf. How high is the actual opening for the shelves?
Are the shelves removable?
Is this wide enough to hold legal size files/documents?
What does the back look like? Is it solid wood or could a cord be fed out the back?
What does the back look like? Is it solid wood like the rest of the piece?
How hard would it be to break off two of the drawers (to create more vertical space per shelf)?
Is this item sturdy enough to put a 19" flat screen monitor on it?
What are the exact inside dimensions? I am wanting to put my 11.9" x 9.4" two pocket folder inside. Thank you.
Could I put my printer (about 20lb) on this and use it as a printer stand?
what is the Plantronics part no?, they make two that look alike
Does it have a button to raise the handset manually?
I have a Toshiba deskphone: DKT2010-SD Version: 1B LOT NO:C2, will the HL10 work with that phone and a Plantronics CS540? Thanks!
where do I get some more mounting tape backing
Will this lifter work with a Plantronics CS 55 headset system?
Does this have a straight plug, or an elbow plug?
Will this lifter(Plantronics HL10) work with a Plantronics CS510 headset system? (Thanks)
Does this work with the Panasonic KX-TS4200 phones?
I have a Plantronics CS 70 NC and the lifter has died. Is this one compatible with my phone
It's not listed, but it came up as compatible with the Plantronics CS530. Can you verify?
what is the Plantronics part no?, they make two that look alike
Does it have a button to raise the handset manually?
I have a Toshiba deskphone: DKT2010-SD Version: 1B LOT NO:C2, will the HL10 work with that phone and a Plantronics CS540? Thanks!
where do I get some more mounting tape backing
Will this lifter work with a Plantronics CS 55 headset system?
Does this have a straight plug, or an elbow plug?
Will this lifter(Plantronics HL10) work with a Plantronics CS510 headset system? (Thanks)
Does this work with the Panasonic KX-TS4200 phones?
I have a Plantronics CS 70 NC and the lifter has died. Is this one compatible with my phone
It's not listed, but it came up as compatible with the Plantronics CS530. Can you verify?
what is the Plantronics part no?, they make two that look alike
Does it have a button to raise the handset manually?
I have a Toshiba deskphone: DKT2010-SD Version: 1B LOT NO:C2, will the HL10 work with that phone and a Plantronics CS540? Thanks!
where do I get some more mounting tape backing
Will this lifter work with a Plantronics CS 55 headset system?
Does this have a straight plug, or an elbow plug?
Will this lifter(Plantronics HL10) work with a Plantronics CS510 headset system? (Thanks)
Does this work with the Panasonic KX-TS4200 phones?
I have a Plantronics CS 70 NC and the lifter has died. Is this one compatible with my phone
It's not listed, but it came up as compatible with the Plantronics CS530. Can you verify?
How many reams in carton
how many reams in a carton?
how many paper sheets in total carton?
I want to paint or use marker how much does one cover about?
It says "FREE shipping" next to the price, but charges me shipping at checkout. What gives?
Is this for 12 markers? For $2.09+shipping, I get 12 markers right?
Will these pens sign pro NFL helmets: Will these work?
I want to paint or use marker how much does one cover about?
It says "FREE shipping" next to the price, but charges me shipping at checkout. What gives?
Is this for 12 markers? For $2.09+shipping, I get 12 markers right?
Will these pens sign pro NFL helmets: Will these work?
when is the expiration date on this ink?
What is the size of the cartridge? 21 ml or 14 ml
Is there a black cartridge, or does the printer combine these colors to make black? Thanks !
How many pages does it print?
Can this 97 large color cartridge be used with my 2610 xi HP Photosmart?
What are the dimensions of this cartridge? (height, width, depth)
What is the expiration date of this cartridge? Is it in a new and unopened HP box?
I want to paint or use marker how much does one cover about?
It says "FREE shipping" next to the price, but charges me shipping at checkout. What gives?
Is this for 12 markers? For $2.09+shipping, I get 12 markers right?
Will these pens sign pro NFL helmets: Will these work?
Does the phone have speakerphone capability?
Can the ringer be turned off completely?
Is there a compatible cordless phone that does not need a phone jack?
Is the amplifier in the phone base or in the ear piece? I need to find just an earpiece so I can plug it into my work phone.
Does this phone have relay written messages
Does this work with a digital phone service?
Can it be wall mounted?
is it wall mountable?
Is the power supply an A.C. to D.C. converter?
Does the speakerphone work with the battery backup (NO A.C.)?
Does it have a sliding sleeve that fully retracts?
What kind of eraser refills does it use?
Hi, how much is the shipping weight of this pencil, in grams? Thanks.
What refills do I order?
is this fine point or medium point?
What refills can I order with it?
Does this machine fold 80# glossy paper well, I read a review and said it would not pick up 28# paper so I was hesitant to purchase?
I frequently use HP Glossy Presentation Paper. It is 48 lb. Any idea as to whether this machine would handle this well (without a lot of jamming)?
Hi is this dual voltage I need one that is 220 volts?
I need to put a double parallel fold for quad fold into a legal sized piece of paper will this machine handle that?
Hello. I need help with the exact settings needed to fold 'letter fold' for paper sized Australian A4 (21cm x 29.6cm.)
What is the base made out of? Is it heavy duty or just plywood?
What size paper does it cut? We need one for legal size
The description says 17" but im seeing reviews showing 14" - 15". did the product change or is something wrong here? i need to be able to cut a3
How many sheets of card stock can you cut at once and can you cut a letter sized sheet into 4th accurately without 1/16" difference
My company bought one for our project use. Is it suppose to be really stiff in the beginning?
I want to use it to cut .027" thick sheet metal. Do you think it would cut that without damaging machine?
Is the clamp removable? And does it cut mat boards?
Will it cut plastic?
Is the cutting arm spring loaded? It stays up by itself?
length of cutting edge?
Are these dividers the same paper thickness/weight as regular manila file folders or thicker or thiner? Also is the tab at the top about 2" in length?
Dumb question: does the 4 x 6 measurement include the tabs? I.e., would the tab portion be higher than a 4x6 photo or index card?
Are these actual folders or just dividers?
Are these cards acid free?
I have an officejet printer, can I use this printer to print transfers for t-shirt press?
can these be printed on with a copier? it will be hot. but my only color printer is a copier
Can I use this on a heather gray shirt? (walmart's steel heather gray). It will be in black ink. Or will I have to use the dark transfer? Thanks!
i want to use these on a ribbed tank top. Has anyone tried this type of fabric? Wondering if I should try to find NOT-ribbed tanks.
Has anyone tried to transfer drawings using these? As in coloring/drawing on them with markers, crayons, etc. then applying them to clothing?
Will this work for canvas bags?
Will this work with HP Deskjet 1513 - Multifunction - Thermal Inkjet ?
dose it matter if the print sits for a few days before ironing on?
Has anyone used a silicone press cloth to iron on the transfer? I need to know asap!
Can I use an a deskjet printer with these sheets?
Has anyone used 80lb paper? If so, how well does it do using a single fold.
Does this machone fold A4 size papers?
Will this fold in half and then fold the two folded corners in by 2 inches ?
I see that it folds a z fold, but does it do a tri-fold where both ends fold inward toward the middle panel? (Brochure type)
Is it easy to change the type of fold that you want (such as a "Z" fold or a center fold)?
Will this fold a group of pages together (e.g., a 3 page letter), or does it only fold I sheet at a time?
Is this machine programmable? I see only an on/off switch in the picture.
Will this machine fold 11x17 paper in half booklet style then fold the booklet into a letter envelope size?
Will this machine fold glossy paper?
Will this machine fold a 2 panel brochure. Basically it is a tri fold with the last 1/3 cut off?
I would need it to cut 13" x 19" glossy photo paper along the 19" side. Will it work for me?
what size blades do i need to order?
will this cut thin paper - art tissue which i use for collages
Will this cut recycled paper effectively or will it tear the edges?
How many blades come with this product? Just the one installed? Any extras?
what is the flat part that the paper lies on made of (material)? is it steel, aluminum or plastic?
Does this work on laminated office paper?
Can you see where you are cutting? Or do you need to rely on lining up measurements?
What is the heaviest paper this will cut, one sheet at a time?...I use up to 70 pound photo paper
Can you raise the blade to slide mat board under it, then cut an interior opening in the board? (I realize that the corners might need hand finishing)
How small are the ruler lines on the board itself? I need to cut certain measures off edge of page, for ex: .75 inch off edge, then 3.25 inch, etc
I need to cut a laminated ID badge to fit in a wallet. Do you think it can do this w/o damaging the blade?
How heavy is the CARL 15inch trimmer--I like to travel to scrap booking retreats.
For cardmakers: is it easy to cut A2 dimensions and other sizes?
Does this trimmer come with a scoring blade?
Does it come with centimetres and inches measurements?
is the rail made of metal?
Will this cut glitter paper.
How would you compare this to the Cutterpillar? (which I'm looking to purchase)
Can I lift the blade to see where I'm going to cut? I'm looking to cut around shapes on paper and not necessarily at set sizes.
Will this work will for a 13" Macbook?
What's the footprint?
Will this work for a 17" HP notebook?
Is the gray portion/area of the stand made of soft/tacky rubber/plastic?
Is this compatible with a docking station?
I have a touchscreen netbook only 10 3/4" wide and I wonder if I can type and touch the screen solidly on it.
Anybody have an idea how this item would be suitable with a Sony Vaio Duo 13?
Is this stand portable? Could I bring it with me to/from the library in my backpack?
Saw a review saying it doesn't work with MBP because it doesn't open far enough.. will it work with a late 2013 retina macbook? do they open farther?
How deep is this stand? I'm trying to figure out if my new keyboard and this stand can work on the surface I have - thx
hi can these be used with a laser printer, even though it says specifically for ink jet printers.
Do they smudge if you use an inkjet printer?
Can I print photo's onto these (photo paper quality)?
Are there 20 labels per sheet?
Are they removable?
Are these the size of a quarter?
Would these stick well on glass? I want to print warning labels for container candles...
Can these be used in a laserjet printer?
do these come in gloss as well?
Ia this sharpener corded or does it run on batteries?
Is this battery powered or electric
This sharpener has a 2 year warranty. I have had less than 6 months and it quit working. Who do I contact for a replacement?
does it sharpen evenly
It can work to 220 V?
Is this product made in the United States?
How long is the electric cord
How high is this sharpener?
Can the blade be replaced when dull?
How big is it?
can it be used for a 29" tv
What's the tallest this stand can get?
Would this be sturdy enough to set a CPU on it to keep it off the floor?
what is the length &amp; wiidth??? thank you
will this hold a 32 inch tv?
Will this monitor stand be able to hold a 27" iMac (late-2009)?
Could I buy 2 and stack them on top of each other?
What is the length of this stand? I have a printer that is 17" long that I would like to place on top. It says 16" - so it should work. Just want to confirm that it is 16" in length
can I order more leg parts? I need this to be at least 10 inches tall.
height of stand with one layer of stacks from bottom of gray to top of black?
Are the AC adaptor included in the box?
where to get replacement ribbons?
How do you put in tape?
Does it come with any paper?
what type of paper tape does the Canon MP11DX use?
How big is the calculator?
Are buttons wiggly and loose? Or concise? I hate wiggly buttons!
bought this a month ago and my ribbon gets tangled, doesn't seem to want to click in place any suggestions before I return it
How do I set the time and date?
how to set time and date
The 19" depth is a bit too deep for the surface I need to use it on--will I be able to trim it down?
The product description says "CLEAR", however one comment says the color is smoky grey. Which is it?
what is the size?
would it be possible to use hooks to hang these over cubicle walls?
Would I be able to attach 3M velcro tape to attach this to a cabinet?
We are covering up holes and adhesive marks from previous mailboxes. Is the back solid or mesh, and is the whole back covered?
What is the actual depth at the top and at the bottom of this file holder? Thank you!
Which size command hook is needed to hold this,,,would medium work?
I've read the dimensions, but will legal documents actually fit properly as they are 14" long, and this implies the OUTER dimension/width is 14"?
Hi, can anyone tell me how wide is the bottom as I intend to use for restaurant menu? Thanks
Could this wall file be hung with 3M Command wall hooks?
Can this be mounted on a cement wall?
Would a magnet work on the outside?
Are these forms 2015 forms?
Are these 2013 forms? The image doesn't show that.
Are they compatible with Quickbooks?
can these be used for 2014?
Are these still 2014 forms as of 03/12/15?
Is this a 50 Pack of all red forms?
is the software Mac compatible?
do these come with envelopes?
Can these forms be used with an ink jet printer (HP Office Jet Pro 8600)?
Whar are the 5 parts? Copy A,B,C,1 and 2?
Are these archival quality?
I have a binder with holes 4 1/4 inches apart. What is the actual distance between the holes on the sheet?
which is the exactly size? i need 8.5x11
WOULD THEY BE SUITABLE FOR STAMP COLLECTING
I purchased two boxes of these.The plastic covers on all of the pages are wrinkled and don't lay flat. Is this normal or do I need to exchange them?
does it cause any damage to the picture if I need to readjust after I have sealed it?
what is the measurement between the outside two holes?
If I crop my pictures to fit more on a page and have various sizes and some the size of a silver dollar, will they stay on the page?
So this order just comes with 50 sheets?
acid free?
Does this refill have the number 312 toward the back end? Also mine is 4 1/2" long and some of the descriptions of the LeGrand indicate 5.3".
Is the ink blue or black - item says black but description says blue
I have to replace my refill but cannot find Le Grand refills. Can I use one that doesn't say Le Grand?
Is the refill black (as title states) or blue (as desc states)?
Is it 1 or 2 refills for $9.80? The picture in the ad shows 2 refills.
I need three lines: Received, Date and Company Name. Do you really have to depress the push bar once for each line?
Does this time recorder print on up to 3 copies of carbon copies of paper?
Does it total the hours?
Does it print one line at a time? Or one punch prints time and date?
How many pages can you fit in? We date stack of stapled paper.
will it time stamp a kitchen food order ticket being that they are not hard paper stock? in other words is thermal thin paper going to work with this machine?
Is it quiet? The one that we presently have is VERY noisy.
Does date, time and number automatically change every time you put in a document.
can it print a line of numbers from 4 to 6 digits?
Does it print seconds?
can this fit over a 3" partition?
Will it hold the 14 x 11 legal files?
how thick is the hanger/bar that goes over the wall or door?
What is the height of this, from top hook to third pocket?
Is the hook system one long hook on each side that all three attach to or are the hooks separate to hang 1 or 2 at a time?
Can these wall pockets be mounted separately and directly to a wall, rather than using the hanging "hooks" shown in the photo? Thank you!
Is this 2" stand is stack-able with 1" VuRyser 1 Monitor Riser VUR2455? Thank you!
Are these stackable, to connect to make higher? If so, how many could you safely stack (for a monitor)?
The height measurement in the TECHNICAL DETAILS and the PRODUCT DETAILS are different. Which is correct, 2 inches or 4.5 inches high?
How much clearance is below the shelf?
Can this support a Brother HL-5170DN laser printer which weighs 32 pounds?
are they plastic?
The description with the picture states that it is 11.25 in x 11.25 in. But, the product details give the dimensions as 12x12. So which is it?
What is the height of the space under the stand? Is it possible I store something under it?
Is the rear of the stand open like the front is?
Some high-capacity models make pretty loud snapping sounds when used. I work in a really quiet office, how loud is this stapler?
Does this stapler open at all and if so how
What is the depth of the stapler?
A stapler is only as good as the staples. What are the BEST staples to feed this beastie?
Does it open to staple against a wall
what size staples does it use?
I recently purchased this stapler and loaded it with Swingline SF4 staples. The stapler does not work, do I need special staples?
does the writer also write the numbers and special characters on the MICR line?
Does this machine comes with a cartridge or a ribbon
how do you keep a record of checks printed
Is the ink cartridge in color
can you put the company name on this
Does this machine included the symbol of dollar? or any another symbol? Thanks
Power requirements - battery or AC?
Does this product write in the date?
Does this machine do embossing?
is this model capable to write in black color?
Is this double sided printable?
Is this thick/good enough to use for printing postcards?
Will this work with a laser printer?
Is the paper textured on one side or both?
I am wanting to make a welcome home banner, would this hold up well for that? Is it thick enough? Thanks!
Could this be used for inexpensive (teenager) watercoloring?
Is this a gloss finish paper?
what is the actual weight of this card stock?
Is the entire back of the pocket adhesive?
Would these stay affixed to our cardboard storage boxes and be durable enough for weekly changing of the index cards? Also, are the index cards easy to remove?
Do you think the pockets would be able to hold a stack of 3 index cards?
how many sheet of paper can it hold in the middle
Are these paper or plastic? Would my students be able to write on the cover using washable markers? Thank you!
Do these have a front panel area to stick on a label?
Are these folders as pictured? Do they have a stapled in binding (the white part in the picture)?
Is it easy to put a business card in the card slot.
Description states "non-refillable". If I buy replaceement 2mm leads can I reuse the Mechanical pencil?
How does a "lead holder" differ from any $1 mechanical pencil out there?
What type of lead does this holder come with?
How often do these need to be sharpened? I'm primarily using it for sketch (not detailed line work), and debating between leadholder and mechanical.
does this work on Hp Photosmart 2610?
does it work on HP PSC 1613 All in one printer ?
will the HP94 black cartridge work in the HP PSC 1610 All in one printer. If not which onr will?
What's the expiration date? I'm not sure if that matters but I don't like to buy old cartridges
The expiration date is on the back of the box. What is it?
What is country of origin?
what size are the stamps?
What font are these?
Does the phone have raised or flushed numbers (i.e. can you feel the outline of the numbers on the button)?
does this phone mount on the wall?
how long is the handset cord that it comes with?
Are the numbers big enough for the person to see easily?
Can you program the memory with one number access or do you have to scroll to a number and then select?
Does this phone have caller ID
Does this phone have an ac power cord? the pics do not show one, and i saw an at&amp;t phone at staples today that did not.
Is this made in the United States?
How do you adjust handset volume - rotary volume control, button, something else?
I just received this phone--does it only operate on batteries?
Can this be adjusted to hold a small CPU (10" x 10" x 2.5")?
Can the part attached to the desk be rotated 180 degrees so the knob &amp; support brace face away from the PC when installed horizontally?
how much weight would it take.. if i want to put the CPU horizontally ?
What is the correct replacement ribbon for the Sharp EL 2196BL? Thank you--Church Treasurer
what width of paper does this calculator use
what are the deminsions
Does this calculator use 2-ply tape?
Can you tell me the approximate length of the power cord? And is the end a small 'regular' type plugin or the larger square type plugins? Space issue
What is the method of doing calculations? I want to enter the number as I say it. 12 - 7 = 5
can not get item to load paper or print. shows E error. Anything we might be missing? if not it is getting returned. All adding machines I have ev
Will this plug into an iPad Air with the leather case? Some plugs do not fit.
Does this product need anything else except for the guitar cable to work with garageband?
Can you use this as a converter to output sound as opposed to input? I want to use it to plug into my iPhone and output sound to my Sennheisers.
Has anyone used an acoustic/electric such as the Epiphone AJ-220SCE (Shadow pre-amp) into GarageBand with this cable? Icant get any output from it...
Do you have a suggestion as to what audio interface to get?
does this work for headphones to ipod?
Is this a firm stress ball?
how big is it?
diameter in inches, please?
IS the patented "easy mount" hanging system included?
Can the marker tray be excluded from the assembly?
Is the frame made of metal or wood?
Just verifying the size. Is it 4'x3' or 3'x2'? Title says 4'x3' but technical details says 3'x2'. Thanks!
Can you put .7 lead in the .5 pencil?
Mine did not come with an eraser. The Pentel Mechanical Pencil Eraser Refills, Z31, I ordered are too large. Are these really the correct size?
i want to change the lead but don't see how to do it.
I am looking for a pencil with a sliding metal sleeve when the lead is extended. This looks like it may. Can you confirm if it does, or does not?
Push button on the body of Sharp Kerry always contained clean-out rod inside. Now I bought one and did not find this rod. Defect or changed design?
How can you clear lead jams in the tip of the pencil?
What should I do then? I don't know if I want to buy a completely new pencil if I'm just missing the cap..
Where is this mechanical pencil fully made in?
Is there a companion ballpoint pen that goes with this pencil?
I heard from some people that the newer pentel sharp kerry pencils are cheaper and of lower quality. Is this true?
If you want to insert or remove one in the center, can you do so without all the other papers falling out?
is it magnetic? if so, is it strong enough to hold scissors and such?
Are the pages easily removed and slid back in? I need to change the pages perhaps weekly without tearing.
Stated size is "36 inches" but a lot of answers seem to vary upon actual length vs usable length, etc. Can you tell me how many 8.5" pages easily fit? Will 4 pages fit?
Does it has holes to screw into the wall? I'd avoid using double side tape.
What is the exact length of the strip? Under product dimensions it says 39 inches. Im guessing this is the packaged size?
Can you stick magnets on this, or is it magnetic?
I want to join two of these to make one long rail. Can the edge bumper be removed, and after that's done, can a sheet be held where the rails connect?
Does the double-sided tape work well to hold it up? And will it damage the paint when removed?
Will this hold more than one sheet of (8.5x11) directly overlapping paper per position? Maybe two? What about 3+?
What are the exact dimensions of the (current) mailers? One reviewer a month ago said they're not the size listed, but are actually 8.75" x 11"...?
Will an 8.5x11 piece of cardstock paper fit in these envelopes?
Is there cardboard on both sides (need envelopes for sugarprints)...
What's the max thickness this envelope can carry, comfortably?
What's the max thickness this envelope can carry, comfortably?
Are there any lines for address/return address on the side not pictured (front)? Or is the front completely blank? Thanks!
I am looking to mail photos that are 9" squared. Will this envelope be large enough, meaning it has a little more than 9" as its width?
what's the weight of the paperboard used to make these?
Shipping
How many come in a box?
What is the width of the plastic frame? I have an antique file cabinet and wanted to make sure it would fit in the drawers.
My drawer is 17" ... Could it be filed down to fit?
Will this fit in a drawer that is 16" deep?
My file drawers are 12 1/4" wide and 9 3/8" deep. Will this frame work?
What is the minimum depth. My cabinet drawer is 16" in depth
what are the smallest dimensions?
has anyone successfully used these for legal size files?
what is the absolute widest dimension of that plastic frame, is it truly 12 1/2? My drawer isn't more than 12 5/8 wide.
Can you write on this type of lamination with a dry erase marker and wipe it clean?
After laminating letter sheets, can I cut them and have them stay laminated? Or will they fall apart?
Will this work with the 9" purple cows hot or cold laminator ?
What is the difference between 3 mil and 5 mil? Is it the thickness? How thick are these? I want to laminate cards to put in my wallet.
do these work with fellowes brand laminators?
Do these need a "cardboard carrier" or can they be fed into the laminator without it?
Are these attached on the long side or the short side? What I mean is, which way do you hold them to open them?
do these work on the Duck brand laminator??
what laminating machine do I have to have to use these?
Are the corners rounded or square? Thanks
Do the cards slide in from top or side?
Does this fit European business cards? They're slightly larger taller than American cards, about 2.2 instead of 2 inches.
Can you slide cards in on both sides (front &amp; back)?
How many cards fit into each pocket?
Can you install additional sleeves for more cards and if so, how many more sleves?
What are the overall dimensions for the book... would it fit in an average purse
Can you use this to store credit cards in it?
can it hold credit cards
Where are the A-Z TABS
will it fit credit cards?
Change Stylus? Instead of using a stylus can you just put another ink cartridge in?
Is the barrel metal?
Can you change the stylus to a soft tipped one and is it available ?
can the grip be removed? It looks like it will be to thick to take out of the pocket smoothly for daily use on the go.
Which pen is this... pic 1 or pic 2 ? There is a difference in the size...
what refill do i use to replace the black ink on the q4
How do you switch between black and red
How do you advance the pencil lead?
Do these all come in a (gift) box or are some packaged by Fisher on paperboard card like some of the bullet pens? Made in USA printed on package?
What are the dimensions of the cart for length, width, and height?
How sturdy is this? I want to mount a bench grinder and vice to it, would this be sturdy enough?
What do you want to know about Northern Industrial Tools 3-Shelf, 3-Drawer Work Cart...? Can you get extra drawers
can you buy extra drawer
How much weight can this cart take?
what are the size specs of this cart
Does this phone support two lines of Analog phone lines ?
Does it work on Vonage?
how can i charge it?
Would I be able to connect this product to the computer?
We have a conference room, approx. 30' x 45'. Being technologically challenged, would this phone work for this size AND what is the set up process??
What's the Input Voltage for this model? Does it support 110V~220V?
What is the warranty on this phone?
Can I connect it to PBX and use it as an IP Phone? Can I connect it to my computer and talk via Skype or Facetime?
Will this phone work with a digital (MLX) line from an Avaya Merlin Legend phone system?
Will this phone work with a digital (MLX) line from an Avaya Merlin Legend?
Respectully, you should rename this product from "Project Folders" to "Project Sleeves" as these are not folders by any definition.
Are they clear or colored like your photo? One reviewer's were unexpectedly clear, another said they WERE colors, just dark BAD colors.
They look about half an inch larger than the pages within. Will they fit into letter-sized manila folders in a file cabinet, or will they extrude?
Please advise the outside dimensions of these folders. (I need to insert them into a cabinet organizer with maximum widths of 9".) Thank you.
How many pieces of paper does it hold inside?
Does it have two pockets when you open the folder or is it on the outside?
Does it have inside pocket?
Do these have prongs/fasteners on the inside?
Will this work to keep an exterior french door open so it cannot open or close in the wind?
I have a door that locks from the outside. During business hours, I need to keep it propped open so employees can enter as needed, but I don't want the door opened all the way, just enough to prevent it from closing and locking. I need a stopper that...
I have an 8 inch clearance under my front door. Is it large enough?
Does this work on hardwood floors?
Will this wedge keep a door open enough so the cats can pass through, but strong enough so the bigger dogs can't pass through?
Will this stop a heavy glass door that has hinges which will always keep it closed?
Will this door stop work on a swinging saloon style door? The hinges are NOT a typical door hinge but are cafe pivot - gravity types
Would this work to "lock" an office door (carpeted floor) from the inside? I want to use this to ensure privacy while pumping milk at work.
I know this is made to hold a door open, but will it also keep my outswing doors from swinging wide open (ie: wind) and hitting the side of my house?
Is height 2.1" or 2.5"?
Will this work with a NEC system
Does this phone work with an analog Nortel line?
Will this phone work with Verizon FIOS digital pnone service?
Will this item work with a Mitel IP Phone System?
How can I make this work with Vonage Business solution?
Does this have a display? The item number 2200-16000-001 is known for not having display. the one with display is 2201-16000-001 which i can't find.
Does the power supply work with 220V?
Will this work with a Nortel nortel t7316e?
Can this Polycom be set to auto answer incoming calls?
Does this Polycom 2200-16000-001 phone come with the Power Supply 2200-16020-001 included in the package?
If I ordered the stamp today January 2015 will the date start 2015 and go forward?
you have use for plastic bag date stamp
Can the stamp be personalized? Or does it just say "Received"? We need two lines above the date and one below. Will you guarantee the date starts with 2014 and not any earlier?
how many years is it good for?
Where can I get just the ink pad itself to refill?
is there extra s/w that comes with this unit in additiion to the s/w that comes with the perfection 2480/2580?
Automatic Photo feeder: I bought the Epson 2480 scanner in a limted ewdition with an Automatic Photo feeder several years ago--the feeder is worn out...Can I place this ADF in its place?
Does this feeder work with 3x5 photos or just 4x6 photos?
Compatibility with v500? Has anyone used these together with success?
Could someone measure the badge for me? I was told to order these, but measurements are too small for the cards we put in them.
Can anyone reccomend a printable badge insert that is comaptible with these holders, size wise? The Avery inserts are too large.
Are they reusable?
I need for the badge to be clipped to a lanyard. Does anyone know if this will work with Lanyards?
What Avery Badge will fit into this badge holder. I am looking for a glossy badge, glossy on both sides to print and put in this badge holder.
Will this badge hold 2-3 credit cards or ID cards inside?
Can I apply the magnet on the back?
This item is marked Prime and says it usually ships within 1-3 months. Which is it?
Is the top (where you clip your lanyard) open to put your badge in &amp; the other 3 sides sealed so your badge doesn't slip out?
Will these hold a card that is 3 1/4 x 2? I could only find the outside dimensions of the holder not what size badge they will fit.
Limit on number of installations? If I buy a copy of Filemaker 10 for my desktop PC can I also load the software on my laptop and onto my wife's laptop or do we need to buy separate copies for each of our three computers?
Will this program work on a Mac OS X Lion?
Could I install FMP 10 on a removable data stick so my DB results can be exchanged among computers? How about from Mac OSX to Windows 7?
If I create an FMP10 Data Base on my Mac and also have FMP loaded on a Windows machine, can I easily transfer the DB from one machine to another?
Is this an upgrade price or a new install price? I am thinking of buying a MacBook Air and just want to track sales contacts and do mail/email merges
upgrade from FMP 6? Will FMP 10 upgrade from FMP 6?
Is there any way to print wirelessly?
Is this printer compatable with Apple Mavericks operating system. My husband upgraded a while ago and had to get a new printer. I want to upgrade bu
how do you stop or cancel a print job?
DOES IT ONLY USE BLACK INK
Quality of the print: Do any of you who have used this product think this will suffice my intended usage?
What does the seller mean by the statement "printer power and ethernet only"? Is it or is it not a complete printer? Does this refer to the cords?
I'm thinking of using this to store photos, 4x6 photos. What is the exact INTERIOR width of the drawers. Will a 6" photo fit without being bent?
Will this cabinet hold DVD's in their cases?
how big are the drawers?
The cabinet is described as "walnut," but the photo looks like the cherry version. Can you confirm that the stain is walnut.
Can any of these CD cabinets have the dividers removed so I can use the drawers for regular storage
This item looks and measures different from the one in my machine. Numbers all match. What's up? Has anyone else noticed this but purchased anyway? Did it fit?
what is OEM?
1) Is this product OEM? (2) Is it Made by Brother? (3) Why is price so low?
Why is there a red dot on the lower left corner of the cartridge? Seems re-manufactured. My new, genuine Brother-branded cartridge does not have that.
what is the printing cost per page?
Hi, I am after the 4 toners for the brother MFC9120cn - TN240 toners. Do you have any of these that you are prepared to ship to NZ?
the ad says it is compatible with brother hl-2040, but when i fill out the information fields below , it does not show hl-2040 as an option for this ?
Can it print color copy?
How do you recycle the used cartridge?
are the 5 tn350 brother oem cartridges and are they in a brother box
Is there an answering machine built in? If not,would another answering machine on the same line interfere with receiving faxes (by picking up a call b
ink
Can I used it on a moderm?
If the phone is in use does this machine have the capability to save faxes
I have DSL service only will this work with my system?
does this machine print on plain paper or a paper roll?
can you print a log/report of all the incoming calls? Daily, weekly or monthly?
What kind of ink cartridge does it use?
what toner?
Trying to connect unit to my cable- internet-phone modem with no sucess.Which setting should unit be on and would the same home number work as a fax #
Does it include toner?
Does it print in color?
Network compatability with Mac OS X 10.4.10? Does anyone have any advice?
Has anyone put this on Glass? Want to cover a few windows and use them as Dry Erase boards.
Can these sheets be cut so instead of one 10' long piece I could have 2 5' long pieces?
Is this a white dry erase surface? or is it clear? Meaning if I put this over a black painted wall, will the black be visible or completely covered?
Can this product be removed and re- adhered numerous times? I want to use it as a portable board at school.
Is there anything special that needs to be done to properly mount on a chalkboard? I'm looking to put it over the blackboard in my classroom. Thanks!
I would like to have a portable, roll-able dry erase surface for tabletop roleplaying games -- could this be adhered to, say, a canvas backing?
Will this work on a stainless steel fridge?
Will this stick to paper? I do not want it to peel off once i stick it on.
Will this adhere to smooth wood veneer? And will I be able to remove it damage-free?
What is the size of this? The title say 24in. by 10ft. but the technical details says 24in. by 10in.
does this work with Mac OS?
Does it work with PDF documents? Hello, Does any one knows if this product works with PDF slides?
Receiver Replacement: How do you find a replacement for the receiver if you break it?
does it work with linux?
Does it work with Windows 98? Does this work with Win 98?
Does it work with Presenter View? Does the Logitech 2.4 Ghz Cordless Presenter work with the Presenter View offered in PowerPoint?
So really. 200 plus dollars? Why is this so much better than the $12 version that does the same?
How powerful is the laser: Is that the feeling of most people?
Does this work with Vista? What about vista?
Color of the laser pointer: Could someone tell me the color of the laser pointer of this product?
How many leads are there per pencil?
Are these good to use for 3 graders to use for school?
Does the writing sparkle or just the exterior of the pencils, and do they write in different colors?
Are there refills for the erasers?
can these be used in a spirograph
Are the erasers smudge resistant?
are the leads refillable?
HP
Do these stick well to plastic storage totes? Does heat affect their adhesive? (causing them to fall off)
Are these white/clear or just clear? They show completely clear in the photos but the description mentions the backs are white?
How many business cards will fit in each pocket?
Would these stay affixed to our cardboard storage boxes and hold up to weekly changing of the cards?
Would these stick to fabric? I would like to use them to create a small pocket on tote bags.
will standard business card, 2 x 3 1/2 , slide out?
Smead self adhesive ploy pockets (68123)states that it cost $15.37 each with free shipping but when I order four my total cost it goes up to over $90?
Someone commented on a smaller set that after 2-3 months, the colors faded (even in a closed book). Does anyone have any experience with that?
Do these bleed through paper? I'm wanting a set for my calendar, but can't use Sharpies because they bleed. Hoping these are better.
After the ink dries for a reasonable period of time, is the ink permanent, even if wetted?
Are these good to use for note taking? Yes or No?
Do these need to be stored laying flat?
Are these Triplus pens water-resistant? If I were writing in a drizzle, would they smear all over or would they hold crisp shape?
I am left handed. Do they smear?
Will these bleed through BINDER PAPER?
How good would these work for "adult" coloring? (I'm referring to pages like mandalas, etc.) Thanks!
Is the ink water-based or alcohol-based?
Scrapbooking printer: It sounds like the printer of choice for commercial photographers/graphic artists....but will it meet the needs for a hobbyist?
Is there a fix for the paper feed problem? Since new, have to play with mine 5-10 minutes before it pulls paper. Thx!
streaks: i just starting using this and it's great but i am getting red streaks throughout - any advice?
How would this printer be for quantity printing of greeting cards? Hello, How would this printer do at printing 100-200 5x7 cards on heavy cardstock?
What is the difference? I have gone back and forth but cannot figure out what the difference is between the 2400 and the 1800 - am I just blind?
mac... this printer will work on a mac, right?
how do i print 80cm long prints
can you copy an existing disc graphic and put it onto the new disc to have a back up cd or dvd?
can you sell me the original packaging box. i have to send it for repair, i have throughone the box
can you sell me the original packaging box. i have to send it for repair, i have throughone the box
Cursor control is a TOP concern for me. How well does it work for you?
Will the signal go thru the wall if the reciver is in the attic and mouse in the living room. Not long distance and only sheetrock walls
Most of the reviews are from 2009 and previous. Does this work with most MAC/PC systems in 2014?
Vista: Can I use it with windows vista?
Does the LCD window have back lighting?
Are the buttons on the phone hard plastic, or rubber?
I need a phone indented in back 3x4" x1/4" deep to accommodate mounting plate on wall. Will this work? (Side view very visible.)
Is this a digital phone?
Is this phone really "white" as described or is it really "off white" or "tan-ish" colored? Thanks!
why doesn't it show caller id?
When a call comes in do you have to push a button to answer or just pickup the receiver?
Can I use a headset or plug in a headset to this phone?
Do you need an electrical line for this phone? I don't have a line where I need a phone; used to have a GE battery operated phone.
I don't want Caller ID. Do I have to accept it and pay extra on my phone bill?
does phone have caller id; if not, can anyone recommend?
how to increase volume
Does this phone get power from the phone line or does it need to be connected to an electrical outlet?
How long is the warranty?
Does this phone have speaker function?
Did the planner come with a 2014 weekly calendar (2 pages per week)?
Does this come with any inserts?
Does this have 2014 week on two pages inside?
Does the Domino have a place for paper money?
does it do well on photos?
Is this powered by usb or an ac adapter is required?
Is it possible to scan without closing the lid ?
how many document pages can it scan at one time?
is it windows 8 compatible
i want to buy 50 items. do you have in stock and can you ship by dhl or ups for fast recieve?
Some reviewers saidXtreme Tape sticks ONLY TO ITSELF. Does this mean it works ONLYon items like pipes,cables etc but can't be used for tent repairs??
will it seal a small hole in a metal pipe from the radiator in my car?
Would this tape seal a small hose attached to a water pump in a swamp cooler? It will be submerged in water.
does this tape work on power steering high presure hose
Is this two-in-one pen/pencil? Or is it pen AND pencil? Also, is the box included?
is it 0.5mm?
Does the Parker Jotter accept Parker Gel Pen refills? I know the gel pen refill works in my very old Parker pen. I just want to be sure the Jotter wil
Does this set come with a gift box?
Pencil lead size
What do the numbers count to? What are all the shapes?
Is this one poster with all of this information, or 5 separate posters?
Are the posters laminated?
size of posters?
What shapes are included on the chart?
This product says 200 ct. Is that 200 bags of ear plugs, each containing 2 ear plugs (total plugs = 400), or is it 100 bags each containing 2 plugs?
Are these reusable? Can they be washed?
What is the decibel rating?
What size is the polybag? Do you have a picture
Do you need to be very coordinated to use these? I have MS. It seems you have to go thru a whole procedure to get them in and out.
How can you tell if you need small, med or large? I am a female and have a small face and small frame, if that means anything. I wear a size 4 or 6.
how do you store a pair of ear plugs to keep them clean if they come in a torn up polybags?
How much smaller is LL laser light medium compared to Max 1
Do you need to be very coordinated to use these? I have MS. It seems you have to go thru a whole procedure to get them in and out.
this listing says ships in 1 to 3 months, but also offers Prime Shipping which should arrive in 2 days. Please clarify
What are the dimensions (Width and length) of the interior of each tray? (ie not including handles or tray walls)
What tool(s) are needed to assemble this?
i have this cart and the handle comes apart. am i missing screws to keep the handle attached ?
Weight of cargo capacity?
Do the wheels lock?
Are the assembled dimensions, H 33-1/4, L 45-1/4, W 25-7/8 ?
How deep is the lip on the shelves. Want to know if a beverage cooler door will clear the lip.
How is the height of this thing only 8.5 inches? Looks a lot taller to me.
What is the assembled height? It has to be taller than 8.5 to 9.3 inches.
What are the dimensions? I.e., how big is it -- width, height &amp; depth? Thanks.
looking for fax machine, i can have answer machine on and receive fax the same time ?
manual to see what to do when it when it will not open a in comeing fax
does intellfax 2820 print
Is there a way to fax more than one page at a time? Instead of dialing the number over and over? I tried putting 4 pages in and it said document jam
power surge?
Does this machine include the toner AND drum cartridge? Is it ready to be plugged in and work?
Does this machine have a "deep sleep" where I need to be there to wake it up to accept faxes. That would be a deal breaker.
will it print confirmation of receipt of fax?
Brother IntelliFax 2820 Laser Fax Machine and Copier: Does this fax have speakerphone feature?
All TI manuals can be downloaded from education.ti.com. Since I'm supposed to ask a question: LIke this answer?
can you tell me the part# for the backup battery
does it have the manual?
Does it have the manual?
Is the cork thick enough for staples and push pins?
Can this be cut down? The space I have is just under 8'.
How are these mounted to the wall? What hardware come with it?
what size are the eraser refills?
what battery need to be used?
How narrow a trail will they erase?
does it erase ballpoint pen ink
What erasers are sold by Amazon which fit the Staedtler Battery Operated Eraser?
Does this phone have a power cord? I noticed a power kit being offered.
Is this new, used or Refurb? Can you provide warranty info?
Is this only for the SoundStation or does it come with all of the chords necessary for setup?
whats the upc?
Does it come with microphones?
Do these smudge?
Do these pens have a Fine or Medium point? Are they like the Vpen?
I'm returning to fountain pens after a long absence. Would it be better to start out with this product or head instead for a permanent fountain pen?
I'm interested in learning Spencerian script, and I see one review specifically says these don't work well for that purpose - any recommendations?
Do these pens come in all the different colors that it has on the top of the pens?
are these good for school? Fountain pens fascinate me but im also going into high school in september...
Do you have to refill these
Can these be converted to eye-dropper?
Are these pens water soluable? As in, will they be disrupted by water?
Will these survive a plane flight?
Is the ink color still black, or does the ink vary with the color of the pen?
What is the tip size?
Where is this made from please?
Do these pens smear or glob up????
Is this assortment available in Medium point as well..?
are these really refillable? i can't seem to find color refills here in amazon, only black.
who makes them? made in the USA or China?
Is the color assortment available in ultra fine point /0.33 mm
Are these presentation covers punched or unpunched?
I cannot tell which covers, paper and binders go with these. Could you please guide me to the right products?
Are these letter size, 8.5"x11"?
Can you tell me the thickness in mils? What material are they made of?
can I order them in Blue
Are these pre-punched?
can you customize them?
what material are they? Plastic? Paper? Linen?
Is this product compatible with macbook/smartboard in the classroom?
I am looking for something I can use to project my notes from my computer to a screen where students can copy to their notes. Similar to overhead.
does this visualizer have a vga port?
can I interface one of these to a windows xp computer?
Does this model need a projector to project it onto a screen
what is the maximum height that the camera lens can be above the base?
What is included int the school pack? for example, usb cords, unit-to-unit cables, manuals, batteris, etc?
How many are in a School Pack?
Pricing: Exactly what is the justification for the price?
what are the measurements of this phone
Can I mount this phone on the wall even if I don't have the wired-in wall-mounted jack?
The picture and description show a black phone and mine came as an almond phone. What color is it supposed to be?
is there a warranty on the phone?
Can set this on a table without it accadetily picking up?
What color is it?
Is the cord on the hand set and phone hardwired in or can it be changed?
can you use an answering machine with this phone?
would i be able to print pictures from my iphone 5s if i connect via usb?
Does this printer read a memory card with more then 999 photos on it?
Does this model have an optional Bluetooth accessory? I heard it did in a review but can't seem to find anything more about it?
looking at this for $50. Does it come in orig. box all accessories, manual and power cord? what doesn't it come with from orig box?
Can you edit photo on the printer
Why doesn't this printer work with an Iphone connected directly to the USB port????
Is this model # B351A ? Thanks
Will this work for my Windows 8 PC? And is it wireless?
I would like to know about the sizes of pictures you can print. My old Picture Mate printed two 3x4 inch wallets on a 4x6. can this one?
can you copy the photos from the memory card to a disc on this Printer
can it be used with windows 7?
does it already come with printer cartridges?
Can it be used with Windows 7 ?
Is it compatible with XP computer
Does this Casio replay the equation that you were working on, after it times-out and you turn it back on?
i wana ask which is better for university eng major this one or the 115es ?
Whats the exact name of the battery used for this calculator?
I put 12 in for the quantity and the total was $357 It didn't adjust for the price that you quoted me ($23.61).
What would be the cost of 10 - 15 phones w/shipping?
I would like to buy 12 phones. What is the exact cost plus shipping? How do I do this through your ad? How do I insert $23.61 and the shipping cost? C
I need .75 inch round labels that are exactly the size of a nickel. Are these?
Can these be used with a laser printer?
How well would these work with using pen or sharpie on them?
can these be used for cigar labels?
are these the size for hershey's kisses?
these are smaller than a piece printer paper correct and the printer has to be adjusted to recieve them?
Can these stickers be used to mail a newsletter as I mail out 750.
are these glossy or matte?
I ken alderman would like to order 3 books of joshua code with free shiping can i?
Are they safe to be placed on apples?
Label waste? Is there any label waste when printing labels?
WHAT WIDTHS OF THE PAPER?
Can this print a 4x6 label?
will this work on a imac?
Can I print to the lablewriter 400 from my iPad?
Does it come with the power supply, usb cable, windows, cd-rom???
can you plug your cell phone up to it
Does this phone have a mute button?
can you plug your cell phone up to it
what is non expandable mean?
Can you attach expansion microphones?
Can outgoing calls be made without pushing any buttons?
can it work perfect with 50hz? and can it work with 220v through external adaptor?
Which tablet models of any non-Apple tablet can print to this baby?
Will USB work or charge battery when printer connected or do you need the AC adapter
Can this print on smaller pages than 8x11 and does it work with other thermal paper besides Brother brand?
IS this compatable with the Samsung Tablets and it is wireles? How much does the ink cost? How long is the battery life?
Can this printer be wirelessly connected to an iPad Air (Bluetooth or Wifi ?)
How is the paper quality? Does the thermal paper feel like regular paper or does it feel like a cheap receipt? Does the paper fade over time?
Is this An A4 paper portable printer?
Will this print on index cards?
How does it work without a printer cartridges?
I understand the arms adjust up and down, but do they adjust/swivel inward?
what is the weight capacity?
how wide is the seat?
Can one scan to &amp; from computer?
is it wireless
printer: Any suggestions?
can you enlarge copies with this printer?
Is it compatible with Windows 8?
does everyone one else have problems with paper feeder?
compatible with iMac OSX Version 10.4.7?
How can I get remaufactured ink cartridges to work in my HP 1510 printer
what functions does it perform?
Which buttons do you push to print color on this printer?
is this mac-friendly? Is the printer mac friendly?
XP - 64 bit? Will this printer work with the 64-bit edition of Windows XP?
Saving ink: I know it is impobable, but is there a way to minimize ink usage?
Will HP Color LaserJet 2600n Printer reduce smudging and bleeding? Will the HP Color LaserJet 2600n Printer do the same?
Does the 2600n copy?
How to connect to MacBook Pro? Wireless?
background gray on printed cardstock that didn't used to happen: anyone see this before and if so, any success in repairing the issue?
Ink smearing, smudging and bleeding: Will the HP Color LaserJet 2600n Printer do the same?
Just to verify. Is this the FX-300ES or FX-300ES PLUS? Thank you
can I use it on the ACT?
How can I disable answers in fractions? I want answers in decimals, rather than in fractions.
Does it only work with solar or does it also use batteries
Does it have the 1/x function-- bad picture
Can this calculator do graphs?
Color fidelity: Any chance that the Epson 2400 offers significant improvements from the printer end?
Epson r2400: Has anyone found replacement ink cheaper than Epson but equal in quality?
Does the the Epson R2400 print BLACK text?
Why am I getting a greenish tint when printing B&amp;W prints
Does anyone know if this printer is sold with or can use dye based inks rather than pigment inks and capable of supporting a bulk ink system?
Can it print on CD/DVDs?
how thick of media can it print on
Will the software work on a Mac?
Epson Stylus Photo R1800: Any ideas??
Printing on plain paper: Anyone have experience with this?
can this printer print passport or id photos
BS!! Sold out in ZERO seconds? What a great deal 9.99$$
how fast
Has anyone had problems with this printer, using high capacity SD cards? I did with my older Photosmart printer
can you print on regular card stock
Does this model work with windows 8?
Where can I purchase the optional rechargeable battery?
Does it come with a converter?
What's the exact type of point? 0.5mm? 0.7mm? 0.8mm? or 1.0mm?
Is there a box?
Wouldn't this qualify for pennies as Media Mail Rate, as in 50c for size and under an ounce with disc?
Will a Netflix envelope fit in it? It's okay if you'll need to fold it, but my husband is often out of town on business and needs his DVDs.
Is it blank on front side or does it have pre-marked lines to write addresses?
How much does one of these mailers weigh
How thick are the mailers exactly? Trying to see if my CD case plus the mailer will be under the 1/4 inch limit for letters with USPS. Thanks!
Can a CD Slim-Line Jewel Case fit in this mailer?? It measures 5 1/2" x 4 7/8". Thanks
Can you fit a cd with a paper/see-through window sleeve on it within this?
Does the cardboard have a glossy coating on it? I am planning to stamp onto the cardboard with ink stamps and want to make sure the ink won't smear!
I use the 5.2" x 5.2" with only 2 stamps to mail a CD , and have never had a problem. Will I be able to use these with the same postage charge?
Isn't there a problem with mailing a square shape? Doesn't the post office add a surcharge for square envelopes?
Does it open flat so I can use it to do a bulletin board?
does it take standard staples?
how many sheets can it staple?
What is the throat depth of this stapler?
staple to bulletin board?
how to load and use it
Would I be able to sit a 42" Inch Flat Screen on this?
How many inches width open under the shelf?
Does it have rubber grips on the bottoms?
How does this expand and what are the three adjustable heights?
What is the height from the bottom(a desk) to the top of it's surface?
Is the height of this item really 12 inches?
How much weight can this hold?
At full height, how much clearance is there underneath the shelf?
is it original?
Is this cartridge standard capacity
I HAVE A CANON MX300 IS THIS THE RIGHT CARTRIDGE?
Something messed up here?
I have a Canon Pixma 472. Is this the right cartridge?
Does it fit the Canon MX470? All I see is MP470.
So can the 30, 40 and 50 work in the same printers. I have a Canon MP470
good deal?
I have canon MP 190 , will this black and white work in my printer machine?
I have a Canon MP470 printer. Will the PG-40 work on my printer?
Is this a genuine Canon ink, not OEM?
How is this different from more expensive version?
Does this work for the canon pixma mg2520?
will it work with the MX310 printer?
Problem with the new CL-41 cartridge. Tried everything i.e. cleaning and realigning head to no avail. Color prints faint. Canon PIXMA MP160 printer
&iquest;Whats the difference between the 31 and the 41 models?
Will this work with MX300 ?
Will it work with a MP470?
I don't need this to print photos - is this a good choice for color images/web pages, etc.?
is this a genuine Cannon ink cartridge not a refill
Will the Canon CL-41 cartridge work with machines that accept the Canon CL-241 cartridge?
does this have negative numbers
How durable is this? Keys' ink/paint stay on?? Thanks.
Does the FX-115ES have a memory to save the equation you are working on, if it times-out and turns off?
Is this a graphing calculator? Can I use it for differential equations?
I am looking for a non-graphic calculator that can solve NON definite integrals ( and also non Numerical derivatives ) ? Can this one do what I want ?
Is this a programmable calculator?
matrices
Will this calculator solve for x?
Can this calculate surds and logs?
Exactly What Battery is Used?
would this work for spring-loaded screen door?(just to carry groceries in)
What is exact diameter of sheave? No base, sheave!
how do you mount to the door?
Can I chose brass color
Which finish is being sold, gold or silver? I'm not seeing an option when adding to cart.
Royal 160MX rattles? Is this normal or did mine possibly get damaged during delivery?
What is the maximum amount of time this shredder can run before becoming too hot?
how many amps is the motor?
what is the run time for the 160mx?
What is the width without the mouse pad? Is the mouse pad detachable? My use limits the overall width to 19 1/4" when closed but larger when opened.
How does this tray attach to the desk?
the underside of my desk top has a 3/4 ' thick piece extending beneath it 1.5" across the front. can i install this tray? Another?
What is the length of the screws in which the tray attaches to the underside of the desk? This would help me understand if my desk is thick enough.
I've seen some reviews that say the mouse pad is higher than the keyboard. Is that correct? If so, is there a way to lower it?
Can the tray be pushed all the way in or under the table, out of the way?
IS THAT SHIPPING PRICE CORRECT 3999.99
It states that it "swivels", which I take to mean 'rotates' horizontally, correct?!? If so, could it be stored in a 23" wide space?!? Ty! :)
I'm trying to retrofit a rolltop, and I have 23 3/4 inch width that the keyboard tray needs to fit into. Will this tray work? Specs say 24 inch minimum.
Is the area for the mouse sturdy or does it shake alot?
Is this 3" wide or 3 1-2" wide, you can't tell from the description. Thanks.
Is it washable? How to clean it?
sleeping
Could this be worn in the shower for someone who needs to wear a collar continuously?
Would this be good for use on a flight, as an alternative to airplane pillows?
Hi. Does this come with a cover? And does it close with Velcro? Thank you
I have very bad posture while sleeping. Will this item prevent my chin from going into my neck while I sleep? I can only sleep on my side. TY!
My neck is less than 12" around. Would this fit me?
What are the specifications and dimensions of this collar? Length, width, depth
how big of a neck will it fit ?
compatibility with Mac OSX 10.6.8 ?
can Epson 4490 scan 110/126 negatives? Anyone with this scanner (Epson Perfection 4490 Photo Scanner) tried to scan 110 or 126 negatives?
Can this scan 616 or 116 negatives from the 1940's?
does it turn negatives automaticaly to possitive? or do I need to work on it with photoshop?
will this work with vista home premium?
I have a 120 film negative 11 inches long. will the 4490 scan this negative ?
Can I scan size 120 slides with this scanner?
IS THE EPSON 4490 SCANNER COMPATIBLE WITH WINDOWS 7
Does it have an option to feed in multiple photos for scanning?
Will this scan 12x12 pages?
What is the tape refill number ?? I cannot find a refill for this model !!! Please help
How to print ampersand symbol on a label?
How to print ampersand symbol on a label?
how to print ampersand symbols
Would this cabinet work for storing vhs tapes...I have so many and trying to find a more efficient storage compartment. If not, please give suggestions for other inexpensive products available on Amazon...trying to declutter...but my collection is too...
Would book such as manga fit in these drawres?
Would this cabinet work for storing Magic the Gathering trading cards?
Would these drawers be good for storing nail polish collections, as in would an upright bottle of polish fit into the drawer size?
what is each drawers measurement?
Can the drawers be removed?
What are the dimensions of the bin?
is this product big enough to keep makeup and accessory organized ?
What is the dimensions of the separate drawer?
What is the distance fully extended? I need a reach of more than 15in (15-20) To reach past other monitors already there...?
How far can it titlt down ? Can I attach it to a desk, tilt down, lie on the floor face up and watch it like the stars ?
I need an arm that will mount to the left edge of a desk, extend out about 36", and then rotate 90 degrees to face the chair. Will this do that?
How tall is the clamp capable of spanning? The back of my desk (it's a writing desk) is 5.5" tall.
Would this arm fit under a 9" roll-top of a desk if the monitor is tilted all the way forward with the screen facing the desk surface?
Does the monitor wobble at all when typing? I bought the monoprice 3 way adjustable arm and the wobble is horrible. Even light typing would shake my LG IPS235 23" like crazy.
will this fit on any brand monitor
I have lost the attachment hardware and wanna order an L-wrench set. Any ideas what is the size of the wrench?
How easy is it to change the height of the monitor?
what is the clamp size capability
Does this packet come with the software for Avery labels. If not, how do I get it
Does this packet come with the software for Avery labels. If not, how do I get it
How many inserts come with this? I am not interested in labels.
does this form work with a inkjet printer
Are these form for 2014?
Can anyone confirm these are for 2013?
Are these forms for 2013?
Will this printer copy
I have a 922 that needs to be replaced. Can I just unplug the old one and plug in the new one and be good to go?
When printing my dell photo printer 922 says out of paper when there is paper. what is the problem?
what are the expiration dates on these cartridges?
How many milliliters of ink does this cartridge actually contain?
Called HP, they said they sell two versions: Original, 450 pages, and Economy, 399. Box shown lacks the "65% MORE" message. Is this Economy version?
does this one fit HP officejet 6310xi all in one?
Does this cartridge take the place of the color cartridge? What I mean is can I buy this and nothing else to run my HP Officejet 100 Mobile printer?
How many copies can I do with this cartridge?
what is expiration date???
does it have the old type ring
Do these phones plug into regular home phone jacks?
Does the base weigh enough to stay on a table when the handpiece is in use?
Can you turn the ringer off?
can you put a longer cord on the phone?
does this work with VOIP?
Does this power operate without electrical power?
Does the receiver sit on the cradle properly? Photos look like the receiver is crooked when hung up, like the cord is pulling it off the cradle.
It's a very nice offering. But, I'm interested in the 60's black princess phone. Does the manufacturer produce the princess phone style?
Is the manufacturer of this phone american or foreign?
I'm just looking for power cord I lost mine for my machine know where to get one?
Can this printer print on regular card stock or 4x6 paper
My printer is printing the photos blank. I thought I got a wonky cartridge, so I bought a new one and it's still printing blanks. Ideas?
Windows 8 compatable?
Is it Mac compatable?
do this printer has disney back ground
Someone said to place it on a carpet -- does it work well on a hardwood floor?
Exactly how does it work ??
What do you have to do to keep it open once the sides have been opened?
Can this be used as a stool to stand on? I do speaking engagements and am quite short so I need something to stand on to be seen over the pulpit
What are its dimension 30"x18"x4". Or. ???
What are its dimension 30"x18"x4". Or. ???
Does this footrest fold at the drop of a hat or is there a way to keep it open?
how much does this product weigh?
What is the exact dimension of the footrest when unfolded/ open ?
is this compatible with the MX310?
Does this fit Canon MP470?
Age of Cartrige: Has anyone gone much beyond six months without bad results ??
Does this fit the Canon MX450?
does this have built-in bluetooth? anybody know? my first reviews of this in the store said something about bluetooth, but then another place said "bluetooth capabilities with add-on"--does anybody have it hooked up with bluetooth?
Slide/Negative scanning: Is the MP500 cpable of scanning slides and negatives like some of the Epsons...I have hundreds of slides and B/W negatives( majored in photography) and would like that capability...any accessories available?
Using a 9+yr old PIXMA MP500? How well are all functions working?
My canon MX700 worked fine yesterday, and today it won't even turn on. My computer is plugged into the same outlet, &amp; works fine. Any suggestions??
How do I connect it from my computer to the printer? I don't have any instructions and can't figrue it out!
Put two new LARGE inkwells in my printer and it is still not printing black. On, off, unplug, clean nozzles &amp; check (printed black). Not printing.
B&amp;W Printing: Can this model be adjusted to print only B&amp;W.
Help-Pixma MP 500 Printer: Is there anything I can do to clean this up and not get anymore black lines?
after changing the black ink once, the printing is misaligned, with double-exposure and some gaps. none of the cleaning techniques work. ideas?
Every time I attempt to print a document, a report is printed first listing the file name, directory, template, creation date, etc. How do I get rid
I bought a refilled ink for black and color. neither ink cartridge is recognized by the 450 pixma. what do I do
Scanner: Does this model have a flat bed scanner?
Vista and Pixma MP 800 compatibility: Does anyone have any experience with this issue?
Does it have a card reader
does his scan 35 mm slides? How many at a time?
how do i remove the print head to clean it?
How many extension can i get with this system? I need a minimum of 160 extensions
Does this handle a t1 card?
does it work with windows 7 for programing?
Does this system come with windows 7 software to set up and configure?
Can a telephone on this system be programmed to dial only specific phone numbers?
How many phone stations can be plugged directly into this box?
Would this system be able to prompt callers with a menu, and some of those menu options direct to a prerecorded message and others to the phones?
m interested in buying one and want to know if this version works in Venezuela
i am interested in buying this model for latin america VENEZUELA central telefonica and i want to know if this version works here .
which version of firmware and year of manufacture ??
Is this unit a Canon toner refill or an original Canon 104 product new from Canon
is this the canon 104 cartridge or a generic product
Is the Canon 104 compatible with a Canon mf4150?
We have a Canon Fax/Phone L90 and have used the Canon 104 cartridge in the past but this page now states it won't work?
Does it work with MF 4370dn?
Can it be used for Canon ImageClass d480?
can it be used for canon faxphone l90?
can it be used for Canon imageCLASS D420?
How can I tell if this is a genuine Canon cartridge (made by Canon)?
is this work for cannon mf4890dw?
Scanner isn't recognized on computer?
Can I get the cord that attaches to the laptop from back of printer? there's a short in cord.
How many PPM?
How many pages per mintute?
copier doesnt work
How do I remove 1/2 inch wide black strip right down the center of new copy?
Which ink cartridges does this model use?
Does this carrier sheet work with ScanSnap ix500
Do these carrier sheets work with the ScanSnap S1500?
Which carrier sheets will work with the ScanSnap S1300i?
Does this carrier sheet work with the scansnap s1100i and are the sheets reusable?
Does this carrier sheet work with the ScanSnap S1300i
Is the scanned image automatically cropped to the size of what I scan, not the size of this sheet, even if I use this sheet?
do these carrier sheets work with a document feeder? Do they work with Epson models? Thank you.
will your carrier sheets work with the S510M model??
what is a carrier sheet?
Can I use this printer with usb connection?
would i be able to print from my phone via bluetooth connection?
Does it come with a battery?
Is it compatible with Apple
Does this Printer also scans?
Does this printer work with Win8?
I have an HP 460 (C8150A L) dated 2006 that has stopped working. I have the battery and power cord but need a working printer to print reports from my handheld computer. Can I plug my 802.11g card into your printer and be able to print my reports?...
Anyone know where to download the software for a Mac?
Is this printer compatible with Windows 7? I'm comparing this HP Deskjet 460c with the HP OfficeJet H470.
Is it compatible wih MacOSX? Does the refurbished unit come with quick set instructions? Identify correct ink cartridges, can I buy from you
feeder tray 3310 HP: Reading reviews You mean it doesnt feed paper automatic?
DO YOU KNOW ANY HACKS? To reset is OK &amp; CANCEL at the same time while powering up. This eliminated many error messages for me incl expired cartridges.
why will not my printer print photos?
need to buy c/d to install
Will this printer print on 11 X 17 paper?
Does HP officejet 5610 Works well with Windows Vista ?
can i use 21 ink cartridge for black and white?
color ink cartridge: Can it use the 57 ink cartridge which has 3X as much ink as the 22?
Whats the difference between the ink cartridges 27 and 56?
I'm having difficulty getting the ink cartridges (22, 27) installed, any suggestions would help ? Thanks.
Anyone tried using a Bluetooth adapter on an HP 5610 to print wirelessly?
Will the 5620 run on Windows 7 or 8?
where can I buy the power plug for the printer. I lost it
Does this model still work with Mac OS9 (as did the 5610 I have that now doesn't work)?
HP Officejet 5610 All-in-One: Do you have to have a separate line hooked up to this machine to use the fax function?
I have the hp 3210 and it worked great then all of sudden the program stoped working so I took it to a repair guy and he said that he could not get an up date for the program so it just sits and I can not use it any more is there a way for me to get a...
Scanner? Is there a flat bed scanner?
Does it print on CDs
what ink does it take
is it possible to purchase replacement hinges for this printer?
does it fax
Can I use it without a computer?
How well does the 3210 scan 35mm slides? I'm interested in scanning 35mm slides and saving them ti a CD or DVD?
Is this a genuin HP OEM or a after market cartridge
Is this an OEM not refurb product?
Does this package include all of the colors or just black?
do you ship to France ?
Will this work for the 4700dn (duplexer)?
What is the shelf life of the Q7504A, HP transfer kit?
Just wanted to make sure this was for a hp 4700 color laserjet
is this an original HP product
Is the big one or the small one? I saw it has 2 different capacity.
Is this genuine Canon brand?
Is it compatible with the Canon Pixma MX700
Your tool that say whether it will work with your printer doesn't work! It says this won't with Pixma MX850, but side of box says MX850!
What's the UPC on this item?
paper weight: can this scanner be used with a heavy weight paper?
How well is can you import to Quickbooks? How well is can you import to Quickbooks?
Does the scanner software work on macs? Just am interested to know if the software functions for both OSX and windows?
Can use as a scanner for full page?
THERMAL PAPER: DOES THIS PRODUCT SCAN THERMAL PAPER RECEIPTS WELL?
Can this be used with a laptop?
Can this be used with a laptop?
Is there an ongoing monthly fee to use these scanners?
Does it scan a driver license?
Does this system work with mac? i see that it didn't in 2007
What are the mesurements of this stand?
would this support a 47 in slim flat screen tv? just looking to boost it a bit so my soundbar doesnt block remote signal
Jedis shows a picture (Thank You!) that does not look like the Kensington Monitor Stand on the page I am looking at ?? Can he tell me his model?
Would this work as a keyboard riser instead of a monitor riser too?
i need a tv shelve 8 ton 9 inches high for a 32 inch flat tv
What is the maximum height?
I need to rise the monitor up to 6" I only have about 12" wide and about 10" deep will it work? Do I need to purchase extra parts to get the hieght
What is the minimum height? I am only looking to raise the monitor 2 inches.
What is the width?
Whats the maximum weight it can support?
what is the expiration date of the cartridge?
What is the expiration date? This is in the original manufacturer package, isn't it? Thanks
I would like to purchase this, but would like to know when the expiration date is for this ink.
have french doors to patio that have a 3 1/2" clearance from bottom of door to floor. Is this one long enough?
Does it come with screws for attaching it to the door? If so, are they wood screws?
Is the foot made of soft rubber or hard plastic? Need soft material that "grabs" vinyl flooring.
Can this be used with a hollow metal door?
Are the holes standard? In other words, if I use this to replace door stops than are broken, can I assume that I can use the same holes? Thanks!
can I put this between the screen door and ourside door?
could this item be used as a security method, from an intruder kicking in the door?
ouside use?
My existing door stop has the two holes on top...is the stop reverse able on these door stops?
Does this product work well on carpet?
will it work with win 8
Is this phone works for Mac?
This phone works with Windows 8?
Linksys Cordless Internet Telephony Kit for Skype: Does it conect to the regular phone line too ?
Do you have to have phone service coming into the house like a jack to plug it in,or can you just use your PC for Skype-Out calls.
Where do I get refills for this pen?
Does it include the stylus cap and metal cap? I need both..
Is this pen compatible with iPad 2?
The bubble top on my pen tore- looks like the whole screw-top must be replaced. Anyone know where I can get one?
What is the width/diameter of this pen in mm?
Can it be engraved? If so, how much?
Is the item durable
What is the diameter of the stylus tip? I'm looking for a smaller capacitive stylus tip (maybe 3mm or so), but most are big (5mm or greater). I can't find any dimensions in the description for the stylus tip and was hoping someone could measure it for me.
What is included in the package? Are there extra black and red cartridges or is it just ones that are inside the pen already?
Is the stylus capacitive fiber or rubber?
what is the diameter of the pen and is it a fountain style?
Are there refills for the eraser?
How much is the engraving cost?
Does the stylus work on Kindle Fire?
Chrome pen is pink while pink pen is chrome. Which is which. I want pink for a gift.
Will it be sturdy enough to hold 2 monitors?
is the stand-up workstation already assembled upon arrival?
How easy is it to adjust the desks height? Once it's set, would it be difficult to change daily?
How far off the ground is the keyboard shelf?
Can the mouse tray be attached to either side, or is it exclusively right-handed?
what are the dimension of the keyboard tray with the mouse pulled out to the side?
Can you remove the lower shelf and use the unit with just the top and keyboard shelf?
Are these made of paper? Are they lined with soft material? Do they scratch your discs?
Where do you file these sleeves? Do they fit in CD Storage boxes?
Do jewel case sized booklets fit inside the sleeves?
Are the dimensions listed here the outer dimensions or the inner dimensions?
Approximately how many hanging files would this hold, if each hanging folder were 1/4" thick? Thank you!
Can the lid close with label tabs on the hanging folders?
Does the lid flip back and stay open when you are looking at a file......without you holding it open with your other hand?
What is the actual out depth of this box? I am mainly concerned with the depth of the bottom.
What tpye of hinge does this item have?
Would this box be considered ok for outdoor use? As in if I put it in a shower/rain would water get in the box?
Would this table likely work for a flat bed scanner and a printer?
What are the true dimensions of this table? Is it really 48" length, 24 inch width and 30" height?
How much weight will this table hold safely?
Will this tape stick to rubber?
How thick is the tape. I need 1/8 inch thick.
Can anyone tell me how to remove the plastic covering on the tape. I have used many rolls of mounting in my life, but never clear.
will it work to hold a rug down onto a cement walkway for a few hours of an event?
Hi, if used on walls, will it damage the walls upon removal?
It is double sided, correct?- thanks
Can anyone tell me how to remove the plastic covering on the tape. I have used many rolls of mounting in my life, but never clear.
DO YOU KNOW HOW BIG THE CENTER HOLE IS?
is it thicker than the scotch carpet tape ?
Can anyone tell me if this clear mounting tape also provides an air and water tight seal? The description does not say, so i assume it is not.
Could you write on these to be used on the tops of essential oil bottles?
I'm thinking of using these to color coordinate moving boxes so the movers know where to put each box. Would you recommend these for that purpose?
are these stickers "acid free" (I need to document old photos and need something I can stick on the back of them)?
can you write on them?
Does this item have an expired date on the package?
what is the warranty?
Is it worth replacing the printheads or should I buy a new printer?
Expiration date? Thanks
Does mounting the board require the use of a drill? I can hammer a nail, but I can't use a drill...
Is the cork board able to be mounted in both portrait and landscape positions? Or is the board only able to be mounted in one of those styles?
How is the board mounted? I can't use any nails, pins, screws, or the like...
Are the dimensions (17"x23") accurate and inclusive of the frame? This will be used in a tight space, with no wiggle room on the 17".
How thick is the cork? Can it absorb a normal sized push pin without the pin punching through?
How wide is the frame? What are the dimensions of the cork itself without the frame included?
Can anyone tell me the dimension (Length, Height, or Width) ?
Can anyone tell me the dimension (Length, Height, or Width) ?
Can anyone tell me the dimension (Length, Height, or Width) ?
Can anyone tell me the dimension (Length, Height, or Width) ?
what's the dept that's with the base?
Can it be install on concrete walls?
Is it a pretty forgiving rubber that will provide a fair amount of cushioning? Or is it a hard rubber/plastic that still makes a "bang"? Thanks!
How much does this stick out from the wall? Thanks!
What diameter is this?
Does it has a lithium battery inside? I need to know it for the shipping purposes. Thanks!
Is this model a thermal printer?
The Amazon unit is listed as "Label Manager 450". On the Dymo web site it is listed as " Label Manager 450D". What is difference ?
Does this have an automatic (electric) cutter?
Will this model print bar code labels if using a program on your computer?
Does it work with hp 60 cartridges???
Wondering why has the price of this product increased by 150% in less than a year? (from approx $18 to $45 dollars)
Does this system come with ink? I can't really tell if it does or if it is just a refill system.
HP 122 Black Cartridge: Does the automotic refill system work with HP 122 XL.
is one side of this white so it can be written on?
If I were to put a piece of this tape on two separate objects,would the magnets be attracted to each other? it is for a seam in 2 curtain panels.
is one side of this white so it can be written on?
Is this too strong to attach to a tablet case (i.e. will it effect electronics negatively?)
If I put this on my wall, will it hold my magnets ?
Is this strong enough to hold a small, lightweight plastic feminine product receptacle to a metal restroom partition?
Is this strong enough to hold hair bows w/ metal clips? I bought some @ Michael's but it isn't strong enough.
Is this an ORIGINAL BROTHER CARTRIDGE
I HAVE A BROTHER HL5240 LASER PRINTER WILL THIS WORK
Does laser ink dry up over time? My original lasted 6 yrs, and now says "toner low". At twice the size with the TN580 here, I wonder?
Does the Brother TN-580 toner cartridge have an expiration date?
is it a color cartridge
Is this a genuine new Brother TN-580 or a refilled Brother TN-580 from M &amp; A Global LLC ?
is this from brother or is it after market refiles?
TN 580: Is this original Brother product?
Need to trace 3" letters onto wood
Has anyone used this under their notary seal to make the impression legible in copies and scans?
will this work on denim?
is it good to use in a type writer
Can anyone tell me the dimension (Length, Height, or Width) ?
Can anyone tell me the dimension (Length, Height, or Width) ?
Can anyone tell me the dimension (Length, Height, or Width) ?
Can anyone tell me the dimension (Length, Height, or Width) ?
what's the dept that's with the base?
Can it be install on concrete walls?
Is it a pretty forgiving rubber that will provide a fair amount of cushioning? Or is it a hard rubber/plastic that still makes a "bang"? Thanks!
How much does this stick out from the wall? Thanks!
What diameter is this?
Universal Chip Re-setter for Epson InkJet Cartridge_fits 9-Pin? Does anyone know if this Chip Re-setter actually IS universal?
Will this work for epson stylus sx200 cartridges T012,T014,T015 Thanks
Does this work for an Epson WF2540 ?
Please tell me is it compatible with the E 0811N range of cartridges for the Epson stylus photo TX800FW printer?
does this resetter works on pm T5846 cartridge or is there's one available thanks
Will this work with Epson WF 2650?
Will it work onn wf7520?
Can it be used on the WF-3620
I have an Epson Workforce 7520I will it work with this printer ? THANKS
Does this work for the Epson XP-610?
I ordered the #78 &amp; #15 print cartridges, rec'd today. Color works. Printer gives me an error when trying to use the blk &amp; white cartridge. Now what?
I can not get the cartridges to align
My printer is not recognizing the ink cartridges- red light is blinking. I followed the instructions and it is still not working
Has anyone used this in an old HP 920C inkjet?
Will this cartridge work for HP PSC 750 printer?
will this work for a 940c printer?
I understand this order will include one hp 15 cartridge and one hp 78 cartridge, is this correct?
what's the dimensions of the bottom shelf?
what's the exact dimension of the keyboard desk? does it only fit regular sized keyboard?
What are the dimensions of just the desktop? I am assuming the 37" width includes the sidecar?
What is the depth of the keyboard tray when fully extended? Is it lockable when extended?
what are the dimensions of the tower? would my tower fit? 11-12 inches wide, 2.5-2.75 ft tall and 2 ft deep.
What is the depth of the keyboard tray when it is fully extended? Thanks.
Will the CPU stand work for a mid tower?
Can this desk hold a 42in tv?
Is the side holding the desktop able to be placed on either side of the desk itself?
Will this desk fit a 27", 35 pound all-in-one computer? Do the casters lock?
Would it work well to adhere product labels to round plastic bottles? The label paper does not have enough glue to hold it when wrapped on a bottle.
Will this allow felt cut out to adhere to crochet blanket?
Would this glue work well to glue a burlap strip to cardstock?
Is it good to paste plastic buttons on pins?
Would this glue seal mosaic pieces onto a rock?
drying time
Will this work for felt?
Will I get a permanent bond with glass on glass?
Does it hold fabric to fabric
This scans color photos?
Does it work with windows 8.1?
could this work with windows 7
IS THIS TWAIN COMPATABILE ? THANKS
what comes with this scanner, power supply, software, trays, ect?
Is the center where the brads are black, or is it white like the photo?
Do the holes for the fasteners line up? I've purchased several that don't.
Has anyone used both the oxford and avery brand prong folders? I am trying to figure out which brand is more durable.
Will these work to hold @ 40 pages of Science review for 5th graders to use daily for a 4-week period?
Will this hold 50 sheets of paper?
What are tangs? How are they different from prongs?
What is the thickness and does it have holes and does it absorb the water?
would these be suitable for walking on barefoot and would they hold up to being in an under water application?
Does the mat hold its shape under weight or does it compress ?
I want to use this indoors. To be precise in the shower. Does it smell? Can you walk barefoot on it?
I need a mat for my husband's study. We have manufactured hardwood floors, rolling chair hard on it. If seated in his desk chair, could he roll/move?
do they have straight edge or beveled edge? what is waite time for mats says 1 left?
Are these the full adhesive notes? Or is there only a strip of adhesive at the top?
Is this lined or unlined?
Hello: Does the adhesive strip at the top allow for the notes to be posted horizontally?
Is the adhesive along the 5 inch or the 8 inch side?
What type of implement can students use to write on them and then erase them?
Are these boards magnetic or is there a similar product that is magnetic?
Would these be thin enough for me to use a hole punch to put holes through? I'd like to attach these with a zip tie to dogs cages at an animal shelter
Hi. What is the back of the board made up? Is it the corrogated wood cork board-type material? Thank you!
Are there lines to practice writing?
can you hang these on a wall
Are these boards sturdy for kids to use?
magnetic?
If stickers are placed on board can they be easily removed without residue?
Is there a border or frame on these boards?
How far into the center of the disc do these labels cover? Do the labels cover the entire disk to the center hole?
Those who like these labels, what template are you using? I've tried Word's built-in label and Avery's template. Can't get the circles to align.
Does having this label reduce the life of the DVD, or is it no different if a sharpie were used to write on the DVD directly?
What applicator is needed for these labels?
Can you use a Laserjet (as opposed to the Inkjet specified)?
Is there any problem with layering the labels, or should you remove any previous labels before applying a new one?
Will this software perform with Windows 7, 64 bit processor configuration? When I updated my PC, the stomper software I owned stopped working.
Can I print DVD labels using Microsoft Word 2007
I'm a little confused on how these go on a disc...is it like a sticker?
What are the dimensions of the inner storage area? I'd like to know if it will hold enough art supplies to be useful for my children.
What material is used on the bottom of the desk? I am concerned about heat transfer.
What are the dimensions of the desk?
Is the wood on top sturdy enough to have something engraved on it?
Does this pen include the Z26 piston converter? Thank you.
Is there a box?
Do you know if the nib can be replaced like the Lamy Safary pen and if it is compatible with the Lamy Calligraphy nib?
Is it compatible with Windows 8 64 bit OS?
hp 6840 recognized by laptop but printing just stays in print queue, no reaction/printing from printer. Any insights appreciated.
hp 7525 printer I have time warner road runner router and my own wireless network. it worked fine when first set up,but now it rarely does. Is it the printer or time warner's fault.
is the power cord included
MAC OS10 &amp; 9: does it work well with OS 9 and OS 10 on Macs?
is it a fax an scanner too Thanks
HP 6940 color Inkjet: ink carthridge #s: How many and what numbers?
Can I print from a smartphone?
WHAT PRICE CAN YOU GIVE ME IF I TAKE ALL 19 PRINTERS?
Can you make a copy of your license on this
do the new and refurbished hp 6940 come with a installation disc?
is this printer seriously going for five hundred eighty bucks? I bought one of these 5 years ago for approx. $130.00. I'd like to buy another one, but not at this price!!!!
MSN TV2 compatible? Is this model 6940 compatible with MSN TV2 (as is the older model 6540)?
What does 'packaging may vary' mean?
Does this calculator graph in color?
Does this calculator come with the charger?
Does it come with a USB cable?
hi &#xFF01;i am a a-level student&#xFF0C;can i use it for my test&#xFF1F;
what does it mean packing may vary?
Face Plates: Does this calculator come with just the pink face plate, or does it have the normal colored one as well?
Does the calculator come with a manual?
legal
how to fit legal documents
Can you place manila folders inside the dividers, without the tabs on the manila folders being crushed when the top is closed ?
What is the cover made from?
is the expanding protion poly or cardboard?
Can you list all the pre-printed headings?
Is this product wider at the bottom than it is at the zipper?
Will I be able to put THREE passports in this pouch? Thanks in advance.
So, just want some opinions from you guys who bought it. I'm a waiter. Is this pouch a decent size to keep money in while serving?
Question about size: I was thinking of dropping my tablet (9"x5.25") plus a smaller Kindle in here. Possible? Thanks.
does this item have ametal zipper
Is it mold and mildew resistant?
Is the design on the front gold or silver?
Are they thick or like cardstock?
Hello, I would like to buy the Dark Blue but in Horizontal shape. I didn't find the option when I am ordering to emphasise? I don't want vertical...
Will this hold more than one document? Could you put a photo in the top portion?
Would this hold a smaller type of certificate or diploma?
compatible phone
What is the difference between bundle with lifter and HL 10 bundle?
Im not using a landline, Ill be working on software VOIP. Is this compatble with that?
Is there an adapter that plugs into the phone, allowing it to be wireless? It doesn't really explain it in the description.
I am working with a softphone and a laptop and I want to be mobile (within the headset range of course). Is that possible with the USB connection
we have the Avaya office type phones. Would this item be able to work with that type of phone?
Does this device have a noise reduction feature and does it have mute capabilities
does this Bundle include the in-call indicator
is this compatable with polycom phone system?
Does anyone know if this can be paired w/diff bluetooth receiver? I want to ese someone's work phone that has this with their own receiver.
Are these pencils erasable if you make a mistake? (I am doubting it since they are wax based, but thought I would ask)
Do these pencils require the suggested sharpener, or will any standard electric or manual sharpener do?
Is this a good option for my daughters art class? Or should i go for the 48 pencils case?
What kind of paper is best/recommended to use with these Prismacolor pencils?
Are these good for plain old coloring? I'm not an artist and don't know how to do shading and other techniques but love the idea of so many colors!
What is the difference between these and the regular premiers? I meant clearly 'soft core' but does it really come out softer with use?
Please clarify: Wooden box/case or tin box/case? It states wooden, but when I click on "wooden box", it makes no mention of a wooden box anywhere.
I don't have experience in buying online..so if I want to buy prismacolor ,,,what should I do ?
What's the total weight?
can they be used for shading
are people really only getting 12 boxes for this price? or are they sold in 12 packs of 10?
Dimensions listed are 28.8 x 7.5 x 17.5. Is that 7.5 a misprint? That makes no sense and wouldn't even fit an 8 1/2 x 11 sheet of paper.
Does this have a double bottom?
Where are these made?
Can this item be shipped to Romania?
dimensions?
caller ID references phone book? When someone listed in my phone book calls and caller ID provides the number, does the phone display the name in my phone book?
Useful comparison of Uniden models anywhere: Is there any place to compare all uniden's phnoes in a nice spreadsheet-like format?
Question about forwarding: My question is, if we were to buy this Uniden system, can she answer an incoming call, then if the person wants to leave a voice message for me, transfer the call to my voicemail box?
VOIP: Does anyone know if this system works on VIOP service?
I don't need an answering machine - can it be turned off? (yes, I know it's meant to be an answering machine)
What do in need to look for when says in use?
Does anyone know where I can download the manual for this phone?
my uniden TR9485 will nit receive calls. Any ideas.
can you attach headphones/headset to this phone? I'm on conference calls a lot and need to know if there's a place on the handset you can plug in your headphones/headset?
HOW DOESTHIS UNIT WORK AS A BABY MONITOR? Would this phone system work for that?
Is it a true 2-line phone? When registered to a 2-line base, does the 905 allow you to physically choose either line 1 or line 2 to dial out on?
dialing 1 in the caller id list: Does the 905 work the same way?
Does this support two-lines
Compare the TCX905 to my TCX860? I've established that the new TCX905s are compatible with this 2-year old system, and that it will support two lines... so why is this handset less than half the cost?
Registering to the base: Is this required before it will work with the base?
Does anyone know if the charger base is sturdy? Just bought a panasonic and the bases are so flimsy and cheap and flip over all the time....thanks!
TCX905 - Can it be mounted on the wall? Would like to place a wall mounted phone in the kitchen that is compatible with the TRU9466.
belt clip for tcx905? Does anyone have a link to purchase these belt clips separately?
Uniden tcx905: Can this phone be mounted on the wall?
Uniden TRU9465: I am wondering which of the accessory handsets is compatable the TCX905 or the TCX905 T9 series?
difference betweenTRU9465 and TRU9485? Both say in the desciption 5.8 Ghz &lt;not in the title&gt; anyone know?
does this phone have fax capabilities?
Is this system Bluetooth capable?
What are teh inside dimensions of the drawers - I am especially interested in the height of the items that can be stored inside -?. Thanks!
Is this safe outside in bright sun? Am concerned about UV deterioration -- and short usable life as a result.
Can the drawers be removed easily?
Is this waterproof? I would like to put it outside by the pool with pool towels inside.
Is this lockable?
wall mountable?
is this a good choice for someone hard of hearing?
can you replace the handset cord? or is it hard wired into it?
are batteries required for this phone
Does the ringer have a volume adjustment?
Sound Fidelity: Is this recorder (Sony ICDSX46) good to record the lectures in the class.
Can it be used with Windows 8.1?
recorded file format: Why can't I find out anywhere what file type the thing records in... since it's hard to find I'm assuming it's not mp3?????
Will this work on a Mac? Is this recorder and its software Mac compatible?
Can you hear recordings straight from the unit? Can you hear what you've recorded straight from the unit or can you only hear it once you've downloaded to the computer?
Will this CD Label Maker allow you to save it as a PDF file?
Anybody tried this on Mac Mavericks? Does it work?
Can I print out the artwork with full color on CD, DVD?
does it work out of the box on windows 8 and a inkjet printer?
I have windows 7 64 bit os, will this product work on my machine??
Does this kits software disc have templetes for DVD black case inserts along with the DVD label?
Will it work with Windows 8.1?
does it work out of the box on windows 8 and a inkjet printer?
Will this open and print .std files?
does it make dvd case covers
Will a laptop on a docking station fit?
The 2 front brackets can be moved in &amp; out, but can they go up &amp; down? I'm worried that they will stick up making it difficult to type on the laptop.
Can this be used to hold an 8.5 lb. monitor so I can attach it to a mounting arm?(The monitor doesn't have mounting holes)
Can I use this with a 17 Inch Laptop? I already have the arm mount.
I have a cooling pad that is 20 inches wide, 14 inches deep, and 1 inch tall. Would I be able to securely place it with my laptop on top of this tray?
Does this item come with an arm mount? Do you need an arm mount?
Can this be mounted to the wall?
Is this big enough for an HP Pavilion dv6700 laptop?
Can I use this together with the Ergotron LX Desk Mount LCD Arm (45-295-026)? If so, is the 45-289-026 Mounting Extension the only add'l accessory I need?
Will this work with non ergotron mounts?
Is there a place for a pen?
I store my clipboard in my backpack which has several heavy books in it. Would this clipboard crack or bend under that weight?
Is this really 12 inches or is it closer to 12 1/2? Thanks
Can you attach magnets to this clipboard?
Can you hang these on a wall?
Hello. I need to know the height of the arm of these chairs from the floor? We need them to push underneath card tables in our community center.
Is this chair easy to assemble?
What is the weight capacity on these?
I'm shorter 5" what is the lowest seat-height adjustment?
are the arms removable?
What is the seat depth?
Is the wheel base metal, or plastic?
Are the casters hard or soft?
Does this foam board have a glossy or matte appearance? I want it for a photo backdrop and don't want any glare.
Is this weather proof material will it take moisture or heat?
I this product appropriate for mounting photos?
Can the surface painted by water-based latex paint? Will the paper surface wrinkles when it dried?
Is the surface paper or plastic?
Is CFC-free the same as acid free foamboard? I need it for photo application.
Is this pad legal or college ruled? I have the same pad that I am wanting to buy more of - same number - 59882 - but mine says college ruled
How many pads come in the box?
Is there a cover on the pad?
DOES IT DRY CLEAR/TRANSPARENT?
Is there a glue brush attached to the lid, like in the "olden days"?
Is this the same as the rubber cement used in plugging car tires?
Does it work between sponge and cloth? If so, how well does it work?
is this glue the same as coupons sent in the mail, which the glue can be removed by simply rolling it off?
Would it be work to glue cut outs on a wedding car without damage to the paint?
I am putting new golf grips on my golf clubs and have been told that rubber cement holds great and cleans up easily. Is this true?
Is it good for shoe repairs?
what is the drying time?
water proof rubber cement: Would that be correct?
What is the height range?
How well does the back on this adjust? Would you recommend it to someone who needs good back support?
We are trying to put his chair together, there is a black plastic sleeve, about 3 inches long and 1.5 inches in diameter. What is it for? k
Cannot find the printer driver online, not listed. How to get the drive to installed? Plug into PC, the name recognized is wrong, so driver is N/A.
Which model of cartridge? Can anyone tell me which model of cartridge this uses?
Is there any way to have compatibility with Linux and make the unit wifi?
Help! Can't install MF3240 on new computer w/8.1 and 64 bits. Downloaded driver didn't work. Computer thinks unknown device 3200. No driver for that.
does it have a automatic feeder tray to scan or copy stuff, or do I have to manually open the top cover? Does it have W7 64 bit drivers?
is this printer mac compatable?
Does this printer print color?
Network Capability? Does this have network capability?
Automatic Document Feeder: Does this printer have an Automatic Document Feeder so you can copy multiple pages with a push of a button?
When will it ship? What's the deal with this printer?
Fax/Phone auto-switch problem.... Anyone know hoow to fix this?
MP 830 v. MP 780: Can anyone help with salient differences between them?
Ink cartridge life: What cartridge life might I expect from the 830?
Voltage: Does this printer work with 220v?
MP 830 vs 800: Does the 830 model come with all of the same photo features that the 800 or 800R does, like scanning negatives, etc?
Is this also a fax machine
Cartridge Problem: Does anyone know how to override these error messages?
MP830 vs. MP530: Does anyone know the main differences between the Canon PIXMA MP830 and the MP530?
Legal Size Scanning? Can anyone tell me if this machine can scan legal size documents without the use of the stitching software?
Does this work with Windows 8? Thanks.
Once the text is scanned into computer can you do word searches from that text?
Does it recognize? Red or blue character on white background,. Words with underlining or highlighting?
Is it portable? Looks like there is a cord attached to it. Can you take it anywhere?
what if the words in the book are underlined and may block some of the letters?
Can it scan math equations?
How does the multilingual scanner differ from the cpen3.0 handheld scanner for scanning and OCR which Amazon also sells for $2 less?
Hello, Will this Product act as Keyboard input from the command prompt ? I am using an application which needs User input from keyboard.
Can you use this if you're left handed?
Will this work with data entry for MS-ACCESS or MS-EXCEL?
wall mount???
mute button: Is it on just the handset or in the base too?
How to use base speakerphone? Any clues?
Digital Answering Machine / Maybe not? Is that correct?
Call Volume: Is this a problem with other models as well?
Digital Answering Machine / Maybe not? Is that correct?
I cannot be heard well when someone calls me on this phone: Does anyone know how to fix this ?
I am looking for a rigid sleeve to display various production documents. Will a standard 8.5 X 11 sheet fit in these sleeves. Thanks Mike
Are these sleeves made out of polyester (i.e. mylar or melinex by Dupont) or a plastic made from polyvinyl chloride (i.e. a plastic with pvc)?
Are these protective sleeves (top loaders) archival?
How good? Are Brother MFD considered to be the best made for under $500.00?
is it wireless?
Is this model a color printer as well?
Is the automatic document feeder for the scanner as well, or just for the copier/printer?
Does this product have an automatic document feeder for scanning?
Is photo quality good on both laser and inkjet rinters?
Is this heavy enough (or too heavy) to use for postcards?
Is this card stock made from recycled or post-consumer materials?
Would this work to print out playing cards? (deck of cards) Thanks!
Could I rubber stamp on this card stock?
Will this feed through a Laser Printer? Thanks
Is it okay for glue? I am gluing recipes onto card stock for a recipe box. Will it stand up to white glue without curving, dimpling?
is it acid and lignen free?
Does this paper have any sheen or gloss? Looking for matte..
What is the gsm (grams / meter squared) ratio? For instance, you can see on the front that it is 199 on this Neenah product: http://www.amazon.com/Nee
What is the country of manufacture?
Does it come in a fine point tip?
I want a Townsend Blk. Laquer-gold plated that can switch uses to a gel rollerball refill, a gel yellow document marker and a black porous point gel?
does it come with a box? Becuase this is a gift.
does it come with a box? Becuase this is a gift.
Are any of your gold-filled pens made in the USA? The reviews I found indicate that the 18k pen is made from China and the quality suffers.
Cross pens: Does this cross pen come with Free Engraving ?
Does the product indicates if it is made in the U.S.A. or China?
What is the difference between this and the Century Classic ??
Do you do engraving?
Is this pen made in USA
The item says it is white but the description says it is sky blue - what color is it?
What is the length of this strip - and can it only be attached by screws - or would a velcro tape work? - Thank you
Could you place matchbox cars on the strips and will they hold?
I am looking to place this on a wall that has a slight curve...Is it somewhat flexible (like a ruler) that it could me mounted with a curve?
Is it 3 inches by 3 inches ?
Will kids' cars stick to it? (Like matchbox cars)
Is this just a piece of metal that magnets can stick to, or is this an actual magnet? I want to stick knives to it, will it hold them?
will it self-stick to metal (like the backside of a bathroom cabinet mirror without hardware to mount it? thanks
can one print on both sides of this paper
which is the weight of this photo paper? &iquest;Cual es el gramaje de este papel?
is kodak 8209017 acid free?
Can I ise this paper with a laser printer using toner?
V750 vs. V700 - what are the differences? I think a lot of people would like to know what the extra $250 or so gets you - anyone know?
What version of Silverfast comes with the v750? Amazon's page says Ai 6, but Epson's site says SE 8.
Registration of 6x6 negs in Epson V750: Am I missing something or is this a common problem?
Epson Perfection V500 vs. V700? V500: 3.4 Dmax V700: 4.0 Dmax Is the extra Dmax worth paying double the price?
where can i buy replacement film holders???? Now she's going crazy but can't find where to buy them--anyone have a suggestion/link?
Will the included software work with a MacPro running OS 10.6.8?
Can the 700 or 750 scan microfiche? Does anyone think these are worth me trying?
It says it's output port is USB. Is that 2 or 3? And is the USB the only port? Lightening, Firewire 400 or 800?
I want to create "proof sheets" of side-by-side 35 mm negative strips scanned to a single 8 1/2 x 11 sheet. How many strips can you scan together?
Does anyone from the dental community use this scanner? Looking for a scanner to scan X-rays and photos.
do you need a land line
Where can I get a replacement battery for the headset? And what would it be called?
Can this be used in an office setting hooked up to a desk phone? Or does it require a cell phone?
Can this be use a noise-cancelling headset on the airplane?
Can this be charged without the base (ex. USB from laptop or USB car charger)? Can the headset be paired for music from other source such as YouTube?
I set up my new headset but I can hear people but they cannot hear me. What did I do wrong?
Would this cancel out the noise of a dog barking when I am talking?
Can this system be plugged into an iPad to use in foreign language interactive study?
X-rays: Anyone have any advice?
Does anyone know how to update driver for Mountain Lion. Epson seems to have stopped updating their software and recommends Apple's ICA
Will this scanner be able to scan my 2-1/4" x 2-1/4" slides? And if so, will I have to take them out of their glass/metal frames?
does the v700 have individual settings for scanning the different slide stocks (e.g., ektachrome, kodachrome, provia, velvia, etc)?
Does the lid of this scanner open all the way and lay back dwon so I can scan the pages of a very old book?
What Mac OS's is it compatible with?
What is the largest image size this product can scan in one pass?
Does the medium format holder run the full length, so 10" or 25.4cm? I am wondering if I can scan 6x24 cm (4 frames) of 120 medium format film.
Does anyone use the V700 with Windows 8.1? If so, have you noticed any problems?
How many 35mm slides can be scanned at once?
Mac Compatible ? Does anyone know if this product work with Mac OS X ?
Does it work on MacBook Air systems? because when I plugged it didn't work. The only thing works with me is the laser !
I have lost the USB receiver for my targus presentation remote. Can I purchase another USB receiver?
Does it work on windows 8 systems?
Does it work with windows 7? Work with windows 7?
does this have twain driver
Can this scan multiple pages into one pdf AND multiple pages in the feeder to individual pdfs?
can I scan medical insurance cards?
I manage rental property and have many store receipts that I would like to scan in and store electronically. Is this the best choice for that task?
Is it compatible with Windows 7 and Windows 8
Does this have one touch copy? I would like to be able to copy without having to go to the computer.
Can I use the ADF for photos? I'd like to be able to put in multiple photos rather than feed them in one by one.
Will this work with a Mac?
IS THIS TWAIN COMPATABILE ? THANKS
Does this scan to a thumbdrive or other USB devices?
6310 - Black Line only when using the auto loader: Has anyone else had the problem when a thin black line appears on any document/picture that is scanned in via the autoloader on top?
does this printer work with a laptop and if so what port cords does it use
What ink cartridge and model number does this printer need?
what is the ink cartidge does this printer use
this is ink jet not laser jet, right?
Does this printer had a hard drive that needs to be scrubbed upon disposal of the printer?
Can I use printer from IPad? Don't have computer
Why does this model (from what i've seen) experience frequent carriage jam issues?
Where do I load 4x6 photo paper?
Is this item Windows 7 compatible?
TIME PER SLIDE ?
Is the programme for the primefilm 3600u compatible with windows 7?
windows 8
Is is compatible with Windows 8?
Are these sticky on the top? Buying so students can make posters to hang in room and I'd rather not make them tape it...
does this 3 hole punch paper fit the easels with white board that has 2 studs?
rolled
What is the paper weight?
Use with Vista? Will this work out of the box with Vista?
what year was this printer made?
Will this scanner run on windows 7?
Will this printer work with an Apple Powerbook G4 10.4.11? Thank you.
is the 4315 wireless
scan to pdf: Will this machine do it?
Does any one know how to change the date on the fax machine?
Is this a back or rear paper feed printer? thank you! Louise Atkinson
Crazy price! Are they joking?
Hotspots requiring web based authentication are not supported: Does this mean that I need to open my home and office network and keep it free for every bypasser to use just to allow this phone to work?
Regarding the Netgear wifi phone If using my home wifi network will I have to... key in the password every time I use the phone?
battery life: Does anybody know stanby/talk time of the phone?
Questions questions questions: Will it automatically connect to my work and home networks without re-entering access details?
Hotspots requiring authentication. Is there any way around it?
I want a more recent alternative to this product. A voip phone that works over wifi that I can take anywhere to stay connected. Any suggestions?
will you really be able to talk anywhere? Please forgive my technical ignorance, but is there really that much unsecured wireless stuff out there to make this worth while, or would I be just be paying $250 for a cordless phone that I can use in my...
Wired ethernet adapter? Does anyone know if this comes with a wired adapter for ethernet access, or if one will be sold separately?
SkypeIn: Will it receive calls as skypein calls?
Could you slide this down over your keyboard to make notations on documents?
How long are the legs?
Does this fold flat for easy storage?
hi would you be able to supply 400 dh630 ???
how many volts?
will it work for 10mil pouch?
Can it take 5 mi laminate
Can it take 5mi laminate full sheet 8 x11
what year was it made?
royal antique typewriter?
is it electronic in anyway?
Is it usable besides the capita letters off. like can I use it to type a paper for my teacher?
1. Is the body of this typewriter metal or plastic, and what is the carrying case made of?
does it come with a ribbon?
can you dial into the phone and retrive mesages ?
Does it have DSL capability ?
Is there a battery back-up?
Can you turn the volume COMPLETELY OFF?
Can you mute / turn off the ring of a one call at a time? Specifically, you have the ring turned on. You can't pick up, but you need to mute the ring.
Does this phone have a lighted LCD READOUT?
Does it have speed dial?
Are you able to listen to incoming voice messages?
KX-TS620W..Need corded wall hanging phone that does not need electrical plug in. One answer said yes and another said no. Help?
I am looking for corded phone with caller id that does not require electrical outlet, batteries only. Could this be the one?
Can I use these sheets with a laser printer to create forms or is there a better product for this use?
I need to simulate the GMAT experience of using dry erase sheets as scratch paper. Would I be able to use these sheets or must I stick them somewhere
Would these sheets work as a shopping list to take to the store?
Where are these made?
How well does the adhesive backing hold up against drywall texture? (Are additional adhesive mounting squares or something similar recommended?) Thx!
Does these sheets have any thickness in them? I am asking because walls in my room are not as smooth as a white board.
Can you write on these with vis a vis wet erase markers? (That way it doesn't rub off except with a damp cloth or wet wipe)
Will theses sheets stick to metal? I know they are not magnetic
Is the sheet magnetic?
do they come with a marker and eraser
is this phone voip compatible - also - do you sell additional cordless handsets - please provide asin for them and price
In order to use the cordless, do you need the base?
how to change the settings on the cordless handset
Does the tg4500b have a night mode?
How long of a range does this phone have?
what is the differance between the KX-TG4500 and the KX-TG4500B?
Are these blocks compatible with the Learning Resources pattern cards that are sold in another set?
How many of each shape is in a set of 250 wooden pattern blocks?
Does this pack come with the pattern book?
Hi ,does anyone know the thickness of each block? I am wondering if these have 1 or just 0.5 cams thick. Thanks
What shapes are included?
Does anyone know where these are made?
where are these pattern blocks made?
How many stickers per pack?
How big are these?
are these embossed?
The picture of the design cards doesn't show much detail. Are they all abstract designs or are some pictures of things?
What is the age range advertised on this toy?
okay for a two year old?
Are all of the pattern cards printed with color or are some just outlined ?
How many pattern pieces come with this kit?
Does this include 2 sided B&amp;W patterns to challenge user to reproduce the pattern with the colored plastic shapes?
I was wondering if the size of these blocks is appropriate for a 2 yr. old? Also, are these the same size blocks as the 250 piece bucket for sale by Learning Resources? I was planning on buying the extra bucket as long as they fit the cards...
What is the thickness of the blocks? Some blocks are 1/2 cm and some are 1 cm. Want to make sure I order the correct thickness! Thanks
Do folders and notebooks fit inside the slots? It looks like a tight fit even for paper?
Can a basic pocket folder fit into the slots easily?
Does the paper go landscape (11" size is facing out)? Or portrait (8.5" size is facing out)?
Can these be stacked?
Is there a way to label each compartment, like with the wooden counterparts? BuffaloGal
Does this hold 12x12 scrabook paper?
Do you think it could be used as a puzzle rack to hold puzzles?
Can this be used as a classroom mailbox? (adults, not children, would be placing the mail into the slots)
will this hold 12 x 12 scrapbooking sheets
I received this product, put it together, and it is missing a shelf. How can I get a replacement shelf?
What is the size of the bears?
How many bears come in this set?
Does this set work with the Three Bear Learning Pattern Cards?
what's the weight of the bears in each size?
Wierd Question but do they float?
I have dual 24" monitors, will there be enough room to fit them on the desktop?
What are the dimensions of the lower of the 2 upper shelves, and what is the height of the keyboard drawer?
23 inch monitor will fit?
I want a unit to put into a corner that is ( looking at the unit from the front ) 29" on the left side, 47" on the right. Will it fit?
We have the desk and really like it. Sadly we recently moved and the movers snapped the back upright panel in half. Replacement parts????
will the shelfs above fit a kodak esp office 2150 printer ?
How many monitors can It support?
I have a mid sized comupter tower that it 19.5" tall and 20.5" deep. Will this fit on the lower shelf under the desk?
When placed in a corner, do the sides of the desk sit flush with the wall.
Are there any issues fitting a chair underneath the desk in order to do homework? Just wondering if the bottom shelf gets in the way of a chair
Is the item durable?
What was it that you disliked about this cash box? Was it secure?
In the picture, there are four bins for coins. Would these bins hold dollar bills? I need bins for $1, $5, $10, and $20 denominations. Thank you!
I'm curious how many keys come with it? I'm hoping 2...???
can the small slots fit regular bills?
Is it Fireproof?
What are the dimensions of just the inner cash tray?
does the organiser have phone line connections?
How much storage does this have? Can the information on it be backed up on one's computer? Is there a backlight on the device?
what kind of battery does this use?
How many alarms can you store in it? Can you have an alarm for every appointment?
Can it take verbal commands or type from speech?
does this password lock?
How many line display
Can I store 50-100 passwords?
can you program a list of personal phone numbers in it ?
I just received this today.The sleeve indicates it comes with a notebook as well as 3 other books but I do not find it. Is it possible it wasnt sent?
Do I need to buy pages (refills) for this or does it come with them?
is this a 6-hole binder?
The sleeve around the datebook cover indicates this comes with a note pad but it was not enclosed when I received it. Anyone get the note pad?
Where is this product manufactured?
Does anyone know if each section is open at the bottom or closed? I hate when papers fall under each section.
Would this file be good for storing pre-printed labels on 8 1/2" x 11" paper, not force sheets into slots&amp;prevent paper edges any dents &amp; damages?
How many sheets does this file hold?
Will it hold a manilla folder with papers in it?
Is the bottom of this file collapsable? (I plan to store it on its side in a small drawer)
This Model Versus 8866 Model? Anyone know the difference btwn this and the 8866?
Different ring tones for different lines? Basically, I want line one to ring with one ringtone, and line two to ring with another . . . is this possible?
What is new with this model?? Any one know the difference between this and tru9465?
Is the paper thick enough to write on both sides of the page? What weight is the paper?
Is this 5 or 4 inch ruled?
Are the pages perforated?
Would this be ideal for drawing in as a routine sketchbook or pad?
Are the grid lines very dark? Do they make it hard to write in the notebook?
Is the cover material leather?
Will the binding for this notebook flip all the way around? Or does it have to be open flat to use it?
HP Printer Compatible with Windows Vista: Does anyone have a recommendation?
How can I get a manual to tell me how the use the HP Deskjet F380 and a CD, since mine is borrowed.
I was given a Deskjet F380, used. I have the CD, butt can't install the printer on my Dell with Windows 7. I bought the Dell new 3 years ago.
I was given a Deskjet F380, used. I hacv the CD bit can't install the printer on my Dell with Windows 7. I bought the Del new 3 years ago.
I was given a Deskjet F380, used. I hacv the CD bit can't install the printer on my Dell with Windows 7. I bought the Del new 3 years ago.
I was given a Deskjet F380, used. I hacv the CD bit can't install the printer on my Dell with Windows 7. I bought the Del new 3 years ago.
im looking fo a startup disk for a f380 printer
exact price of hp deskjet f380 all in one scanner,printer,copier
why does it print garble
How to print w/black ink only if color is empty
Cost per page: Is there a resource to identify the cost per average page, black and white vs. color?
Will this work with Windows Vista?
did anybody that bought a c3180 printer have problems with the ink leaking
does this model work with windows 7
My printer automatically runs a blank sheet every time I turn it on and stops it half way. It does this every time-how do I fix it??
Is this Printer compatible with Apple computer?
can i print photos from my computer
HP 2540 deskjet printer
Can you use Premium Cardstock with this printer???
Does the printer come with the software CD?
I purchased the back support cushion and want a good seat cushion.What one do u recommend? I sit in winteralot and weight 200.Chair is lazyboy .
my lower back sacural (back area and butt) needs cushion for office &amp; travel, I'm 5'7 130lbs woman
What is the difference between this seat and the ultra?
do you have the Obus Forme by Conair Ultra Forme Ergonomic Orthopedic Seat in blue or grey?
The dimensions appear to be incorrect on the orbus orthodpedic seat. Iis it really 18" deep?.
How wide is it? My seat has "wings" and it's only aboug 11" wide in the seat part.
I purchased the back support cushion and want a good seat cushion.What one do u recommend? I sit in winteralot and weight 200.Chair is lazyboy .
my lower back sacural (back area and butt) needs cushion for office &amp; travel, I'm 5'7 130lbs woman
What is the difference between this seat and the ultra?
do you have the Obus Forme by Conair Ultra Forme Ergonomic Orthopedic Seat in blue or grey?
The dimensions appear to be incorrect on the orbus orthodpedic seat. Iis it really 18" deep?.
How wide is it? My seat has "wings" and it's only aboug 11" wide in the seat part.
Good for left-handed?
Is there an ink converter for sale that fits this pen?
Does this pen take a ink converter? Does this pen have any type of warranty?
Hello, I need 24 pens in differents colors, are they the same price???, and can you send to Guatemala city? and how much it is in regular delivery
Is the name Chris on all pens, or can it be changed?
Loaded cartridge correctly. Won't write. What do I do now?
is the adapter included?
Is the nib Ultra-Fine (0.5mm), Extra-Fine (0.7mm) or F, M, B, etc. Is it good for sketching?
Will this work for lefties? Or is it right-hand only?
i need to use for height only did anyone find it increased the height of the monitor much
How does the stand connect to the monitor?
What are the actual dimensions (width &amp; depth) of the stand's base?
Say I want to turn my monitor to face left or right how easy does the whole thing turn?
How high will the center of my monitor be from my desk when raising it to the highest using this stand?
I have a 24 inch monitor, how low can it go?
will it hold a 15" lcd tv monitor?
At its lowest setting, what is the distance between the bottom edge of the monitor and the surface the stand is sitting on?
Will this accommodate a 27" monitor that measures 26" x 16"?
Does this stand attach to your desk with screws or just sit balanced, no attachment needed?
Are these boxes strong enough to carry/move books?
12 pack means 12 boxes and 12 lids or 6 boxes with lids?
Can you store the files in hanging folders? I mean, will the hanging folders hang on the lip of the box, like in a filing cabinet?
What do they mean by frustration-free packaging vs. standard packaging?
can I PLEASE buy lids only? Thanks
Do these boxes have a double bottom or a middle seam?
Will these boxes easily store Record LPs and are they strong enough for that weight?
Is this box 12" wide exactly, with lid on? I have a cabinet that is 24" wide inside and need to know if two will fit.
Do these boxed come with the manilla folders as shown?
The barstool measure 29in high. Does that height go to the top of the seat cushion or just to where the wood ends?
Do the nails show on the foot rest?
The height of my bar is 47 inches. What size bar stools do I need. I really like these but I think they are to short.
I have a 36 or 37 inch height kitchen counter/bar will a 29 inch stool work?
I have purchased these in cappuccino in the past. Is that color still available?
Does the chair stay in place when you swivel, or does it move back to the original position?
What are the seat width?
What type of wood? What is the weight capacity?
What is the measurement from the floor to the top of the back rest?
what are the dimensions of the package on delivery?
how high is the seat from the floor?
HELP! What size to order -- counter is 34.5" high. I am inclined to get the 24." How high is your counter and what size did you order?
Is the cappuccino finish dark enough to match a black table?
- What are the dimensions of this item?
what is the weight limet?
Is the price marked for pair or just one bar stool?
Handset wall-mountable? Does anyone know if the base for the handset can be mounted on the wall and has anyone tried it?
does this come with a handset or do i have to buy them all?
expansion phones: Are the available expansion phones "True" 2-line phones, in that you can choose which line to dial out with?
When is this phone available? Any idea when this phone is supposed to be available?
Will this fold back on itself, like a spiral, or will it only lay flat?
Are the six rings lined up equally, or three towards the top and then three towards the bottom? I wish to purchase a six hole punch.
can I order a-z tabs also.
I need black. How can I request that?
My cover broke away from spine. It fits inside a special cloth cover for our club &amp; is a tight fit. I need to know the size of this cover. My cover is 4 1/2 x 7 1/4.
How much does the binder alone weigh, without paper or tabs?
What is the diameter of the rings?
does it have tabs?
Does it come with paper? How many sheets?
Can you get alphabet tab dividers that work with this memo book--either Mead or another brand?
how do you put in new leads?
Does this smudge?
Why a dollar more for black?
How many inches high is it?
Is the height of this stand adjustable?
What are the length of the three edges of the triangle? The Product Dimensions dose not make sense. (I would need the long edge to be at least 20 inch
Will the corner stand fit a 17.5 inch keyboard underneath since this has "legs"?
Does it require to assemble the "legs"? Or it comes already assembled as one ready to use piece?
How deep is this unit? I need to fit it in a tight space and am wondering, from the long side to the point, how deep is it? I have 10.5" to work with.
Has anyone tried using this as a small laptop stand (about 9x13")? Wondering if it would be sturdy enough. The rectangular ones don't fit my space.
Does this stand come in black as well as the silver tone?
I have 2 standard size monitors and very limited desk space with a corner in the center. Would this type of stand hold 2 monitors?
Can someone tell me if my laptop dock (which is 16.5" wide) will fit between the front posts?
is this compatable with windows 7
Does this work on Macs?
Is it compatable with Macbook Pro with retina displey
Can you program buttons?
Will this pointer show up on an LCD or other TV type screen?
The Wireless piece seems to draw power but doesn't work with the pointer. They look just like the picture how do I connect the devices?
Do you have to have wireless internet for this to work?
Is the clicker audible or silent? Audible clicks are distracting.
Does it work with Presenter View? Does the Kensington 33374 Wireless Presenter work with presenter view with dual screen?
will this work with an android kitkat 4.4 tablet
does this work with canon pixma mx310 series?
Could anyone tell me how long a shelf life these have?
Is this for Canon MP470 Printer?
is it useable on cannon pixma1700
will these work for Pixma mp190?
does it work for Pixma iP1700?
does this work with pixma mp190 series
does this product work in canon MP-250?
is this compatible for printer MX452 ?
cardstock
Anyone having situations where the color is printing terribly. Very frustrating. I do the regular cleaning etc with no results. What's going on?
this item doesn't have cable? ( there is note that said there is no cable in the box ) then how can I connect this printer to computer? can i use wifi
Does this have a copy function?
Is it compatible with Windows 95?
What is the dimension of the C88 printer without the trays extended/attached. I have limited space. Is it the same as my old C86 (18x9.5x7.5in)?
Does this printer come with ink cartridges, or do I need to order separate?
Is the ink this printer uses waterproof?
Does anyone know if this printer is compatible with Windows 8.1?
Can you print envelopes?
Does this come with the power supply?
1) what are the dimesionsofthis scale? (2) Does this weigh in both grams &amp;ounces?
Will the scale display grams in 1 gram increments or less?
will the power supply for the ultraship55 that i knocked off the table and broke work with this one....?
Will it be accurate to 1 oz, 2 oz in the kitchen?
It says it comes with a free adapter. If it's not the power adapter, what is it? Thanks
Is it compatible with stamps.com software?
Does anyone else have a problem with using a power supply? My unit won't turn on with the power supply in.
does this scale stay on while you fill a container, or does it shut off after 3 or 4 seconds?
This product is black color, Right?
What is the age range/weight limit? My daughter is 4yrs old and very tiny. She's just under 30 lbs.
How big are the chairs? (Dimension from ground to top of SEAT please.... to compare to child's leg size!)
Measurement of the table please?
How easily does this clean up? My 2 year old daughter isn't so accurate with crayons and colored pencils and I wouldn't want the table stained...
The thumbnail image shows a much deeper shade of chair colors than the image in the full listing. Which color is accurate: very pale or deeper shades
What is the weigh limit on the chairs?
i understand the paint chips easily. I just purchased this set, what do you recommend applying to prevent chips?
what is it made from
what is the size and weight of the box?
what is it made of.....wood???
Does this one have a Black keyboard background or a silver one on what is delivered by Amazon?
Calculators vs. Spreadsheets
The Picture is of a 12 C Platinum and this is what I searched for. The description and the details are for a HPC 12 C (not Platinum) which is it?
Does this the one-battery version?
The model displayed here is it the HP cPAE? And, does it have the same great manual as the 12C?
Does this product come with the carrying case?
do all hp 12c calculators have cash flow analysis?
What is the highest and the lowest seat height adjustment
Can it be used without the armrests.. I'd be using it for a guitar stool
Can I lock the wheel?
I built this chair according to the instructions (or rather, very vague pictorials), and it has about a 5-10 degree angle in it. How do I remove this?
How do I get this ordered in Black?
how big is the seat?
What is the seat height range, lowest to highest?
what is the Seat Height
When I sit in the chair, it will not roll freely across a hardwood floor. Is this by design?
can this machine just count coins and keep a total if we are not filling tubes
How is it powered?
does it come with any wrappers ?
Will the anit-jam feature also spit out foreign coins or one dollar coins? My current machine just gets jammed if one of these are in it. Thank u!
If you have occasional $1 coins are they bypassed somewhere or do they hang up inside the sorter?
This counter Works only with dollar coins and also with Other Currencies Other countries?
does it come with any wrappers ?
How big is this device?
the question is will this machine do the final wrap so the rolls look like professionally wrapped? im not sure how. could you explain?
Hi, I need to know how to professionally sort and wrap coins into coin rolls. So if I buy this, how do i put the coins into coin wrappers? will this m
What are the dimensions when the cart is opened?
Does the lid actually attach to the cart when folded
Is there n option for two crates on one roller?
Does the lid come off when items are in cart, or does it snap to front, or elsewhere?
What is the dimension of the wheels?
When opened as a crate, what are the dimensions? Thanks.
What is the height when unfolded? It has to be higher than 4.5".
Can the cart be shipped?
could a sewing machine fit in this?
Does the cart have rails for hanging folders?
CONFUSED: dimensions in the description says "20.25 wide by 11.5 deep" but then in the Product Details it says "15 x 4.5 x 11.2 inches"? Which is it?
Will this allow an Xbox 360 S underneath and an Xbox one on top with good ventilation?
what is the voltage of the item?
What are the dimensions?
can I get a replacement basket?
Compost Shredder: Will this serve my purpose of shredding newspaper as well as cardboard which has been seperated?
does it shred staples and paper clips?
will this work on cell phones ?
When people ask about "radiation levels" for cell phones or wifi, do they really mean EMF measurable by this device? Or do I need something different to measure other potentially-harmful signals around me?
How good or accurate would this be for measuring the amount of EMF coming from my home wi-fi router??
Does this do cell phone readings.
What is the height from the floor to the bottom of the file section. Thanks
what's the dimensions?
I want to use it as storage not for hanging files...does the top section have a base?
Two questions... What are the casters made of? And do the hanging file folders move smoothly?
Description says "Product Dimensions: 24 x 13.2 x 27.5 inches". Which dimension is the length???
Can you tell me if the height of 27.5 includes the casters? My desk height is 28 inches so I don't really have much room. Thank you in advance.
Can you turn the files and have two rows of files side-by-side instead of one long row of files?
What is the total height of this?
Do the wheels lock?
Approximately how many hanging file folders will this hold?
where does one find the instructions for this mechanical pencil?
Some people say that since the tip is retractable it can become wobbly while writing. Anybody else have this problem?
I don't see the eraser.,.. How easy is it to expose it? Can you leave the eraser exposed? I typically always do that...
Is this mechanical pencil comfortable when used to write for long periods of time? Thanks in advance for any answers.
i have heard good things on this, now i want to know the bad please enlighten me?
are you able to change the reading on the pencil by twisting it? and does this mean you are able to put in a HB, 2B, and 2H, and switch them at will?
Does this pencil come with pencil lead inside of it?
Can you keep this pencil in your pocket?
Does GraphGear 1000 advance lead _while_ you write without clicking etc?
What does H, 2H, 2B mean? These numbers are shown when you rotate the bottom half of the pencil.
Can it be hung so that it is taller and narrower? (opposite of the way pictured)
Is the magnetic board strong enough to hold small pieces of metal that aren't themselves magnetic?
Can you use chalk markers on this?
Is it magnetic?
What is the dimensions? It says that it is 2' x 3', but in the technical details, it says it is 39.2" wide. My space is only 36.5".
In the photo, the marker tray appears flat, so pens will easily roll off. Is it actually flat or cradle-shaped?
Does this board have the little lines to make writing easier and straighter?
Is the marker tray attached? Detachable?
Can someone comment on ghosting for this board? I have read some pretty tough comments... thank you in advance!
I want to mount this on a wall that has a couple outlets on it, so the board would be covering them, will it fit over the outlet covers?
Are the construction and materials such that the board would survive in an outdoor classroom beneath an overhead shelter, but open all around?
Is this safe to mount on drywall? Does it come with the appropriate hardward for drywall?
Does the marker tray extend the entire 96" length of the board?
Do you sell JUST the mounting system? If not, what kind do you use?
is this 48" x 96" or 4' x 6', as stated above?
Is there room to add a label anywhere?
Do the trays slide in and out?
will the feet scratch a wood table?
My bars are just hollow and the screws have nothing to screw into... Am I missing something?
installation
What are the window location dimensions?
do they have the poly film in the windows?
What are the actual window dimentions?
have any of the envelopes been removed from the box or all 500 there?
Does anyone know the difference between the Quality Park Reveal-N-Seal vs Ready Seal business envelopes?
Are these envelopes heat resistant? I need to print on them with a laserjet printer without the windows melting.
are these best for checks or invoices?
Are these the refills manufactured by ZebraPen? Several of the reviews indicate t hey are not.
Erasers: How many erasers come with the order?
Erasers: How many erasers come with the order?
When open, does the lid slide all the way down so that I could roll this completely under my desk? Or does it always stick up like in the picture?
It came assembled .?
Is it possible to use with legal size folders?
Is it tall enough to use standing?
I purchased the Lorell Mobile Standard File with Lock and one of the dual wheel casters broke. Can I get a replacemment.
could you use the top of this as a work table if the lid was in use? I need a narrow rolling work table to organize papers on.
Is this metal or plastic?
Is the height adjustable at all?
Where can I find replacement wheels?
hp photosmart D7360: Can either of these printers handle cardstock and how do the colors turn out?
does HP D7360 have sepia, antique and other options to print photos?
I have the D7360 Can I connect to cloud printing?
the printer is saying ink system failed what is the solution
Turning on HP printers: Why is the HP printer turned on each time before use?
Is this product compatible with the Vertical SBX IP phone system?
What accessories does it come with ? Does it come with a power adaptor and phone cable jacks ?
Does it have a jack for a tape recorder?
is thisvwhat to get when you have two or three people needing to hear a meeting?
We have Polycom VVX 300 Phones and Vonage system. Will this conference phone work with these?
Does this require a dedicated phone line like other Polycom models? Are there any Polycom models that can handle a 2-line phone line?
Will this phone work with Avaya IP Office, not IP but digital?
Can I use this phone in Mexico?
Is the connection between the power supply and the console just a standard ethernet cable (POE)?
can you attach additional microphones to this phone?
Does it work with Windows 8?
Is them compadible with MS Exchange?
Has anyone installed on PC with Windows 8.1 operating system? If so any problems?
Can the software be installed on multiple computers and then share the same scanner by plugging it in to the local machine when needed?
I have 5 executives that I assit. Can I scan into each executives Microsoft contacts or do I have to scan into mine and then transfer to theirs?
Is this product compatible with windows 8?
Does this scanner do double sided cards?
Is the software compatibile with Microsoft outlook 2013?
does it work with windows 7
How do you fasten the belt after you tighten it? Is it suitable to use as a weight lifting belt also? Is the adjusting strap nylon?
a 32 inch waist what size truss?
do i measure hips or waist
what staples do I need to buy to use with this stapler
does it open for bulletin board stapling
can it be used on bulletin boards
Is there a way to keep the staple from tearing through the top sheet of paper? It is useless to me if the top of the staple cuts through the paper.
When the stapler ran out of staples and I replaced them trying three kinds of standard staples including Swingline it refuses to feed.?
Is the housing made of metal?
Is the stapler very loud?
Where is this stapler made? What country?
Does this use the PaperPro 1901 staples?
It won't staple. I loaded the staples multiple times and it will not staple the paper.
What is the delivery time if shipped to Chicago?
would this work to insulate my greenhous
Is this bubble wrap perforated?
How do you package this product in a bag or in a box? If it is shipped in a box, what size box will arrive? What are the dimentions?
4x8 cm or inches? you can send to mexico?
would this fit a nailpolish bottle?
Is this a 25 pack?
Are these a good size for shipping video games?
Could this fit a CD?
will a ring box fit inside?
how thick is the envelope without anything in it? is it under 1/4 inch?
What would be the postage needed for this envelope? Within the US? Weight is negligible. Shipping a keychain.
Can you fit a pair of shorts into this?
Do these envelopes have lines on outside for writing addresses?
How many ounces does each envelope weigh?
Is the entire order(50 envelopes) packed in one large box? What dimension of box will I expect to receive? and weight? Thanks.
Any complaints of the package ripping? I hope to be able to send a puzzle in these.
would these work for mailing LP records
shipping price
How many envelopes are in an order?
What is the top tray for?.
Can I print just black?
Can it be connected to wifi?
Brother MFC 240C 4 IN 1: DOES THIS PRINTER USE INK CARTRIGES AS WELL AS THE HP PRINTERS?
can i print quality pictures
all of my color in works fine but my black ink has horizontal lines in it how can i fix this problem? Thanks in advance.
how to connect the MFC 240 C printer to my loptop HP dm4.?
does the paper feed?
Self-Cleaning? What is this self-cleaning issue all about?
how thick is the bubble
Are there 200 or 50 mailers in this? The title says 50 but the description says 200
Are they kraft paper on outside or plastic?
To mail via USPS as a LETTER size (cheaper rate) the max width they allow is 6.25 inches. Is this really only 6 inches wide because some say it's 6.5?
will these hold cd's?
What are the inside measurements?
Are these suitable for mailing paper back books
Can this envelope handle a 6 x 9 x 1 book?
just confirming 100 come in a case?
Can you hand write mailing addresses on the envelop itself?
Would this be a good size to mail DVDs in cases? How long to received in NY?
I am in Southern California. How fast can I get an order of (2) of these delivered if I order today with either standard or expedited shipping ?
Could anyone comment about whether the 8.5 measurement is the inside dimension, meaning a piece of cardboard that is 8.5 x 11 would fit inside flatly?
How much does one weigh? And would it fit a box that is 5.1 L x 3.2 W x 4.5 H inches?
One responder said that the interior is white and another said that it is silver. Does anyone know which is correct? Thanks.
Could I print on this with a laser printer, or is it too thick?
can i mail an 8 inch cookie without it being all broken
Is the inside/lining on these white poly mailers silver or white?
Are these mailers opaque? I sometimes mail gift cards and its possible to make out the contents with my currently kraft mailer.
Does any one know what the difference is between a #2 and a #5 envelope? If it is weight, which one weighs more? If its durability, same question?
Who is the manufacturer of this envelope?
What is the thickness of the bubble wrap? Is it 3/16 or?
Would these handle a standard hardcover book about 9.5x6.5x1.5" . Someone noted that sharp corners could be problem... would kraft paper be better? thx, JG
Can these be used to mail cd's?
What are the INSIDE measurements?
Can these be used to ship dvd's in? I bought some mailers a few weeks ago and the size was 6x9 with no bubbles and they would not fit.
Do I need a computer in order to use this phone?
Does this phone work with skype now? Some of the reviews from 2010 mention that it does not.
does this work with xbox one?
When the phone is plugged into the PC, does it ring when someone calls ?
does it work with windows 8.1, and also does the keypad work? Can you key in an extension number?
Will this work with Microsoft Lync?
does it work like a regular phone
does this phone work with magic jack?
Is it possible to install this phone on Windows 7 64bit?
I currently have a Philips VOIP841 PC-Free DECT 6.0 Wireles IP Phone. The hand set needs to be replaced. My quest is can i buy the Phillips VOIP 08?
Will these work with icon prox with usb connection?
Is this badge compatible with perform time clock pt100?
Will these work with the ICON RTC100 2.0?
Are these cards compatible with ICON SB100 PRO?
Are these cards compatible with the Paychex branded PST 1000 clock?
How does the proximity badge entry minimize buddy punching?
Are the badges numbered in sequential order?
Does this work with DOORKING MODEL 300 CARD READERS?
Does this card will work with FingerTec TA200 Plus? Also can it be re-use if employee quit or no longer with company?
are these printable
What is the warranty of the caller ID?
I need to change batteries and cannot open battery compartment. It will not slide open.
Will in work on Canadian land lines?
What is the character size of the incoming phone number?
how to set up with separate answering machine
how does it connect with a phone?
Do you need to have the telephone company caller ID to make the device work?
reset
Will the device remember the call waiting ID? My present unit only displays call waiting ID while the call is coming in - can't review later.
I live overseas. Does it need an adapter for Middle East electric current?
Is this book 14 inches wide (horizontal format) or 14 inches tall (vertical format)?
Can the pages be removed one at a time
How many pages does this sketchbook have?
Which toner cartridge works for this fax machine?
Will this printer handle faxing legal size papers? Will the receiving tray hold the papers that go through? my HP just dumps them in the floor
How long is the manufacturer's warranty?
Can this machine send faxes via the computer, or is it only manual feed?
I need a good fax for home use something that is trouble free.how would you rate this one
WE are having problems with the FAX that it won't receive calls automatically; only when we pick it up manually. Any ideas what else we can do?
If using a land line approximately how many pages per minute should we expect to be able to send?
what to do when machine will send but won't receive?
Can this be opened to copy a page from a book, or do you have to send the pages through the feeder?
I don't have a land line. Is it possible to connect this fax machine to a modem, laptop or network?
Will this sharpen eye makeup pencils that are 1/2 inch in diameter?
Where is this made?
I have a 1 centimeter diameter pencil - is the hole on this sharpener large enough?
Will this sharpen Crayola large crayons? I cannot find anything to sharpen these with!
Will this sharpen the fat crayons and the triangular crayons?
does the wire attach to the box so that you can lock it to a fence? I'm looking for something big enough to store a garage clicker outside building.
Noticed multiple comments about the odor/smell in the interior. Most people didn't mention that, so I'm wondering how big a deal that really is.
What is this made of please?
will S&amp;W M&amp;P 9c fit in this?
is this big enough for some cash and a passport?
So, I got the box, but the keys are locked inside. Ideas?
how many keys come with this?
is it fire proof?
Will this safe fit a passport inside?
is the ruler calibrated for millimeters as well as inches?
How many pieces of regular printer paper do you think you can cut at once on this trimmer?
Any experience using it to cut laminated materials? Thx.
Does this hold the paper down in a secure position? If not, how secure is it by manually holding it down? (1 paper at a time)
Can the Laser compartment swing out of the way to allow for larger paper (to cut it using 2 steps)?
What is the cutting arm made of?
Im using this for cutting fabric (Cotton) will that work?
Does this product cut mat board?
Can you replace the blade on this?
Does anyone know if it will cut .015 or .020 gauge aluminum?
How does the scoring work?
does it cut 12 inches
Will it cut pictures? I have some wallet size pictures I want to cut evenly
Is there a hidden line (perforation) blade available?
How does this do with laminated paper?
Can this trimmer trim 0.025mm thickness vinyl film?
We have a laminated film that we need to have score one layer to be able to create a peel corner so customers can peel away will this work?
Do you ship to Indonesia? how much does it cost?
I have a 'Westcott Titanium' Paper Trimmer with 3 rotary replacement wheel cutters. I require replacements, where can I buy them?
is this the Westcott folding paper trimmer? Does is fold up into a 12" long triangular shape?
Is the side table adjustable to be placed on the right side of the desk (as opposed to left side as shown)
How far does the desk tilt? Will it tilt any farther down? Is it a comfortable tilt say if I had a book on it reading and sitting in my recliner
Ok I just have one question. Why is the new price way cheaper than the used? Seriously why is the used almost 1000.00 dollars?
Are you happy with the build quality and sturdiness of the product?
How sturdy is the table? does it go up/down easily and hold it in a position?
Can the coasters on the small side table be removed and use it as a flat surface to write on notepad?
What is the width of the table? What is the sectional width? Can I have a 15in laptop and mouse on the main section and have a notepad on the small1?
Does the little side table tilt too?
Do the wheels lock?
Will it go low enough to fit under a 29 inch desk?
Can I use my home phone number? Or dose it need a seperate number?
Does it have a USB Port and cable to connect to a laptop with Windows 7?
does it have a USB port and cable to link to a laptop with Windows 7?
does it use plain paper for receiving faxes?
will this fax work with verizon fios?
Does it use an ink cartridge
how many sheets does it hold at one time?
will this work with a usb v92 modem?
Does it work with 220 volt 50 HZ?
are cartridges expensive and does it fil to send all pages
Do you guys feel that the pencil has positively or negatively affected your hand writing?
Do they come with 4h, 2h and hb lead as shown in the picture?
what lead size do they need
Are they made in Germany?
does it come with the pencil holder shown in the picture?
Are these meal or plastic?
Question regarding contents... For the life of me I can't find this information on the page; what widths are included in the pack?
According to a few reviews it sounds as though the two horizontal shelves have an open back. It does not appear that way in the picture. Which is it?
I know the spacing between the six upper slots is slightly over 2", but can anyone provide the vertical spacing dimensions for the two lower slots?
Would this have the strength to hold 8 fully loaded binders (1.5 inch ring, 2" across the spine), which tend to fall over if set on a shelf? Thanks.
Does anyone know if it can fit in an Ikea Expedite wall unit cube? I believe it is just a bit too big.
What are the measurements?
what is the dimensions of this product?
Would the 3255BL onyx mesh Desk organizer fit on top of the 5213BL onyx mesh file cart?
whaat is height of upper file divider section
what are the real dimensions? is it 11.5 Wide or 13.25 Wide? You reversed them on the 5V/3H organizer.
Wanting to know if anyone has used this in an exterior application? Removed BedRug in my truck and need to replace Velcro to reinstall in new truck.
anyone use these on leather? (I need to close a broken leather purse)
Does this box contain both sticky back hook tape and the mating sticky back loop tape?
Would this work for sticking curtains to the window wall?
Does this Velcro product stick to materials such as nylon and tulle?
Would this be good to attach to a paper and then attach that paper to flannel fabric to display those papers.
Can anyone tell me how tall the base is (1/2" maybe?)? I need to find out how tall the whole thing will be WITH BINDERS IN IT to see if it will fit...
Are the mesh dividers removable?
is this one piece? or we have to assemble?
is this one piece? or we have to assemble?
Does this one have the same depth and height as the 8 slots model? I need to put them side by side make it total 13 slots.
what is the dimension of each slot? Will it accommodate a book 2.75 inch thick?
what is the dimension of each slot? Will it accommodate a book 2.75 inch thick?
I need something to keep all my notebooks organized in my F150. Could I mount a few of these on the dash for convenience??
is this one piece? or we have to assemble?
Does this one have the same depth and height as the 5 slots model? I need to put them side by side..
Does this one have the same depth and height as the 5 slots model? I need to put them side by side make it total 13 slots.
What are overall dimensions?
what are the dimensions when open?
How tall is this stool?
does the bottom have rubber or some type of skid resistant material that keeps it from sliding around on a hardwood floor?
Is there some kind of pattern on the top? If so, what is it? Is all the rest of the product simple white?
Has anyone used this stool in their shower? I would like to use it for shaving my legs in the shower.
Do you think this would work instead of an expensive 9" high toilet stool (i.e. Squatty Potty or easyGopro)?
1) Does this fold easily? Can it fold with one hand? (2) Can the stickers be removed easily? (Nothing worse than having pieces of sticker stay on)
Can it be folded with one hand?
Does this have a logo or brand name on it? I do not like logos thank you.
Would it hold up in a shower?
HP 50G or TI89: Any thoughts?
Does anyone know if there is compatibility with HP41C programs? My old 41C died... sob...
Programmable ?
Has anyone been able to check it for software/firmware updates via the HP connectivity software on either a Win7 or Win8 computer? Neither of my computers will recognize the calculator.
how do you setup the connectivity software
Can I import my HP48 equations and formulas into the HP50G?
Hoy does The hp50g ranking as a financial calculator?
I recently bought one of these, but it came without the pouch, is it normal?
My old HP 48 has a "swap" button to swap a value in the stack. Does the new HP 50 contain the same "swap" button?
includes a liner ?
The cabinet is locked, clear button is being slid down, combo is entered but the knob just turns and doesn't open the door any advice?
I'm looking to use this to store a couple Android tablets. What are the interior dimensions of the box? Will the lock get in the way?
If the combo is lost, can it be reset?
Does this unit come with the 60 key tags? It does not specify that
does a key come with the combination lock
Is it possible to run a cable through the pre-drilled holes in order to lock the box to a post? We do not have a wall to mount the box to.
I am locked out of it, it's mounted to wall. correct PW not working. Advice on breaking in while mounted on wall?
Are the keys prelabeled with numbers or can you create your own labels?
Does this key box mount IN the drywall, between studs; or does it just screw onto the surface of the drywall?
How secure is this key safe from tools?
I have forgotten my code. Is there a way to get into the box without the code?
how do you mount to a flat surface? is there a recommended bonding agent if i want to adhere it to a metal door frame?
How many user combinations can it hold at once?
Can I put multiple codes for different people
I bought, Kidde AccessPoint 001413 Key Safe, just put it on door recently with help of a friend, dialed in code, worked once &amp; never again. Please help
Once a renter has the combination, can they just as easily change the code and then you won't be able to open the box?
how do you adhere this to a flat surface WITHOUT using screws? i was hoping to use an adhesive or epoxy for a metal door frame. THANK YOU!
Is the box big enough for both a key and a remote key fob?
how do you reset combination
can you use two phones at once on the same skype account? and, can you use a skype usb phone at the same time?
Wi-Fi access for Belkin: Does this mean that, for example, it could not be used at Starbucks via T-mobile?
Question about use??? Does anyone know if this one will have the option to talk in public wifi zones?
Home computer phone usage: May I use the Belkin from my home computer,using dsl?
China: Can you use the Belkin in China?
Can this be used to repair a crack in a fiberglass shower stall floor?
what color is it/ can it be tinted almond color?
how long does this take to dry? I've mixed it 50/50 and applied it. What now? thanks
can this being used for repair crack in metal or wood
Could this temporarily fix a sliding glass door? I need a 3 week fix for a "star crack", about a foot long at the longest point with a deep crater
will this work on plastic
i need an almond color, does it come with tint
Will this work to glue together a broken resin statue
Will this work on porcelain tub?
Can I use it to fill a rock hole in vinyl siding on house?
Duplex black text: How is the quality of the duplex with black text?
Turning off the ink gauge: Anyone remember this or have information on this?
Refilling ink at home? Can the MP530 ink be refilled at home with standard ink refill kits?
My gripes with the Canon MP530 - anyone else? I already started a discussion on the faulty ink cartridges, but since then have come across other major problems... anyone else have this many issues?
Does the software of this device support duplex scanning?
Does the software include any OCR software? Does the software include Optical Character Recognition software?
Warranty: Which is it?
Copies come out with black streaks even after replacing PGBK 5 cartridge: Anyone else had this problem and been able to resolve it?
chip or no chip? What are chips, and do I need them?
My printer won't stop clicking! Is there a way to turn that off?
Is this a ink jet printer?
this may be a silly question, but can this print documents?
Can i just use blutooth to send a picture to print? Like from a iphone?
PIXMA iP6700D has no power?
Why I can not get my Cannon IP6700D to print on both sides I operate a 7 home premium system.
Windows Vista Compatibility: Has anyone bought this printer to use with Vista 32 bit OS?
canon pixma ip6700d: has anyone bought this?
What kind of Cartridges do I need for this, My children gave me their c6180 and it states following the cartridge(s) is past due Ed Chapman
How do I easily enable gray scale only printing on older C1608? I won't buy new version unless I know I can easily set gray scale as default.
will not print black ink. other colors work fine
printer has heavy ink on photo how do i fix it
can we use hp ink 177 black &amp; 177 colored ink for this model C6180?
Has anyone received a 'door open' error message? I don't know what to do since the door is closed and nothing can print.
Does it use 02 Cartridges?
Would these fill in a little logo on a piece of plastic?
Do these glow in the dark? Do they dry on plastic?
Do they show as well on white paper?
I got mine today and i can't seem to get them to work does anyone have any tips or tricks. i tried the normal ways. they won't write at all. help?
does it bleed on paper
Are these like the old Pentel Milky Pens? I don't understand why Pentel stopped making them. I still have a few that still write. I loved those pens!
How well do these pens work with cardmaking?
CardScanner and Windows 7: Has anyone successfully done this?
hello, i would like to buy one of these gadgets, but it says it does not work with 64-bit systems, but most systems nowadays are 64-bit systems, so?
What is the difference between V8 and V9 versions? Also what is the difference beween personal and executive models?
is this scanner work with window 8.1
Does anyone know if this scanner works with Salesforce?
Does this import into an excel? Is this compatible with windows 7 and or mac OS?
do you swipe the card or does it just pick up on the information?
Is this scanner Mac compatible? Anyone have any recommendations?
does some soft ware come with it ?
Does it scan both sides at the same time?
what is the warrenty?
what size stickers can this print ?
what labels work in this printer?
Can this be a networked printer?
does this have a RJ-45 plug. i need to use it as a network printer so any one can you it not just USB
Do these print only in monochrome, and can you add art to the labels?
Does this work with Windows 8?
Can I print Amazon Labels for my customers directly from my computer? This is for use for Amazon orders only.
I have this Zebra LP 2844 printer and it has started to print really light. What type of resin paper do I need?
Is this printer working with Macintosh HD?
Can this printed be used for printing shipping labels from Paypal?
is there a software that enables me to print 30 up labels on the zebra
does it Include Power Supply, USB Cable, Driver?
is this the same as TLP 2844 Z
Does this printer come with the AC adapter and usb cable?
is this the same as a TLP 2844 Z
There are lots of smudges on the printed papers. Why?
How can you determine accurate page yield? (Samsung ML-2010 doesn't even tell you when the toner is low for these - it just stops feeding paper !)
Why did I get fewer than 500 pages before I need to replace the cartridge? The toner is fading. Shaking the cartridge had no effect.
I purchased this and installed the cartridge. There is a black 2 inch large area that goes the entire length of the page... happens 1 in 3 prints...
why won't my printer recognize the cartridge
what is yield of this cartridge
what is yield of this cartridge
Is this for inkjet printers?
I'm wondering if I could use this to make decals for the knobs of my sons baseball bats?
Can I use this product on a painted wall as a decal?
Help: which side is printable? Both sides look like vinyl, one is very flat/matte white, other has a slight gloss&amp;pattern in light, which side do I use?
Is it permanent adhesive, or can you remove/reposition it?
Will it be ok for decals on a chrome bicycle?
Is this Flexible, able to conform to curves and around edges?
I wanted to make my own custom keyboard stickers for my Apple wireless keyboard. Are these good for that purpose?
I'm curious as to what printers have been used with this product with success to include the black ink drying 100%
Using a standard HP inkjet printer it seems like the ink does not stay/dry all the way, specifically black ink. Am I missing something?
Will I be able to seal attic solar tubes with this and it will stick with high heat? I do not know if it gets hotter than 120 degrees.
What is the temperature range on this product? 3M should list all the specifications.
What about protecting insulated wire running from solar panel to security light -- from squirrels??
Can this be used to emboss imagines for crafts?
Would this product work for shielding, as in the electronics of a guitar? Non-conductive adhesive means each piece must be soldered to ground.
Is this the type of tape I need to secure edges around my inside heat pump unit? The air handler.
Will these stick good to wood ?
Is this actually Aluminum? Is it doped with anything or actually aluminum?
can I use this tape on the part of my pressure washer hose close to the muffler
Can this be used on hot water heater vent connections.
NOISE - HELP!!! Does anyone know how to remedy this?
Changing Property, Driver Specifications--COMMON USB CABLE STRAINS THE SIGNAL? PERHAPS THE COMMON USB CABLES SIMPLY DO NOT TRANSFER ENOUGH DATA/SECOND FOR THE DRIVER-PROPERTY OPTIONS TO CHANGE TO ANYTHING ELSE?
How to Know # of Pages I've Printed: Does anyone know how to determine the number of pages that I've printed, so I can estimate when I'll need to buy new toner cartidges?
Fuzzy Black, and Yellow Color somewhat have black dots smear! I'm not sure what is the proper word for itm perhaps sumdge?
Paper jams every time: Any solution to this apparently common problem?
Smart Panel not working in Mac OS 10.4.9? Any solution to this apparently common problem?
Does this work with Skype
Does this adapter support two phone lines per phone jack port?
Is this a genuine Cisco product?
this item incluid power adapter?
Is this product compatable with a ATT Uverse Motorola modem /router?
I need to convert an analog phone signal to work with my digital ATT Uverse. Will this work?
Does it work with Skype as "FreeTalk Connect Me Skype VoIP Phone Adapter (TALK-1200)"? If so, which one is better?
This product come with unique phone numbers that means no need to pay monthly fee for it or not?
What 'DOES NOT support Vonage &amp; Factory Unlocked' means?
Can I use two of these to extend an analog phone line over ethernet to another location on the LAN and plug in an analog phone on the other end?
can it change a film positive into a film negative print
Works for Windows 7 (64-bit)?
can I scan multiple documents into 1 pdf file using canoscan lide 600f
does it work for old negatives from 1940s and 1950s
Can it scan 35 mm slides?
Is it a standard USB cable- easy to replace ?
My Mac does not have a CD ROM player. Can I download the software to operate the scanner from the web?
Run with W7 64 bit OS?
Will this scanner will it work on mac OS 10.5
Does it work with Mac Mavericks?
Vista Compatibility: Has anyone bought this scanner for use with Windows Vista?
Negative scanning: CanoScan&reg; 8600F v. others: Who has used the CanoScan&reg; 8600F and other products and how do they stack up?
BOOKS????? Does the C8600F scan books easily?
Input and output features: Can it also scan documents and ship them to e.g.
How do I operate it Witjout a manual??
Slides look like negatives when scanned: Anyone have any luck correcting either of these issues?
can it scan legal size documents
working with Vista: Anybody else have this problem?
Negatives? How is this used for scanning negatives and slides?
Is there a scanner that works for 110 film? Does a scanner exist that works with these?
Problems with negative and slide scans: Did I do something wrong?
Mounted Slides: Anyone else tried scanning one of these?
system requirements: Does this scanner or 8600F work with Windows Vista Home Premium?
CanoScan and Mac: Did I read correctly that this scanner is compatible w/ Mac OS X??
how do you clean the scanner bed: How do people clean the scanner beds?
What does the printer come with? Power cord, cables, installation disk, toners, user guide?
Does it do 2-sided printing?
Does it print in black &amp; white and color?
is these printer wireless?
Do you think that if I ordered this again you could send me the EXACT one that is pictured? Not something completely different.
Does the tray come with the brackets
How does this mount to the desk? I have a wood top Drafting Table, would this work?
Does this pencil have the long eraser that you can twist up as it wears?
One of the features mentioned on their website is a "rotating lead degree window" near top clip. What is the function of this?
where is pencil made?
I am having trouble buying leads for this pencil, especially in color. Any advice?
Is it possible for the clip to separate from the pencil if used regularly?
Where can replacement erasers be purchased for this pencil?
Will a mass market paperback (novel size book) fit in these?
Can you tell me how much these weigh individually?
Do these rip/tear easily? Are they made of paper or a more durable plastic? I don't want the contents to rip the bag.
Does this envelope meet USPS specification for First Class letter mailing? Mine measured 6-3/16" wide and USPS clerk rejected the mail.
I want a very light wt outer envelop to mail greeting cards in to Europe which weigh .6-.08 0z so needs to weigh .1-.2oz would you weigh it for me?
Can these be sent US First Class mail?
Are these padded?
will it take shipping label on regular paper (not self-adhesive) with regular white Elmer's glue?
Can you write on the envelope?
video game
What is the thickness of your mailers?
I'm looking to sell a few things on ebay. How many shirts on average can be fit inside? As well, how many paperback books?
Are these bubble mailers? Padded?
is the area where items go 9x12? meaning, is the flap add extra length?
what is the weight per bag?
Can I use these to mail items such as catalogs? Does this material add to postage costs?
May i know approximately how long will the order take to arrive to California?
Can I get these shipped in 2 business days? I don't see that option when I check out.
Is there any issues with avery labels sticking to these?
How well would these protect things like books?
i am having a custom rubber stamp made with my company logo to stamp the outside. will i be able to stamp the outside?
How many t-shirts fit in this size?
Do shipping labels stick on well? Want to order them for my clothing business, but afraid labels will fall off. Thanks.
can an LP fit inside
Can magazines, large size, be shipped in these bags w/o the magazines being damaged? Is extra packaging required?
Are these usable to mail First Class despite the extra 1/2 inch? I was told by a USPS representative that I would likely be charged package prices.
Can you measure the actual width? a little over 12"? I am looking for bag width over 31cm to be precise. The exact 12" will not work for me.
Are these durable enough to ship a book?
Hello. Can you tell me what country of origin comes from?
what is the difference between your regular and premium mailers?
Can these be used to ship USPS First Class?
How many clothing items can fit in one bag, say for instance..shirts if folded right?
What kind of labels should I use?
will a long kleenex box cover fit in it?
Can these envelopes be printed on? If so Inkjet or Laser printer?
Is there bubble wrap on the inside?
Has the quality improved? Just bought and they were super thin and cheap.
Are these silver color or white?
I purchased these three times, and the last time the bags were different, you can see through them.. I want to be sure I am ordering the right ones.
Would this work to mail a semi-heavy hard cover book that measures 8.5 x 11?
What is the thickness of your mailers?
I'm looking to sell a few things on ebay. How many shirts on average can be fit inside? As well, how many paperback books?
Are these bubble mailers? Padded?
is the area where items go 9x12? meaning, is the flap add extra length?
what is the weight per bag?
Can I use these to mail items such as catalogs? Does this material add to postage costs?
May i know approximately how long will the order take to arrive to California?
Can I get these shipped in 2 business days? I don't see that option when I check out.
Is there any issues with avery labels sticking to these?
How well would these protect things like books?
Do these mailers work well for books?
Has anyone had printing put on the outside front of these?
are these white?
Are these good for mailing paper documents? Maybe 1-2 inch thick stack of papers?
I see that this item is not eligible for Amazon Prime. Approximately how long do these take to arrive?
whats the best for shipping books
What is the thickness of your mailers?
I'm looking to sell a few things on ebay. How many shirts on average can be fit inside? As well, how many paperback books?
Are these bubble mailers? Padded?
is the area where items go 9x12? meaning, is the flap add extra length?
what is the weight per bag?
Can I use these to mail items such as catalogs? Does this material add to postage costs?
May i know approximately how long will the order take to arrive to California?
Can I get these shipped in 2 business days? I don't see that option when I check out.
Is there any issues with avery labels sticking to these?
How well would these protect things like books?
How are these for holding documents? I am a court reporter and sometimes have quite a stack of exhibits (8 x 11).
Are these bags big enough to ship shoes in a box or boots in a box?
i have 10x0" pillows that, when smushed could be 3.5" thick&hellip; would these mailers work?
What are the inside dimensions of the bags for flat documents? I will not be using them for shipping, just for protecting flat 12"X18" documents.
When reading about the size 14.5x19 ........Further on under product dimensions it says: 14.9 x 10.9 x 1.2 inches. Is this the size of the product you mail the bags in?
how many bags per order? $14.09?
Do these have the bubbles in them?
The thickness or mil of the plastic? Is it 2 mil or 2.4 or?
How much weight can they hold?
Are these expandable? I am looking for ones that would work for skeins of yarn that are bulky and can be squished in the bags.
Will a pillow that is 6" deep fit in this bag?
I have a piece of foam that is 22"x11"x9", so its 22" long, 11" wide, and 9" high. Will this fit?
Is this price for only one piece?
I need to ship 2 thin plastic sheets that are exactly 12" X 24" X 1/16" thick in size. Will this fit inside these envelopes? We're OK to fold in half.
Can you mail fragile items in these bags like glassware, small framed prints etc?
I am confused on the size of these. The listing title says 6x8 but the product dimension say 10.3 x 10.2 x 6.7 inches.
How much does each individual rigid mailer weight in grams?
Will a 6X8 flat card fit inside this envelope? Common sense says that a 6X8 card needs an envelope larger than 6X8 but I can't find anything to work.
what is weight on one mailer in ounces?
Are these completely blank without any markings?
Self Seal Flap?
Do these mailers qualify under USPS guidelines as an "envelope containing a rigid object"? USPS charges more if it can't be run through the scan machine..thanks!
Pull tabs or not? (1 answer says yes &amp; another said no) I need envelopes that have the pull tab like the Post Office's Priority mail envelopes. Do these?
How much does it cost in postage to mail one CD in this package? (USPS)
pull tab?
Are these self-sealing? They appear to be from the photos, but the description doesn't specify.
I don't get the dimensions: 13.8 x 10.5 x 9.6 inches. I thought it was rectangular and flat? What is the length x width?
Are these large enough to comfortably mail a magazine or two?
Are these recyclable?
Will an 8.5x11 piece of cardstock paper fit in these envelopes?
Do you ship to Canada?
How much does it cost to ship? Does USPS really consider these a parcel and add to the cost?
How much does one mailer weigh?
Are these available in higher quantity and with more depth to accommodate most magazines?
Is it possible to specify top closure or side closure? Is this item one or the other? thank you
what size/kind of paper is best used with this? Also, does it work with printing photos from your computer?
Can you print from a SD memory card?
Can this be used as a 4X6 printer or does it require jpeg format?
Can I print from my phone with a usb cord?
What ink cartridge does it use?
Does the shelf collapse i.e. if I ned the cart to hold something tall can i collapse the top portion?
Are the wheels rubber?
Does this cart handle well over bad sidewalks and roads? It will be taken about two miles over bad roads and sidewalks once every week.
Maybe I'm missing this info onscreen. How much weight can this cart hold? A grocery bag full of frozen items or meat (kinda heavy)?
Can I microwave it?
I'm looking for a pen that I can keep in my pocket without it having any chance of getting ink on the lining. Would this work?
When you take the cap off, is the rest of the pen black?
Does this pen require a lot of pressure?
does this come with black ink? won't be able to use this for work unless its black ink
is this refillable?
HOW many are there
Does this have a hole so it can be attached to a key chain? I have an older version of this pen, and that is the feature I like the most.
Does this pen come with a gift box?
I live in Casper WY. Will this pen work in subzero temps as it says (-30 to 250 degrees)?
Does this come with the pocket clip?
Does it come gift boxed?
What is the weight of the pen itself?
What is the length of the pen when it is capped vs when it is open?
will this one leak in my purse?
does it smear right after you write with it?
will it work for the Sharp EL-2196BL that I have?
Will this work on a Sharp CS-1064?
Can you tell me the Brand Name of the ribbons?
will this work for EL1197P
Do these come individually packaged
Will this ribbon work on the EL-1750V?
Will this fit a Casio FR2650TM?
Will this fit a Sharp EL-2615P calculator
how is the ribbon installed?
Will this fit a Sharp EL 2630 P?
I like the idea of resting the mouse and keyboard on a massive mouse pad but have concerns about my keyboard sliding around.
Can't tell from the pictures, do the edges have seams, or is it just cut. Do people have issues with the fabric on top fraying away from the material
Why is this $50,000.00?
How smooth is it compared to the Steelseries QCK? After a while, even with washing, the QCK loses its smoothness and starts to feel awful.
actual size and thickness? imperial unite would be helpful.
Hello! Can this pad be cut to fit? (without edges fraying etc.)
How soft is it? I'm trying to find something so my hands and elbows don't hurt when wresting on my desk while I use my keyboard and stationary mouse.
I'm looking for a gaming pad to keep me from moving my keyboard accidentally while I play. Will this give enough friction?
Can anyone share the measurements of the bottom platform?
This item folds flat into what size? I have a small car and I to vendor events and am looking for a cart that folds and is lightweight.
what is the length of the handle?
How much does this cart weigh?
Do the wheels stay locked open for use when there is no load? Or do they fold up on you?
How well would this work for 20 Gallon plastic totes. I need something to bring them from a detached garage to the house.
does this require assembly?
can this work as a car seat dolly for airports?
the wheels and the part that hold them looks black, cant tell if its steel or plastic. im using it for fishing, dont want steel because it rust quick
My adult daughter is petite..5'2" and under 100 lbs. Would this be appropriate for someone that size to use to carry 4 to 5 briefcases into the work?
I have wood floor. Is this tape easy to peel off the wood floor and does it damage the wood floor or the carpet if I want to remove it?
will tape hold on ceramic tile
damaged floors? Did it damage any floor finishes when removed?
Is the product safe on Laminate floors?
How does this remove? I want to tape down an area rug to hardwood floors, but I'm worried about what damage this'll do when I remove it?
My husband is disabled and sometimes trips on throw rugs. Is this tape strong to use to prevent tripping? Would it leave tape residue on the carpet?
Will this tape keep a wool 6 ft runner from moving on a carpeted area
I have large tiles with a slight texture, but are still smooth enough that everything slides all over the place - will this stuff work for the rugs?
i want to tape down an area rug to carpet. will this work
Would this tape hold carpet stair treads (9" X 30") to carpeted stairway?
Will HP 20 ink cartridge work with HP 1040 fax machine?
will this work on HP deskjet 640C?
What is the expiration date on this item? Thank you.
Is this product made in the USA? Or of USA cotton? Just wondering the country of origin and manufacture. THANKS :)
I am looking for a fairly fine, stiff and strong string. Is this like that?
Can this be used in a turkey fryer....hot oil?
made in what country
How many ink cartridges does it use? Will it work if ink is finished in one cartridge?
Can you use other CD printable brands beside the tuff coat?
is the software for this printer compatible with mountain lion for mac? can it work with other software?
Is there a black only ink cartridge available for the SE model duplicator/printer?
includes CD /DVD-RW drive?
Can I write DVDs with this model? Can it work on 220V and what is the plug?
Is it compatible with a MAC computer? If it is, what operating system can be used? Mountain Lion? Snow, Snow Lion, etc.?
Can you do thermal printing on this unit using regular (sliver) cds?
is it inkjet
is it an inkjet
what type of paper is used?
What replacement ink cartridges does it take?
There is no description of the various buttons, such as TAX-, TAX+, IT, CA, MU/MD, G* etc. Why is there no booklet to describe the calculator?
Does this print date and time?
If I have the switch on 'print', 'item', or 'conversion', an "E" appears on the screen and I can't type or print. Help!
How To Set Tax Percent
does it come with paper
Our calculator arrived last night and I was surprised to find a "mini" roll of paper instead of a real one. Is the ink the same way?
How do you replace paper tape?
How do you use the cost/sell/margin buttons?
Printing on CD: Can someone confirm if the feature is installed or if we are again left aside?
iP4300: Does a new iP4300 come with the 5 ink tanks it requires, or must I pay about $60 for a set of tanks?
Does this printer have a manual feed like the iP4200?
is this printer capable of printing ordinary letters, 8.5 by 11, or just photos?
What Canon ink cartridges does it take?
Does the iP4300 have WiFi
Where can I get compatable ink cartridges for iP4300?
print black and white
Is the mouse movement from buttons or gyroscope/accelerometer? Hi, I'd love to know as it's not clear in the product description or reviews... how does one use the mouse with this product?
On your product page it says "red laser". But in the other review page for the same model it says "green laser". Is it red or green laser?
Our IT department upgraded computers (Windows 7) and even after installing the drivers automatically sometimes this doesn't work with PowerPoint.
When using the laser as the mouse, is the the mouse synced with where ever you point the laser on your LCD screen?
will this work with a laptop?
Can i sync one presenter to 2 or more different bases or do i have to have one presenter for each base (usb)?
I have videos in my Power Point presentation, will this allow me to select, open and launch the videos. Is there a cursor like a mouse?
I have a powerpoint presentation which has an mp3 and a wav file inserted, so when the slide is clicked the audio launches. Will this work for this?
Will this work with the new OS 10.9 (Mavericks) system?
Will this work with the new OS 10.9 (Mavericks) system?
Can I use this presenter as a wireless mouse? I mean being able to move the cursor and switch windows?
Does this remote allow for different frequencies to prevent conflicts with different rooms presenting at the same time??
Do any of the buttons act as an "ESC" key? I present from Excel and would like to click "into" a cell, but I'd need to hit "ESC" to leave edit mode.
The one I bought just stop working after 5 months. I've changed batteries but It doesn't function. Any idea of what can be happening?
Does it need batteries?
WHAT COLOR IS THE LASER?
How does this work with keynote and/or prezi?
I'm poised to buy this, but can I use it to play video and audio files EMBEDDED in PowerPoint slides, and not merely move slides forward and backward?
Does the USB fit into the 2014 Macbook Air without bumping into a thundeboldt display cable or the power supply charging attachement?
Will this run on Windows 8?
Anyone try Canon compatible ink yet? Anyone try generic ink with this printer yet?
Anyone else have a problem with 4x6 photopaper slipping as it prints? Anyone else have a problem with 4x6 photopaper slipping as it prints?
Black &amp; White printing: Any suggestions?
Ink life of MP600 vs. Ink life of MP830?? How does ink usage of mp600 compare to that of mp830?
Mac compatible? I'm wondering if the Canon Pixmas have a Mac driver, and if so, if they are compatible with the new Mac OSX/Leopard?
CD labeling? Is that the case for this new crop, too?
Printing without the special black ink: Is it possible to print without the extra "photo" ink cartridge?
Is there a way to scan negatives and slides with this model? Is there a way to get accessories or another way to make it work?
Ink Life: What's the average ink life that most people have been seeing when using to print more photos than text?
printing black and white from web pages: does anyone know how to set the mp600 to print in black and white when i just want to print web pages-seems like a waste of color ink when i want to print a yahoo page?
I have a Pixma 810 and I've used it to view slides I'm told that it is not compatible with my newer HP computer with with windows 8.can anyone help?
can you scan negatives?
can you scan slides
can you scan slides on this printer
where can I purchase amp810 printer
How many DVD's in their origional jackets does this box hold?
Does "6 by 10-3/4 by 8-Inch" mean 6 High x 10-3/4 Deep x 8 Wide?
looking for a box to hold my DVDs which are in 10.25" Hi X 6.125" wide hard-packs that matches SNS boxes
I LIKE TO BUY USED R380 OR RX680
Someone used my printer with a photo stick and now I cannot get it to print regular documents from my computer. How can I reset that function?
can I lay old pictures directly on to print new ones for family
Can I print metal hog tags? Or house key blanks?
Why are my ink cartridges not recognized when all six are installed but will "see" 5 inks if I remove one of the six?
Photos smudge with Printworks Satin paper. Any suggestions?
Does this multipack work with the pixma pro-100??
Items Included With The Purchase: What items are included with the purchase of this printer?
Will it work with Canon Pixma IP 3500 ?
Is it possible to change the two inks that are empty, and then change the others as they run out? or do I have to change them all at once??
Is this compatible with both Pro9000 and Pro9000 Mark II?
Does this work with Cannon i 850 printer?
WHAT IS THE EXPIRATION DATE
About how many prints can you get out of the ink? What's your experience with Canon ink cartridges?
Does each cartridge come with individual canon 8 boxes?
Hi, what kind of power cord does this printer use? Any help most appreciated.
RIP: Can someone answer me whether this is the Pro Edition which comes with the Colorburst Postscript RIP?
wheel marks on prints: Has anyone had problems with this?
What is the difference between Epson pro 3880 and 3800 on pictures effects and prints
I have a HP Photosmart 6525 and the cartridges that came with it were "set-up" ones. Do I need to buy refillable cartridges and chips?
Will this kit work with a HP Designjet t120 large format printer?
Hi, I received my ink refills but found no instructions. Where can I get instructions on how to refill cartridges for Canon and Samsung? Thank you.
How can I find out if this will work for my HP Office Jet 6600 printer?
How do I make the hole for the ink to go in...I have a Lexmark pro715, 150 cartridges
Is this refill kit work for Canon PG-240/CL-241 cartridge?
Would this work on HP4620? Is this pigment ink?
How many times can you refill the them?
Does this work with HP5530-e printer?
CAN i use to refil hp 61
hi, can anyone tell me, how many discs can be printed from 1 cartridge?
Does anyone know how many discs can you print from 1 cartridge?
How is this cartridge different from 53335, other than $5 price difference? Does anyone know?
Was it made in the USA?
will this pen also take the broad tipped refill?
Does this come in a gift box?
Can this pen/pencil be engraved?
Does it come wirh a wallet/cover?
Is this C model made of plastic or metal?
Does this calculator come with a manual?
Does this calculator come with a manual?
Does this calculator come with a vinyl cover/case?
Some of my problems require that I enter large exponents outside of the parenthesis. Are exponents like that easy to enter on this calculator?
The ink is fading. What do I do?
Tape is not sticking well. Rolls up on the edges. What should I do?
I lost the book on how to operate! How do I change from letters to numbers?
Does label maker come with labels or do I need to buy separately?
What width labels can be used? It appears only 1/2" are available on Amazon
can you change the default font size on the Letratag LT-100H
can it print barcodes?
It is very hard to remove the backing from the paper labels. Any suggestions?
When printing, some parts of letters are not visible, even with fresh batteries and after cleaning the head...ANY TIPS to get it to print all letters?
Will the paper labels peel off cleanly from hard (plastic storage containers) surfaces when I need to change 'em?
What is the inside dimension of the bottom shelf, I know it holds 11x17 paper but will it hold an 18" keyboard?
What is the inside dimension of the bottom shelf, I know it holds 11x17 paper but will it hold an 18" keyboard?
What is the height of the bottom shelf?
Is it made of wood or plastic? Thanks
This stand is rated to hold 50 pounds. My HP laser printer weighs 58 pounds (including a ream of paper). Safe to use?
What are the correct dimensions of the top?
Is it strong enough to hold a 27" iMac?
What are the dimensions of the base?
will 11in x 17in paper fit in the bottom shelf?
My laptop is 16.5" wide. Will it fit underneath the drawer? I am not sure if the posted dimensions of 18 7/16 width is outside or inside width.
Could this stand securely support a 42" plasma tv weighing ~52lbs, that sits on a built-in swivel base 16" wide?
What are the approximate dimensions of the pullout drawer? Will it fit a Microsoft Surface?
Will a 13" mac book pro fit under the shelf?
Will a Brother All-in-one printer (Model MFC-J870DW) fit on this?
is the pen the red color on the box (of course the lead is black)
are these refillable?
is it worth buying this with 12 in side
Are the erasers any good? Are they the harder type of eraser?
Do this pencils come filled will lead?
Are these pencils refillable? I can't find replacement leads or erasers for this product.
What is the height of the space available underneath the drawer?
can a pc keyboard fit under the drawer?
my desk keyboard is , 17.5 inches width, 5.5 inches depth, and 1.25 inches height. will it fit under the monitor stand?
can wires be fed under the stand or would the drawer be in the way.
what are the dimensions?
How much weight can this hold? I have a 23 inch lcd tv, and I'm wondering if this would be appropriate for it. .
Could the drawer be removed and the slot used as another shelf?
Does a standard key board fit in between the drawer and desk? (under the drawer) 15" wide doesnt seem it would fit my keyboard at work. thank you for your help!
Is there a backside of this stand or is it open?
what is the width (shortest side) of this stand?
I have 3 questions: do I have to use a computer with this. I just want to put it on a desk and make an occasional copy. #2..what kind of replacement cartridge does it require. #3....Can it print in color and black and white. The one I have now just...
Can I use the canon pc170 to print an email or article off my computer?
Does the canon pc170 come with a toner cartridge?
can the canon pc 170 copy machine enlarge the image?
How to change the toner cartridge
How to change the toner cartridge
What # toner cartridge needed for PC170?
Is this unit dual voltage. I need a portable copier that will run on 220v
Will the E-20 cartridge work in the PC-150 copier
What is the width when both trays are open? I need to know if it will fit in my space.
Can average size adults use the chairs?
Are all the pieces table top/ sides and chairs easy to clean?
Does the product has strong odor? Thanks
My granddaughter is a small 7year old. Is this set made for toddlers or older kids?
Is the table set already put together?
Why is the natural wood color so much cheaper thank cherry or pecan?
What age group this set is for?
Can this be painted
Was this set made in the US?
what kind of wood is this set made from?
Have a MacBook air 13 in and just ordered the Rain 13 in. Has anyone gotten a larger size to allow for an external mouse to be used?
i drive school bus to and from athletic events. How helpful will this be while traveling is it user/travel friendly?
am i able to put this into my book bag for when i go to school and do my long study sessions?
Useful on a desk? My hope is to take the pressure off my wrists when using MacBook Air 11" in my office (especially given its sharp edges) Thank you!
Could I use this with my Macbook Air 11"?
Did anyone experience any discoloration from this product? I noticed that my Macbook's color was wearing off in some places after using this product.
Does this fit MacBook Air 13"?
ARMREST COMFORT FIX FOR MACBOOK AIR: Could you place something under the Air to make up for the difference in keyboard thickness btwn the air &amp; powerbook?
Can they be easily exchanged from one person to another?
If you separate the bands in advance, is there a trick to keeping them organized?
What is the width, 1/2" or 3/4"?
Can I get a sample of the wristbands?
Do you combine shipping if I buy multiple packages i.e. 1 pack red, 1 pack yellow, 1 pack blue and etc?
how long does it take to arrive?
Can you print on these?
I live in virginia and am hosting a party this saturday july 26th...if I ordered on 7/22 will I get them by saturday?
Do all colors come with detachable stubs as shown in the multi color? The single colors don't show detachable stubs.
So is it a assortment of colors or just 1 color?
Also need to know if it is matte on BOTH sides. Do these have bar code stickers on the boards?
Needing to make journal covers with students - is this the thickness of a cereal box?
Is this 4 ply or 6 ply? or?? I ordered the Riverside poster board and it is too thin. I am looking for a thin cardboard. Will this do the job?
What is the "Adhesion to Steel oz/in (N/100 mm)", "Adhesive Type" and "Tensile Strength lb/in (N/100 mm)" of this tape?
Is each roll 800" so there are 6 rolls of 800"?
what is the length in meters
Has the sticking problem on this tape been fixed? If I order a new set, can I be assured that it will actually stick and will keep its stickiness?
Are there dispensers for each roll in this pack?
Will these fit the 'Easy Grip' tape dispenser?
will these fit the 'easy handled' dispenser?
what is the dispenser model number? i need to buy refill tapes. thank you
I need information regarding the core size of these dispensers. How many inches is the diameter?
What is the core size for this tape? I have several gun type tape dispensers and they need tape rolls with a 3" core size to fit.
What are the ingredients of these shredder sheets?
What kind of oil is in these sheets? Mineral, vegetable? Tx. Pete
how often should you use these sheets?
What country are these made in?
Can i print postage and addresses directly on the envelope with an HP Officejet printer?
These say 100% recycled. Are they 100% post-consumer content?
What's the county of origin?
Are these envelopes plain? Or do they have the green 100% recycled mark on the corner as pictured?
Are these regular sized letter envelopes for mailing a letter? Do they require normal postage (provided that you're mailing just a letter).
Does it bleed through paper
Can this pen be used for school to write?
I want to use these in an Erin Condren planner, but I don't want bleed through, and I don't want the marker to smear - am I ok w/these?
how long does the ink last?
can they be used to paint glass/coffee cups for crafts?
can these be used on black paper?
Are these ball point pens or like very thin markers
Would these be good for everyday pens for an incoming freshman?
are all of the flair pens felt?
Do these pens smell bad?
Can the markers be used on clear glass and will it wipe off easily with the wipe off cleaner.
Why do they call this a 16 piece set when only twelve colors are mentioned?
Is it really dry erase
Will these markers work on a white metalic surface? if so, will it be easy to erase of this surface?
Are these safe to use for kids?
Do these truly have a low odor?
Are these markers made in the USA?
Does the set come with all of the colors mentioned in the description?
Is there still a forest green marker in this set? I haven't been able to find those on the shelves lately!
Can the makers be used on clear glass, does it easily wipe off of clear glass?
Which name badge insert is compatible with this product? I'm not finding an Avery product with these dimensions.
The title says the pouch is 2 3/8 x 4 3/8 but the description below says "vertical orientation 2 2/3 x 3 38. Which is it? thanks
Does Advantus have a horizontal badge holder?
Are the perforated holes at the top of the badge on both sides or only one? I need the hole on both to ensure my badge doesn't fall out.
Is this anti-print transfer so the insert doesn't meld into the plastic?
Will this fit 2 credit card/gift card sized cards (plastic cards with no embossing)? Will they be removable or will that require cutting it open?
is it dry erase friendly.... want to use with kids in kindergarten and need to be able to write on and erase
This says ships in 1-3 MONTHS??? Should it say DAYS?
The size in the Header show the size to be 4 3/8, the copy in the body shows 3 3/8 ??? Please clarify.
I'm thinking of using these to secure business cards to a bulletin board - are they large enough to hold 5 - 10 cards?
Do these markers erase cleanly after a long period of time?
The price of 1.99 on search page goes to 7.75 when page is opened ?
Do these markers stain clothes? I'm looking at them to give to my grand-kids to take on a long plane trip.
Are these made in the USA? I see other Expo dry/erase markers/pens that specify that they are made in the USA but it is not noted on this item.
This says it's "cover stock", is it the same as card stock?
Can you print on the front and back of this paper?
What is the gsm (grams per square meter) weight of this?
I need a product 1-2 steps up/thicker than Boise HD:P Presentation Laser, 96 Bright, 32/80 weight (120 gsm/16M), 8.5 x 11 inches. Is this thicker?
Can you print with an ink jet printer? If so how well and crisp does the image show up? Thanks
Has anyone used this paper for rubber stamps/clear stamps/ card making, and if so, how have the results been? Thanks!
Would Copics bleed through this paper?
Can this paper be used for both laser and inkjet printers?
The packaging says Color Copy "Digital" Cover but the title says Photo White Cover Stock. Is it "digital" or not?
Can I use this paper to print business cards?
Will the drawer hold 8 1/2 X 11 copy paper?
Can the drawer be removed? If so, would a laptop fit where the drawer was?
Someone said the drawer is divided. Can the dividers be removed? What size are the compartments? Thanks.
Is the back underneath the drawer open for power and monitor cords to run out the back?
does it come assembled?
How wide is this product? We're thinking about using this UNDER our toaster-oven.
What are the inside dimentions below the drawer?
Will a Laptop with Docking Station fit under this? If not under the Drawer, can the drawer be removed to fit the Docking station set up? Dimensions?
What is the inside dimensions on the drawer?
is the space underneath the drawer sufficient to store a keyboard when no in use?
What is the thickness of these pouches?
Can I use an iron to seal these pouches?
Can I use dry/wet erase markers on these after laminating?
never used one of these laminating machines before. if i have a larger pouch, do i trim it prior to laminating? after laminating? or not at all?
If I order this item will I received UNIVERSAL Brand pouches or will they be an equivalent made by another manufacturer?
Could you use these for outdoor plant signage?
I'd like to use these pouches as large nametags. Can theybe punched so a nametag clip can be used? If not, do you sell punched 4x6 pouches?
Do these need to be used with a laminating machine? Or are they self-seal?
Do these have an adhesive on the back that allows the pouch to be stuck to flat surfaces?
Are these 4" x 6" laminating pouches available in 3 mil thickness?
what is the weight capacity ?
How high is the top step above the floor?
I would like to know the distance from the floor to the first step, and the distance between first step and the second ? I have knee issues
Is this step stool OSHA approved.. I see that the it's certified but is it OSHA certified?
is there a lever to close it
what is the height reach for this ladder? And, how high is the top step?
Epson or Canon -- Which Printer is Best? Which one can be recommended best?
Canon Pixma Pro 9000 Which paper is best for photos??? Does anyone have any idea of what the best paper is to use in the 13 x 19 size.
A step up from the Canon S9000??? Would the purchase of the PIMA PRO 9000 be a significant upgrade?
Printer Stand Recommendation: Anyone find a printer stand to fit it?
Can this printer be used for canvas?
Kind of ink the pixma pro9000 mark 11 uses.Does it use 8-c?
Is the ink glossy?
does it print on thick cardstock?
What is max. length (using custom size)?
Can you print on vinyl with this? Is the ink water or solvent based?
Does it print envelopes? Does this printer have a feature like that?
How many pages does the starter cartridge print ?
Is the scanning via ADF duplex as well? Hi, Is the scanning duplex as well?
can I access faxes that are stored in memory and import them to my computer?
Does it work easily with Windows 7
Does it work in a home network? Will I need to use a switch or can I just plug this printer into the modem/router (or connect wirelessly)?
Does it work with Mac? Does that mean the scanner is not Mac-compatible?
Does it work as a stand alone copy machine? Does nayone know if this needs to be hooked up to my PC to work as a stand alone copier or am I able to simply plug it in and use that one function?
How much does it cost per page? I was wondering if anyone can tell me the cost per page?
Generic/Compatible Toner: Has anyone tried and had any luck with the cheaper "compatible" toners?
need new batterys
Will this automatically insert the decimal point two places to the left when entering dollars and cents?
does the used datexx bd-413 come with instruction manual?
how difficult is it to remove the screws on the back?
Is there a lock on this model?
Can you slide an open register booklet under the calculator, checks, or both?
Had to reset, which I did -- now I need to set the clock and date. Please advise me how to do it.
what is the exact size?
I have a bag of clips. How do I determine which dispenser size that they will fit?
Is this the largest size the procduct comes in?
are the clips magnetic?
Where (in what country) are Supaclips manufactured ?
is the grid on both sides of the page or just one?
Does this have the graph squares on both sides?
will the lines transfer when copied or scanned
Is this graph paper accurate? As in 1" =1"
hOW MANY PADS ARE IN THE PACK
Do I have to have a landline or cable account to use, or can I use with just Skype? If I buy this product, without a wall connection, will it work with Skype?
Do I have to have computer on all time to receive calls? what if I put my computer to sleep, will skype phone still ring if someone calls me on skype?
does anyone use this with vonage? Any advise?
Does It Work Skype: Computer to Computer? Does this work that way?
Windows Vista compatible? Has anyone tried installing this under Vista?
Will this work with a Linux box? Considering this for my Raspberry Pi project, which will need FXO and FXS analog lines connected.
what size paper does it use?
Do paper and ink roll come with it? Is it difficult to load?
how dark is the ink when printing?
What is the dimension?
How do you subtract with this model?
Does this model have an AC adapter to plug into wall, or is it only run off of batteries
What size batteries are used?
Does it shut off in a short time automatically? Not an advantage for me. I Like one to stay on until I want to shut it off.
does it come with paper
How many angles can you create? What is the steepest?
what size lap top does it fit
Is the bottom platform perforated or such that air can move through it? Need to use this on top of an amplifier, so need venting on bottom for the amp
Is this riser non skid? How high are the tabs in front that hold the laptop on?
from table surface, what is the maximum height this would raise a typical 15-inch laptop?
what is the purpose for the plastic piece on the back that has the brand written on it and also the 6 little slot things in back
Are the product dimensions listed in the description for packed product (in box?) or for assembled product on the desk? How deep is it, assembled?
Will the stand fold up flat so I can transport it in a backpack?
Can it be used with a 10" tablet as a lap stand?
Will a 13.3 Mac fit ok?
how do you thread the paper through this machine
where can I get paper
Does it come with an AC adaptor?
what are the exact dimensions (standard system in inches) of machine?
Does this come with an ink and roll of paper?
what kind of batteries?
lit display?
Does a roll of paper come with this calculator?
Does this work like a calculator or like a 10 key adding machine. Example: Do you hit 8 + 6- to get 2 or do you hit 8+6= to get 2?
Is the printout dual color?
Are the foam wrist supports removable?
Does this item swivel?
Does anyone know how to tilt it or move the mouse to the left side? I bought this years ago and now need to use a lefthand mouse for ergonomics
What size keyboard can fit with this tray?
Does this tray slide completely under the desk or does it stick out, just at variable heights?
How far out can the tray be pulled out from the edge of the desk?
I have an ergonomic keyboard and need 8" of space for the board. How much space is available front to back for the keyboard ?
Does it adjust side to side at all, or only adjusts 'in' and 'out'? Thank you!
What is the load capacity? My new split keyboard and trackball are rather heavy. Would this be different to the AKT170LE version?
Just to clarify, is this a tray I can adjust to be standing at?
Is this the complete set (KP200LE Adjustable Keyboard Platform with the AKT180LE Adjustable Keyboard Tray) or do I have to buy both items separately?
can I remove the mouse pad?
Can i remove the mouse pad?
What are the dimensions of the keyboard tray? I have a logitech MX5000 keyboard. It is 18 inches wide and 8 inches deep.
Can any part of the mounting arm be seen on top of desk?
can a plastic bag be inserted in the bin to ease disposal of shredded material?
Will it shred disks?
Can credit cards be shred in the micro-cut slot (not in the CD slot)?
What model of waste bags does the Fellowes 450Ms use?
What mean 120v machine?
Will the safe sense feature work when hands approach the cd slot as well as the paper slot?
Is the CD/credit card strip bin removable?
Is the physical separation between the plastic and paper portions of the bin something that can be removed so there is only one bin vs two?
Does this work with the power ratings in India ?
Can credit cards be shred in the micro-cut slot (not in the CD slot)?
Canada: Will this work with Canadian phone numbers??
dial up? what are the local numbers?
supplies for Presto: What about paper (photo vs. copy paper)?
Set-up: Do my parents need some type of internet service to set this up?
Does it have any affect on regular incoming phone calls? Does this device know to ignore regular phone calls (I'm assuming it is always hooked up to a phone line) and just receive the designated emails?
Does the Presto Printing Mailbox come ready to use with an ink cartridge in place?
Anybody actually own one of these? So, anybody with real-world experience on one of these?
Cost of Service: Anyone out there have this information?
"Secret" button push for initiating an email retrieval call? Can anyone tell me what that combination is?
Cost of actual equipment and service combined? My question is how much does everything cost?
I want to hang tweezers and small scissors on a strip in my medicine cabinet. Do you think the magnet is strong enough to hold these items?
can this be used on an outdoor mailbox
I need a stronger magnet to hold a pet door shut when windy. Is this likely to hold against a 20mph wind?
I want to hang postcards on my cubicle walls at work. The walls are fabric covered. Will the adhesive on this tape stick?
how well will the magnetic strips work in extreme cold? Will they break? I'd like to use this product to secure a winter windshield cover.
Additional Handsets ? Has anyone gotten an answer out of Linksys as to when they will sell additional handsets as a separate product ?
does it work with win 8
Power Adapter: Does the power 110v or 240v?
power adapters: Do the 2 power adapters (for the handset and the router) support 110-220V input, or only 110?
Does it have a web browser for Wifi authentication? and can I use it at any Wifi hotspot, or does it only work with its own base station?
Any problems with Skype Unlimited Calling Plan (In North America)? May someone please give me a response to this inquiry?
Why is the Amazon price for this phone so high?
Adapter's voltage: What about worldwide voltage of power adapters for base and handset?
anyone knows how to clear call history: Anyone knows how to clear the history without deleting each message individually?
Can the CIT400 be connected to an analog phone line? Can the CIT400 be connected to an analog phone line?
Is the middle shelf adjustable?
can this be built without the adjustable shelf
The dimensions are listed, but which one is the width?
Does the printer stand come like this, or we build it up, i read the item weights 38lbs. I need someone to help me with this question. thanks.
Can this cart be used without the casters? Thank you.
What is weight capacity?
will stand be large enough for HP Officejet Pro 8620e all in one printer? dimensions of printer are: 19.7 " X 25.5" X 12.4 "
Several reviewers mention no holes for wires in the back. Can the unit be assembled without the back panel (i.e., would it still be stable) ?
dimensions?
What is the weight capacity of the stand?
is it good as a receipt scanner?
Is this cpmpatible with a mac?
Can it work with a wireless set up
That scanners is in good condition? have any problem?
what is the max weight capacity?
How comfortable are these chairs? Could they be used as daily at home office chairs for 8 hours (4 hrs at a time)?
Can someone please measure the height of the seat from the ground to the top of the seat for these white chairs? I see the black ones listed at 33in.
I need 34" SEAT HEIGHT...no i'm not sure's please.
I much do one chair weigh
Just want to make sure it comes in white. I see the white model in the photo but don't see color description on the specs. Thanks!
Can the backrest and its support arms be removed, or can the stools be assembled without putting on the backrest?
Can the backrest and its support arms be removed, or can the stools be assembled without putting on the backrest?
why does it say "set of 2" - are there 2 included in the price?
Is this chair stable enough to be used with a bathroom sink without turning over? I like the idea that there are no legs to trip over.
Where can I get an installation CD or can someone copy theirs for me?
does it xerox
is there away to print from multiple pcs?
What is the maximum paper size?
OWNERS MANUAL ON LINE?
Who do you make this P2015dn work with Win 7 64 bit? I've downloaded the available drivers, but they don't work!
can the p2015 be hooked up to a router. If so, how?
'printer not connected' message when I try to print: Any thoughts?
Do the labels come on standard 8-1/2 x 11 sheets?
Is it possible to print two titles on one label and cut in half to use on slim cases?
will they truly stay stuck to the outside plastic of the jewel case
What is the length and width of spline label?
Just double checking, the adhesive side is not the side that is printed on?
Will these labels continue to go through a laser printer okay if I am only printing one label at a time?
label software: where can I find the software (templates) for this spine label?
The picture &amp; description are of the Ultraship 55. The item title however is "Ultraship 75 lb...". Which is it?
what icrements will it weigh in and will it do two decimal points out for the ultraship 75 lb digital scale
What is minimum weight? Will it show 1 green onion that weighs .2 oz, for instance.
Does it have a USB port?
What are the physical dimensions please....often weigh small animals &amp; larger platform easier to work with.
Will this scale work with Stamps.com software?
Since I would have to buy the AC adapter, would it be a DC volt? What amps can the scale handle?
I have to cut every single label I make with scissors in order for it to be centered. Is there any way to avoid this ridiculous problem?
Is there any way to get this thing to stop wasting an inch of tape for every print?
What kind of power adaptor does this use? I notice that they sell their own adaptor.. for 20 bucks. Don't want to use 6 batteries all the time.
Can you put more that one lable color in this device?
how do you change the font size?
How do you change the font?
Will the file hanging bars come out. I need a case like this for 3-ring binder folders
How high does the handle actually extend?
Are these safe to stack in storage, or would it cause damage to the lower box?
What Size of file holders are use?
What are the dimensions of the VZ01270?
Does anyone have the internal dimensions? I will be useing it to transport a piece of medical equipment and not paperwork.
What are the internal dimensions?
How do I reset the combination?. They set at 111 and I need it to be original for work.
How many file folder can this hold? Thanks.
Is there a way to replaced the handle? Mine has broken off after 3 months, and I would really like to just fix it.
Is it compatible with HP Deskjet F4180 All-in-One printer?
what is the expiration date on black and on coloured pack of inks
is this an original HP cartridge or is a refilled cartridge? is it in the original sealed HP package?
will it work in a deskjet f380
the expiration date is on the box, I will buy if you tell me the date.
the expiration date is on the box, I will buy if you tell me the date.
does vthis replase hp 28 &amp; hp 56?
You list Free Shipping but that is not being reflected on my cart. Why?
What is the expiration date on the package, please. Thanks!
What is the expiration date for these cartridges?
Will this ink cartridge work with the HP Deskjet 1000?
Will this ink cartridge work with HP Officejet Model 5610?
does this work in a hp c3180 all in one printer?
does the 93 cartridge sub for the color 95?
Is this product, identical to what is sold in Retail Stores. Is it new, fresh (not past expiration date) and in the original unopened HP Combo Pack
Does it work on HP Photosmart 3180 all in one?
what is the expiration date for this cartridge??
what is the expiration day on these cartridges? thanks!
what is the expiration date on this product? Thanks!
will this work on a HP C4180 printer?
Does it work for an HP c3100????
What is the SKU for this product?
Is thisone 240xxl
Will it work on C3100 PhotoSmart?
Will this work for a Photosmart C3180?
What is expired date ?
Is this product factory sealed from HP and new in the box?
How many pages yield?
Does this work with HP Deskjet 6988?
What is the expiration date, please.
What is the expiration date for this combo pack?
Brand new in original box ?
how much ink does each cartridge contain
do they work with HP6540?
Does this "2 pack" come with two items total, or 2 packs with 2 inside each box (so a total of 4). Thanks!
what is the expiration date on the ink? Is it in HP Packaging?
are these HP products or compatible with HP. I've had problems in the past with 'wantabees'
hp 21/22 cartridges are for which hp printers?
Will it work with HP Deskjet printer F4180?
good afternoon necesitocartucho 21 hp to 22 hp Officejet All-in-One 4300 printer model that is compatible?
hp deskjet printer serves to D1460?
Are these HP OEM or just empty cartridges filled and packaged to look like HP originals?
Tricolor good for photo-realism, or just color chart?
COMPATIBLE DESKJET 3920?
Will it work with HP Deskjet printer D1460?
DO THESE CARTRIDGES USED TO THE HP OFFICEJET 4355?
Can this machine use different sized coils? What are the maximum number of pages it can coil?
does this product come with the cutting/crimping tool?
there are many places to bind and many binding machines and many spirals but almost none has a 4 holes per inch rate. I need so!! does 4:1 mean that?
How many pages can this machine punch at one time?
What are the diameters of the holes punched?
is the spacing between holes adjustable?
Is the machine tough enough to punch a single piece of light cardboard of the weight that is used on the backs of tablets and sketchpads?
Will it punch through 10 mil laminated paper?
if i needed to open the book to insert or change a page, can this machine take care of that or do we need to rebind the materials? so sorry for caps
Does anybody know if the puncher is the exact same measurements as the one subjects notebooks that are made in vietnam?
Do these ink cartridges come in a box as shown and do they have expiration dates?
I have an HP 1315 all in one model. Will thses cartridges work in mine?
what printers use HP 56 &amp; HP 57 cartridges?
HP 56 Black &amp; HP 57 Tri-color Original Ink Cartridges, 2 pack- what is the expiration date?
what is the expiration date? thanks
Is the 56/57 being discontinued and if so what cartridge replaces it?
Is this for TWO of the combo packs or just ONE combo pack with 2 cartridges in it?
Will this combo pack fit an HP officejet 5510 all-in-one printer?
Expiration date is printed on the packaging. What is it?
Will these work with hp hp psc 1350 all in one printer?
What is the expiration date on the 2 ink cartridges?
What is the expiration date?
Just purchased twin pack hp98. Now it says expiration in 2014.How long is it good for after expiration date.
Is equal to C9364W? Thanks
how many pages
WHAT IS THE VOLUME OF EACH CARTRIDGE INK
what is expiration date for this hp 98 twin pack?
is it real HP product
Will this work in an Officejet 100 Mobile printer?
REPEAT: can this stamp be used to repeat the number several hundred times?
Is it possible to set this machine to begin with JUST 1, with NO extra zeros or etc,so that it simply counts up? If so, how?
The technical details seem to say the machine is 11" tall. Is that correct? If so, does anyone recommend a more portable numbering machine?
How tall, exactly, are the stamped numbers?
What is the weight of this numbering machine? 1.8 oz? Cannot be!
this stamp will automatically advance the count, correct? thanks in advance
Has anyone had problems with part of the numbers not stamping?
Does this item self-ink?
Is it a manufacturing error or design, but the automatic carry to next column on 999... stops after six wheels. 0999999 increments to 0000000?
Will it work for 4 numbers?
i'm looking for a key+mail+magazines holder. would this hold magazine?
Can it hold regular side file folders?
I'm seeing several people say this is too small- will it hold standard size envelopes (i.e., bills)?
Does it require wall anchors on drywall?
Couldn't this technically be held up by push pins? (Same concept as hanging a painting)
How deep are the pockets? I'm just wondering how many standard letters I can get into one of the pockets.
Can it be mounted with Command Strips?
mounting instructions
Does this embosser come with a custom stamp?
How long is this embosser able to reach from the bottom or top of the paper?
Can you put whatever you want on the plate or are you confined to " From The Library Of"?
Would this embosser be suitable for stationary, envelopes and napkins? Can you adjust the stamp to emboss on the top of the page vs bottom?
Where is this item manufactured?
Can you make a stamp from my logo?
Can I change the dies to use different designs? They say die holders and I do not know quite well what they meant.
Can the embosser be made with a design on a jpg file? I need a round seal with exact specs.
how do i provided my information to be put on the seal?
product question embosser: Does this come with the name in it like it shows?
Can you tear this with your hands or do you need scissors or a dispenser?
is this very glossy or slick on the non adhesive side?
Looking for tape that tears easily and is easily removed.
is it gummed&gt;
Is this particular tape already adhesive or do you need to add water?
Will inkpad ink dry on this tape for registered mail sealing? Registered mail requires stamping of the postal seal to secure from tampering.
I bought rolls on June 7th I went to use my third roll and the tape just tares you cant use it. What do I do with it since
Can you write on it with a sharpie to label boxes?
Can this be used for registered mail?
Can this tape be painted with flat latex paint? Need it for seams when building sets for a stage production.
Can this be put directly on a wall?
Can this be put in a cricut machine to cut shapes etc?
Does anyone know if this works with chalk markers?
Is this a vinyl back or does it actually have an adhesive on it?
Can I use a regular chalk to write on this paper?
Does this work with chalk markers?
what kind of chalks can you use with this?
Would I be able to place this on a cinder block wall in a school hallway? The walls are painted so semi-smooth, but not smooth like wallboard.
Is this vinyl? I want to make wall decals, would this work?
Can you sew it, maybe make it into a placemat?
How high is the top step?
Would like to know what the hight is from the ground to bottom step.
What is the height of the top step?
How do you fold it up. I can't figure it out. Thanks.
Hello, what color are the sides of the ladder, white or grey? Thanks!
How tall is the unit when folded?
What is the weight limitation on this?
what is width when folded? Thanks.
what color is this?
it is alright to use this in underwater uses after cured? how long to cure?
2 questions: (1) Will it bind to cement board in my shower? (2) Will it fill a one-inch gap? If what's a product better-suited to fill large gaps?
Will this bind heavy glass pieces? I make bird baths out of glass and ceramic yard sale items.
I have a spider web type crack just under water line on a plastic pontoon bass boat. will this product permanently fix it?
Will it stick to a cement wall?
Will these ruin painted walls?
will these stick to soundproofing foam?
How thick are the squares?
How many squares per pack? Will they permanently adhere small china saucers to a painted interior wall?
Would a calendar whiteboard be too heavy for these squares? It weighs about 3 pounds total.
Will this stick to rolled canvas paper?
How many squares are included in the package?
would this hold rolls of bulletin board paper...5 ft. tall
May i know the package weight and dimension?
How much weight can this hold?
What is the weight capacity of this item?
Would 4" diameter mailing tubes fit in the openings? Thanks
Can you use other labels to print on other than Brother?
Anyone get this to print with Endicia for Mac? We did it by printing to 4x6 size at 80%. but I would like to print at 100%
Does this have wireless networking?
does it work with USPS
can it print usps labels?
I cannot use another brand label. I have some labels which I could use on my old printer Zebra but not on new brand Brother, Why?
what is the paper rolls used? what sizes available?
Can I use this to print over regular labels or need to be thermal paper label?
Can this print in "Banner" mode, allowing me to do a 30" long print?
does this work with windows 8?
Can this "scan to email"? Is there a way to do this with this device?
What organizational software are people using? Any thoughts?
Compatibility: i see there are mac and windows versions-- does anybody know if you can get one to run both?
Can I scan &amp; send you what the stamp is to say once I place my order?
How do I contact you for customization?
How many characters will it hold and print clearly?
How do you fill the customized stamper with ink?
what is last year it will print?
Need a single line in imitation of handwriting in red? Do you have a font?
I have a website address that is long. It has 34 characters. will it fit on one line?
What is the maximum number of characters per line? I have a very long street name.
Is this a good stamp for one line with name, 14 pitch
Need a single line in imitation of handwriting in red? Do you have a font?
Does this charger work with the PT-D200?
does it work with PT1280
is this an authentic Brother branded AD 24 adapter?
Does it work with a Brother P-Touch 1170?
Does this charger work with the PT-D400?
Bought a Brother PT-D200, but it does not include the power adapter. I have one that is 12 volt. The port on the P-Touch reads 9 volt. Can I use it?
And what about the output pin polarity (center pin + or -)? The description and the pictures do not show.
Is this product made by brother or is it a knock off?
Is this the adapter that fits in the Brother D-200 carry case? If not, which adapter fits in that case? Thank you!
How long is the cord?
Will this print double-lined lables?
can you use TZ tape with this machine?
can you label speaker wires, or electrical wires with this labeller?
What does PT-65 do that merits much larger price than PT-70?
Can I purchase refills for the PT-70 from you?
Can I purchase a refill from you?
Does it come with the clear tape or the white tape?
Can you buy a case
does it come with the tape
can you use it to label clothing?
Can anybody tell me if this phone can accept an extended cord?
Is this phone digital?
What does the ringer sound like?
Does it have caller ID?
is the phone white or ivory
can you program this phone with speed dial numbers?
Is it analog or digital?
Does this phone work without the PBX - using regular home line?
Does this phone have external power or does it depend on the RJ-11 providing power?
Does the Panasonic KX-TS4200B 4-Line have a backlit display?
Will this phone work with non-Panasonic phones on the extension lines, or even other Panasonic models?
i have 4 separate lines, each with its own jack, the phone has 4 hose.. can I just plug the lines directly, each in a hole?!
Does the phone system has answering machine function?
Will any cordless phone work with this system or would you have to purchase all cordless phones?
Does this haves transfer feature?
If you have three phone lines in the office,does phone line roll over to second line?
Does anyone use this phone for home/office near a desktop computer, monitor, or hub/router/switch? If so, does it pick up RF noise?
IS the ring tone loud and sound like a ringing telephone?
I need a clear, large Caller ID. Is this the one?
is it a wall phone
is it wall mountable
Does this unit have its own internal answering machine or is the "message waiting" indicator for the phone company's message service?
An A/C adapter is not included, which adapter would I need to purchase to prevent having to constantly replace 4-AA batteries
does this phone have a headset jack?
my drawer is 93/8 inch deep. will this work?
does it fit 15" length drawer?
the drawer is 12 inches wide will this fit ok
will the frame fit a drawer that is 13 inches wide?
I want to set this frame on my desktop to file as I go throughout each day. Would that work or does this have to go inside the file cabinet?
It says "2 count", does that mean two as in front and back, or does it come as a set of two as in, two whole sets are in a package for two drawers?
my drawer is 21.25" deep. can i just cut the upper rack to fit?
My file cabinet drawers are smaller than normal. They measure only 12.25 inches in width. Can anyone tell me if this product measures 12 inches
My drawer is 17 x 20 x 10 tall. Do you think this will work? It cannot be over ten inches tall to fit in the drawer.
Where can I find step-by-step installation for letter size hanging file frame installation
what is the expiration date on these cart.?
WILL THIS FIT A HP 952
my cartridge 78 tri color did not work on my hp 952 printer becuase the # is 6578 d. the original one # was 6578. can you help?
What are the capacities (in ml) of the 45 &amp; 78 cartridges? These may be listed on the rear/top of the box. Thanks.
is it in date
What are the expiration dates on the combo hp 45 / 78 ink cartridges?
What is expiration date?
is it for hp officejet k80xi?
Can you please clarify th expiration date on the cartridges?
will this fit a HP Deskjet 930C printer?
Is there any chemical odor associated with the liner or wheels on the cart? Previous carts that we owned have had terrible chemical odor to deal with
Can you drag cart up 3 or 4 steps without damaging wheels?
What are the dimensions of the versicart?
How many bags of groceries does it hold?
If the bottom of the basket is an "x" shaped metal frame, is that enough to support a few gallons of milk in the bottom? Or do they tip/fall?
do you push it or pull it?
How much does it weigh?
Do you think this cart would fit into one of Walmarts grocery baskets while shopping..and still have room for your groceries? I use a taxi cab so can't leave it in a vehicle. Thanks.
Is this cart something one could easily take onto a bus once full after grocery shopping? Or would it be too obtrusive?
How much does it weigh? Would it be sturdy enough to pull up 4 steps or would the wheels break or come off from the pressure?
I need a heavy duty cart that will hold up to 20 money bags (sometimes full of change) What is the weight limit on this cart?
Is it really only 4.1 pound ?
How large are the rectangular holes on the walls and floor of the cart? If I put an apple in the cart could it fall out? What about a peach?
What are the dimensions?
Can the wheels be switched for more heavy duty ones to carry more weight?
Are the rear wheels made of rubber as in the picture?
how much does it weigh?
Does it fold up?
What are the actual assembled dimensions?
Compatibility with Windows Vista??? any users?
Receipts into QuickBook 2008: Not computer savvy, if I scan a receipt for business purposes, can I direct it into Quick Books' sub-catagories initially or does it go into a Paperport type setting and I have to move it or something?
Business Card Scanner too? Is this scanner similar to neat receipts &amp; card scan in that it will allow me to scan contact info from business cards into Outlooks 2007?
My scans are getting really light. Do I need to reinstall something?
I am looking for a scanner to scan 8 x 10 pictures, will this scanner produce clear pictures?
Compatable with Windows 7? Is this compatible with Windows 7?
Duplex? Does the scanner scan duplex (double-sided) or do you need to feed the sheet twice?
Compatibility with Windows Vista??? any users?
Does this phone require an available power outlet?
Does this phone require a battery?
Headset Jack?
can you put line 1 or 2 on hold? And does this phone have a speaker?
Can the ringer be turned off?
The lights next to the line being used doesn't light up. It looks like it should. Is my phone broken or do (what looks like) small red bulbs not light
Does this phone allow you to set up a ringtone for each individual line? Like have one ring tone for Line 1 and another for Line 2?
Does it has a speaker phone feature???
Does this phone have 2 phoneline jack inputs or just one?
Does it have an intercom?
is the phone cord included?
Is this a wall mount phone?
How well does the speakerphone sound? Is it line-powered, or does it require batteries? Thanks.
Is the phone able to set up calling people with one button? What are the M1, M2 and M3 buttons for?
Does this phone has a data port besides the port for the landline itself?
Is the back-up power supplied by a battery? If so, is the battery non-standard OR conventional (AA, AAA, et al)?
how long is the phone cord and handset cord? Thanks.
Do you need to plug into an electrical outlet in addition to phone jack?
WHAT is the REN on this phone?
what is a 2 pin cord?
does this work with android tablet? Thank you.
how does it charge? does it have a charging cable or just plug it into the wall?
How do you play DSLR photos, Mac book movies, and anything from iPhone 4/4s or iPads?
i there an sd card slot or will I need to use a usb sd card adaptor
Does it work with an ipad? Will it show a slide show from my ipad?
Does anyone know the number of amps this projector draws? I am assessing if I can power the projector from my RV battery when no AC is available.
How loud is the fan on this projector?
Can you use this to stream Netflix from an iphone 5?
would it be good to use for showing words to songs at church
I want to get this for my 13yo son for personal use (most likely youtube, netflix, and photos) but he has an iPhone 5s. Will it work?
I have the TG1032 base unit. It came with two handsets. Can I add two more of these handsets? Will it work?
Does this work with the KXTG1031S?
does this thing have an answering system or not? Does anybody that owns this product use the answering machine part?
I just bought and extra phone and it is not being recognized. I had six phones in the past but now I am down to five. Can i just reset the main one?
Does the KX-TGA 101S work with the base you have advertised?
Does this phone (Panasonic KX-TGA101) work with a Panasonic KX-TG6533 system?
Can I set the intercom code for this phone? My system currently has 4 phones numbered 1 - 4.
Battery life?
two ports on the back or not
Dropped calls on Panasonic phones: Is there a difference between rechargeable batteries and regular Duracell or Everyready Energizer batteries?
Does it work with AAA batteries?
Does it have caller ID
can you use a head set on this phone
Can you block telemarketers with this?
Does this phone have a "ringer off" feature?
Does the hansets have a phone jack for hans free?
speaker phone
Headset Jack? I see Amazon is marketing this for a combined sale with a headset -- but does it have the headset jack?
Remote answering system: Can you call and retreive your messages when you're away from home?
answering machine which beeps: Does anyone know of one which is available.
Can this phone be wallmounted?
how can I get another phone to add to this system
Belt clip for Panasonic KX TG6051M: Does anyone know if this phone comes with a belt clip?
Can the ringers be turned off? Can the ringers on the handsets be turned off?
Wall Mounted: Is this true and does the unit jut into the room?
Can I Turn Off the Ringer fir Nighttime? Can anyone answer this question for me?
Will non-Panasonic headset fit the headset jack?
Time display goes behind the real time: Does anyone else notice that the time on the headsets goes behind the real time by several hours?
Does the panasonic TG254SK and the TG7644 have speakerphones on all handsets. What are the differences between these two models?
Message light on Panasonic DECT phones: Does the message light indicate voice mail messages as well as answering machine messages?
How to silence ringer without picking up the call?
Does this phone have a flashing light to indicate a voicemail waiting?
Safety / Exposure concerns: Any thoughts or research done by you all, before I go and buy this?
Does this phone have a hands free port?
Do the extra hand sets have to be plugged into a phone jack or can they just be plugged into the electrical outlet like some others?
How tall is the phone when it is in its base?
Are you able to set a beep to indicate there is a message
What does ECO on the display mean. Nobody can hear me when I call out or receive a call
Will it keep record of missed calls?
How many handsets can you add to this phone system?
Does this phone have MWI (message waiting indicator)?
Will the 6 .0 cordless experience problems with an AT&amp;T micro cell system?
headset capability? Does this phone have a headset capability?
Can you turn off the talking caller-id?
can you associate a different ringer tone with each caller?
Display is not showing info
mute function: i'm interested in purchasing this phone but am specifically looking for one with a hold function. does this have it?
Sound quality: Can I get comments about the volume and sound quality of this phone?
Want to use this phone in ASIA if set comes with universal adapter: Hi, does anyone know if the AC adapter that comes with set( Panasonic KX-TG6052B 5.8 GHz Cordless Telephone ) is universal or not?
Does HP G4050 Scanjet work on Windows 8?
Does the G4010 work on Windows 8?
Will this scanner scan 4X4 slides?
Does it operate on the Windows 7 system?
4x5 film positives on the HP Scanjet G4050 Photo Scanne: Hi, my name is Ted-- will I be able to scan 4x5 film positives on the HP Scanjet G4050 Photo Scanner?
does this scanner scan 11x17 documents?
Is a template kit the same thing as the negative holders?
What are the dimensions of the scanning bed glass?
cleaning
What is the largest size negative or transparency that this will scan? Will it scan 8x10 film? Will it scan film smaller than 35mm?
Does this work with Windows 7?
Can you add watermarks with this scanner?
Will this operate without hooking it up to a computer? If you have to hook it up to a computer I need it to be a usb port.
Does it come with the High Speed USB 2.0 cable?
MAC comopatability? Does anybody know whether this can be used with MAC?
power adapter-- will it workwith 220 volts? Does anybody know if it supports dua voltage?
Can I use a fax machine with this product? Can I hook up a fax machine to this router and get faxes on a skype my number?
how can I adjust the handset volume?
I need to buy SPH200D whole sale..!!! can anyone help: can anyone help This is a crazy price.
Vonage &amp; Skype: Can I plug my Vonage adapter in to this system as if it were my land line?
Netgear Skype Phone SPH200D &amp; new Apple "N" Router: Will this Skype phone work well with this new router from Apple?
Caller ID SkypeIn Issue: Has anyone had problems with the last two digits being cut off on incoming SkypeIn calls?
Will this work in Japan? Can I use this in Japan without getting into trouble?"
Does it have a vibrate mode?
how wide is the bottom part of the U shaped caster when sides are folded up? and how tall are the sides of the U bracket when folded upward?
How tall are these wheels?
does this work on luggage
how many come in the set
do these go back and forth or turn all the way around?
What's the difference between HP 27 Black Ink and HP 56 Black Ink? I got a officejet 5610 all-in-one printer and don't know which ink i should get.
What printers are cartridges 56 and 57 for?
What is the expiration date on these please? Thanks.
WHat should I do if I bought a twin pack, and one of the two cartridges is not working? I opened the second one, tried it and the printer worked fine.
Is this item in the original package as shown in the photo?
does this cartridgwe work with HP Office Jet 6110xi
is this product expired?
I was wondering if anyone knew if this would work on my hp psc 1300 series? (i tried checking through their list but i couldnt find it, thanks!)
HP L7580: Print using only black ink cartridge? Is it possible to set up the HP L7580 and/or it's software so that it defaults to printing only with the black cartridge?
Is there an adapter that would make my LHP7580 Pro All in One wireless?
where can I get the drivers to download to my mac
Do they peel off easily or do they leave sticky residue?
Can the writings (using permanent markers) be erased
Do they adhere to containers that are already frozen?
Can I use these for plastic and glass storage containers in the fridge?
Why would these be better than freezer tape, which is easy to use and comes off easily?
I want labels that will stick on ziploc bags to label cross stitch floss. Will these stay on well? If they peel off easily, they won't work.
Will these stick to omaha steak vaccum seal meat
Is the paper roll the labels are on slightly wider than 1"?
Do these labels stick to wrapped meat in plastic? Like say Brats and stuff?
What are the size of the labels it does not say ?????
Do they stick to plastic bags?
Do these labels fit the Vintage Tupperware Freezer Label Dispenser?
Are they easily removable?
how many in box
how many are in a box?
Can these be used as an everyday dry erase eraser (i.e. without adding water)? Or more designed for a thorough board cleaning (w/out using cleanser)?
What makes these erasers different from just a sponge (that's what they look like)? What scientifically speaking makes them special?
Can you wash them when they full of marker
Would this work on glass (a window)?
Does this sponge works for smooth furniture surface, also what about pen marks on painted wall surface?
I got it last week &amp; used 5 days.Today washed in luke warm water &amp; the blue and white is separating out.Anyone had this issue? Remedies please?
Do they work on elite screens?
How long do they last? Can I get a pack of 2 for the whole school year or should I buy more?
What is the size of one of these?
Can you use these erasers for laminated calenders as well? Thanks!
How do I let the maker know what to put on the lines?
How many lines of text and characters per line will this stamp accommodate?
Can the ink pad be re-inked when dry?
HOW WOULD YOU BE ABLE TO ENDORSE A CHECK
WHAT IS THE FONT SIZE MAX? WILL SIZE 38 FONT BE OK?
What is the size of the stamp area
Am i able to include 5 lines of text? If so, what price would this be?
The stamp I need has 4 separate lines, and 30 characters on the longest line. Will this stamp accommodate my needs?
CAN YOU PUT MY LOGO ON IT
Where do I enter the information to be printed on the stamp?
Can I upload my own logo with address, or do you have to type in the lines. I want a fully-custom uploadable product.
When do you ask me what I would like on the stamp i.e., name and address:
I would like the manufacturer to say for sure if you can do 4 lines of text.
can one of the lines be my signiture?
Can cursive be used?
Can you include a line to separate your name and the address in the design?
I will be using this for return address for wedding invitations, what type of graphics do you offer? flowers? modern?
Can they use 12 pt. type in the address line?
When do I customize this stamper in the ordering process?
Is the ink permanent?
Can you tell me stamp Impression Size?
how is this stamp reinked when the ink runs out that is in it when you get it
What year does the stamp start?
Has anyone used this on material other than paper, such as brass or plastic?
does ink comes with the stamp for month and date
I see 1999 on there. So, what year does it end, or how many years left till the year is outdated?
I need something I can slide out of the way when not in use - will this scratch up my desk?
Is the tray usable off the edge of the desk surface, or does the case need to be placed back from the edge so that the keyboard tray is supported?
IS there room for a mouse?
Does it have enough room in the drawer to put a gel pad in front of the keyboard?
Is it made of metal or plastic? Or a combination?
Is the back of the unit open so I can attach cord(s) to devices inside the drawer?
The tray seems to be stuck. The tray won't slide out more than a couple of inches. Any suggestions to release tray?
will this fit gaming keyboards which are in general, larger then normal ones? in particular i want to know if it will fit the Corsair Raptor K50
What are the outside dimensions of the unit. I have limited space and I hope i will fit. Thanks Ed
How many punching slots for this Fellowes Binding Machine, Comb, Pulsar E 300, Electric, with Starter Kit (5216701)?
Is this Fellowes Binding Machine, Comb, Pulsar E 300, Electric, with Starter Kit (5216701) for US Letter (19 punching holes) or A4 (21 punching holes)
Will this machine bind on the 8.5" side of the paper and are combs available in the 8.5" size?
need Fellowes Binding Machine A4 manual type (non-electric) for A4 paper (21 punching holes), do you sell this? Pls let me know the price.
Is there is a AC/DC adapter (eg.electrical voltage input between: 100 - 240v ~ 1.5A 50-60Hz and output voltage will depend on the product requirement?
Singapore standard voltage in Singapore is 220V/240V, 50 Hz.. Can this binding machine be use in Singapore?
Is this good for large volume or only infrequent use
Can you bind any size booklet up to 11 inches with this machine?
Can this machine punch thick laminated pages?
It can use for spiral?
Can you use the wire combs with this machine, or does it only use plastic ones?
Star 150 &amp; Pulsar 300 - how do size, quality, &amp; function compare? Is punching mechanism metal or plastic?
WILL THIS PUNCH VINAL SHEETS CLEANLY
Can the machine punch holes in leather book covers
Is it easy to take a bound 'booklet' apart and rebound it? Suppose you discover you've made a mistake and want to correct a page.
Do the GBC combs fit this machine? My GBC broke but I have a big supply of their combs.
plastic
Can you write on these with pen, or does the ink smear off? Thanks!
Are these flags the refills that go inside the pens/highlighters?
In the heading it says there is a bonus pack of two more colours..is that true does it actually come?because in the headaing it says only 8 dispensers
Are all of the flags .5"?
What is the distance between the front and back columns? (Not the 16 inches between left and right)
I can only about 3.5 to 4 inches high as this will be used under my flat screen in a cabinet and I want to put my cable box or DVD PLAYER UNDER IT.
How much of the black platform is solid material? It is listed at being .875 inches tall. Once you go past the lip with the 3M logo is it mostly air?
Will the 3m extra wide fit my keyboard and mouse?
depth
What is the depth of this product? The product description says 13.8", but it doesn't look that deep.
I use this stand for a wide PC monitor. I want a 2nd for my old eMac &amp; put the 2 side-by-side on a sturdy desk. Problem: eMac is 50 lbs. Would it hold the eMac OK in very calm site???
How wide is this product. We need it to be no longer than 26 inches. Thanks
Are additional risers available for this product if I needed even more height?
Would this work for a 42" Flat TV
Are the file holders removable?
What are the corresponding dimension- H, W, &amp; D? I need to hang legal files &amp; store company checks. Would you recommend?
Would this be ok outside if it got wet? No rain here in the desert but my patio has a misting system, so it might get misted. (I want to store something other than files in it)
Are hanging files included?
How do You set the combination on this Vaultz locking chest.
How much does this item weigh? Product Information says 1 ounce, which can't be right...
is this box fireproof
Is It HIPAA Complient?
is this sturdy enough to sit on?
Which one of the dimensions is the depth? (front to back) Thanks in advance.
I'm looking to do book marks, will this work? I can print 4 to a sheet, then can I use this machine to laminate them?
hello there, is this machine compatable with 220 volt supply?
How do you reload a new cartridge?
Will this machine laminate only the top side of a document if one of the rolls is removed?
What is the difference between this Ezlaminator and the xyron 900 create station? The creatopia looked really cool...why is it discountinued?
How long would you say a refill cartridge lasts? I know it depends on projects, but just curious. They seem expensive unless 1 lasts a long time?
I've had this machine for years. Works great. Unfortunately the film doesn't work with dry erase markers as I had hoped. Ideas?
Epson 1400 versus Epson 1800: Does anyone know how the 1400 and 1800 compare?
Black &amp; White Photo Printing: What are your experiences printing B&amp;W's with this printer?
EPSON Photo 1400 Ink drops on portraits: Got as a gift in Christmas 2007 ...Stopped using because of ink drops on pictures...Quit using went back to my HP 6180 What's wrong...?
Can the 1400 run with Mac OS 10.8?
Why would someone pay $800 for a $395 printer. Am i missing something here?
Where can I find Profiles for the Epson paper &amp; ink. Epson no longer has them on web site.
continue ink sistem?
how to print black &amp; white photos? How can I print 11x17 black &amp; white photos on the Epson 1400 without getting an ugly dark green where areas are supposed to be black?
Does this back light stay lit?
Can you set the alarm at different time for each day?
What are the 4 alarm sounds?
How loud is the vibration noise? Would it disturb others seated next to you?
Can it be set like an alarm clock to remind of medication times or appointments?
Once set, can you carry it in a pocket without it losing the settings?
do you have to wear it? I worry that my son will lose it during the school day, but if we had it on the table for homework, it might be ok?
What battery does it use. If not standard AA or AAA, how long does it last?
What are the dimensions?
How well would it fit in a jeans pocket?
How well does it fit in a jeans pocket?
Can it be kept in a jeans pocket and the settings locked?
Can this be set for 6 to 8 hours so it can be used as a quiet alarm clock?
I just received this cash box but there's no money inside it, as pictured. Did anyone else's arrive empty? Thank you.
Will the lid of this box (where the billed are kept) fold open completely.... so top of box lid is touching the table?
Do the bills stay in place?
What are the dimensions when laid open flat out? Also does the change stay in the compartments in transit?
can i buy extra keys i misplaced mine!
Seriously, no laughing matter. R there money included in the cash box? The pic is misleading n confusing. It didn't say 1 way or another. Pls confirm
approximately how many bills can be held in each compartment. thanks
can you leave the spring clips up=so that it's faster to put money in.
Why would I get a box with the key locked inside? Cant even open it..
Can I get replacement springs for the money clips? Mine keep breaking off, therefore making the cash box unuseable! Thanks, Julie
does it have the spice tumeric
What are the EXACT measurements of these? (If they are about 1 inch high, then that means they are about 4 inches wide. Seems HUGE.)
What are the dimensions of the individual labels?
Does it also include the labels shown in the second picture for pasta, rice, etc
do they come in white lettering?
Do they come with any blanks?
What size are they
are these the cling on plastic for easy removal or a tape like sticker
What size is this lettering and what font is it?
how many in pkg?
Are these labels easily removed without leaving residue?? Thank you.
how many labels are there?
How many labels per package?
what is the real phone size?
Does the receiver sit well into the base headset "holder" thing when on the wall? i.e. does it ever fall off or slip off?
Are the keypad tones compatible with modern phone menus (press 1 for this department, enter your account number, etc.)? The last one I bought is not!
How long is that non-removable cord? (I assume that the non-removable cord is the cord for plugging this phone into the phone jack int he wall.)
Does it have the speaker feature?
Is depth accurate at 3" with handset? I need a phone with low profile. Are other dimensions accurate too?
are the numbers backlit? thanks.
CAN YOU ATTACH A 25 FT CORD TO HAND SET
Does the phone work when the power goes out?
Can you replace the cord if you want a longer one?
Is this made in China
Does it work with AT&amp;T Uverse service? Does it require some sort of filter to work with that?
can this wall phone be connected to a dsl filter plate that used a 3" cord to connect the phone to the wall?
I need to look at back of phone. I have a plate which the phone attaches to by sliding up and into Rj11 plug. Does this phone operate the same way.
will this phone work with digital phone service?
Will it work with Verizon Fios?
Why does this phone need batteries?
Does anyone else get a radio signal over the phone?
Panasonic KX-WP1050E Is this phone compatable with Skype today. I note that many Skype users in 2011 found these certified phones non-functional with
Why so super expensive? My question is whether this i realy worth the cost?
using in Mexico: Can we use a skype phone and connect it to the computer to get access to internet so we could use the phone if there is no wirless?
Using this phone overseas: Does anyone know if this would be a cost effective solution if I am currently residing in the US and traveling to India?
Is the panasonic kxtg302 phone compatable with the kxtga300B
Is battery pack included?
DOES IT HAVE A HEADSET JACK?
CAN YOU BLOCK PhONE NUMBERS?
I have a two unit Panasonic KX-TG3031B, will this single unit work with what I already have?
Is this real Leather
how many pages not including front and back?
Is this refillable?
Does this mean 256 pages or 512 (front and back)?
Is this product brown or red? The picture shows brown but the description says red. Please clarify. Thanks
is this college ruled or wide ruled?
Is this journal college ruled or wide ruled?
refill
Are the pages lined? What color does this look like.
Is this really made of REAL LEATHER? I see a lot of items from this manufacturer in Faux Leather.
Can you use this marker on a whiteboard and erase it?
I would like to use these on clothes to temporarily write on them, does the ink come out completely in the wash or does it leave a "shadow"? Thanks!
Will this work on something that has been laminated? Both write on and clean off the laminated surface.
will it work on dry erase boards ?
Can these be used on dry erase boards
How many are in this package...it appears to be 1 form only.
Does this come with a summery form to send into the IRS?
Are these for 2014?
It doesn't indicate a year...can that be typed in?
Are these for 2013?
Are these for 2014? Date of inquiry 9/24/14
Are these on carbonless paper for use without a printer
can anyone confirm if this has a glossy side??? a reflection of light? thanks
I'm looking to use spray on adhesive to put my posters on. I dislike frames that clash with my colors and unnecessary glass. Does this suffice?
WHAT SIZE ARE THEY?
Anyone: Is this paper gloss finish on one side or are both saides a flat white?
dimensions?
What does the 7 in the 7 x 1/8 refer to. The diameter, the radius, the length when the band is laid against a ruler without stretching?
Are they reusable?
Has anyone used these for securing bouquets of flowers?
Will these work around on small bathroom trash can? (aprox. 2 gallon sized)
Do these fit 13 gallon kitchen trash cans, or are they too small for that?
are these bands covered or just big rubber bands
Customizing Info? Is this just the press and not the seals?
Can I just get the address &amp; not the name?
Are the plates reversible; to enable embossing letterhead and envelopes?
Are the embossing plates metal or hard plastic?
I am interested in buying this product but would like to see the templates before making my decision. Can I see them?
Can you do a logo instead of text?? Like a Lamb?
How can I be sure that my complete monogram can be used in the embosser? What are the dimensions of the circle? I need it 5cmx5cm it is possible?
Is there any way I can see the fonts or formats of customized embosser? I can't access the form link you provided in the previous answers. Thanks!
Can we add design and text? Is there any additional cost for customization? Kindly advise!
Hi! I am interested in ordering this to make gift tags. Will the embossing show up well on 1) white paper and 2) thick cardstock type paper? Thank you
I feel I got cheated: Should I wait and see if I'll receive the 2nd one in the mail latter or should I just send the 1 back and get my money back and re-oder the single pack for cheaper?
Are these too messy for kids (ages 5-12)?
Does these bleed through thinner paper like what you'd find in an address book?
Will these right on map finished picture prints
How well do these show up on black paper?
when can we expect to see sakura come out with fine points in all their markers? The glitter marker wouldn't be good, but what about the others?
Which of the Sakura gel pen assortment is best for coloring?
How Sparkley are these glitter pens?Are these more sparkely than the Galaxy set?
Do they work well on regular heavy weight white paper?
Does it fold nicely or is it tricky?
Is this paper thick or flimsy?
IS THIS PAPER GLOSSY ON BOTH SIDES?
can it work on both laser and inkjet printer? can it be printed on both sided? thanks in advance
NetGear SPH200D vs Philips VOIP841 -- which is better? What is a converter vs cartridge?
Hookup LandLine: Can I hookup a regular land line(with normal telephone jack) to this box instead of supplied Cordless Phone?
Can the phone be used while charging? Does anybody know?
Anybody know how to register additional handsets to the base unit?
Does this phone work outside the USA? I wonder if this phone will work in Europe and Africa and what I'd have to do and pay?
Two handsets, two Skype accounts, same base station: Does anyone know if it is possible to use one base station, with two handsets registered to that one base station, each logged on to a different Skype account, and both making SkypeOut calls on their...
Setting number of rings before voice mail picks up in Skype: Is their anyway to set up the nuber of rings on this phone and/or Skype before Voice mail picks up. ie, can I set it to ring say five times before the call goes to voice mail?
Skype phone "system is restarting" issue: Is there a way to fix this issue?
voicemail/caller ID questions on Phillips voip phone: Would appreciate help on the following confusion of mine on a Skype/Philips voip841 no-computer set-up: 1.
the phone rings but there seems to be problem with mic and speaker of the phone: Did anybody face similar problem?
will this damage car paint job?
can this be used for prop edge tape
Can this be used on blacking out car chrome trims?
Is this gloss or flat black
what is the mil thickness?
I need this to protect new 12" wood beams before drywall is installed and painting will this work
Is this waterproof?
Hi, Can anyone please tell if 1 pack (1000 feet) is would suffice for a 2 bed 2 bath house.
Can I use wrap directly on wood furniture or do I need to cover the wood with bubble wrap or something, then bundle table legs, etc
would this work to wrap around a mattress to protect it from body oils etc...putting a washable matress pad over it...and then the fitted sheet.
Can you heat shrink wrap with this roll?
can i wrap this over sofas dressers etc then put it straight in to storage i live in arizona and worried about the plastic melting on to my items
how does the adjustment work? Does it have to be unscrewed to make it taller or shorter? Is it pneumatic? Thanks!
Does the laptop side and the writing side adjust in height independent of each other?
What is the maximum height this can be adjusted to?
I see the writing side is on the left in the picture. Can it be put on the right side?
Does the top swivel? I want to use it while sitting on the sofa and just swivel the top out of the way when I want to stand up.
How much weight can it hold
Does it fold for storage
How many inches are there from the floor the the base of the long rod holding the table? I need it to fit under a bed and over my lap after surgery.
is hp ink cartridge 74XL and 74 the same
I can't get this tall XL size to fit in my C4480, although it says it is compatible with the C4480. Any help out there?
Does this fit HP J6450? I'm surprised to see that they don't have a list of printers that this will fit. Thanks!
If I buy two, will the other one last until the first runs out?
does this vendor have fresh stock in good packaging?
are these expired?
Will this cartridge fit the Photosmart C5550 printer ?
will it fit the HP Photosmart C5550 printer ?
what is the expiration on the HP 74 XL cartridge? thank you
What is expiration date?
Does this register have a wheel inside for the tape to roll up on or does the tape just keep coming out of the top.
Can we program names of items in this register?
Does this register use thermal paper, or regular plus ink?
Can this royal cash register 500DX gives or print alpha-numeric receipt meaning name and product sold can show on the receipt?
I am trying to figure out how to use this machine. There is no simple "addition" button. I just want to add items up but i don't see how...
Does the refurb register come with instructions and orig box?
does it show on receipt tape "dept 1" and "dollar amt" or just "dollar amt"?
Can you customize the receipt header with a business name? Or does it just print the code, price, and total?
good afternoon information please i want your weight
does it print fast
Printer for a Canon 50D camera: What is the best home printer to take advantage of the 15MP camera?
For those who use this to make print reproductions of their artwork, what paper do you like the best with this printer?
Is there a way to get the cartridges to last longer? I don't use this printer often enough and they dry out in a month or two without even being used.
Comparison to HP B9180 and Epson R2400? Anybody know of good reviews and comparisons to the above two printers?
Is it the cl-31 color ink pigment too? or is it dye ink?
Can a photo (Non all-in-one) print regular docs or only photos?
What operating systems is it compatable with?
DOES THIS PRINTER HAVE A SCANNER
wireless
Pixma iP90v printer does this work with apple 10.10 0s?
Is this really a new model? Reviews go back to 2007. I have one that does not work with my new Asus notebook, so need to replace.
is the power dual voltage? I need to use it in Africa
do you think I could use this printer to print name badges at an event?
Does anyone know if this printer will work with a Windows 7 computer?
how many pages does it come with? can you add more?
Why wont you ship to canada
Does it come with alphabetized dividers and filler paper?
Details list that the binder is 5X7. Is it really that large, when it takes small 3X5 sheets of paper?
Does the binder have any pockets on the inside of the cover?
what is the thickness of the spine? 1/2 inch, 1 inch???
What size are the rings, 1/2, 3/4, 1-inch?
Is the paper lined or blank white
Are the dimensions 3 in x 5 in? and is the color of the memo book black?
What kind of material is the cover made of? is it the standard solid plastic that most binders have? or does it look more like fake/thin leather?
what are the dimensions when open?
How tall is this stool?
does the bottom have rubber or some type of skid resistant material that keeps it from sliding around on a hardwood floor?
Is there some kind of pattern on the top? If so, what is it? Is all the rest of the product simple white?
Has anyone used this stool in their shower? I would like to use it for shaving my legs in the shower.
Do you think this would work instead of an expensive 9" high toilet stool (i.e. Squatty Potty or easyGopro)?
1) Does this fold easily? Can it fold with one hand? (2) Can the stickers be removed easily? (Nothing worse than having pieces of sticker stay on)
Can it be folded with one hand?
Does this have a logo or brand name on it? I do not like logos thank you.
Would it hold up in a shower?
Would the lower shelf hold the weight of a computer?
What is the height from the floor to the bottom of the drawer part of the stand? Curious if I can fit a filing cabinet under it without the shelf in.
What are the drawer dimensions? Thanks.
What are the inner dimensions of the lower shelf?
What is the maximum weight the table will hold? My printer is 80 lbs.
What is the height of the opening between the shelf and the bottom of the drawer?
What is the measurement from the floor to the top of wheel base frame?
What is the length and width of the table top? Is this product height adjustable? If so what is the lowest and highest dimensions of this product?
How tall is the under bed caster and bracket? I have only two and a half inches of clearance; will it fit?
Does this table have an edge? We are looking for a similar table with an edge and NO tilt top.
what is the surface area of the top? How long is the top
how low will it go?
Is this made from solid wood?
Does the table swivel from both sides?
will this work with pixma my470
how to install the cartridge
&iquest;Whats the difference between the 31 and the 41?
I have a Canon MP190 series printer/scanner and neither cartridge I just purchased are recognized by it. I purchase 31 &amp; 30 with now issues. pls help
ink cartridge: what is the difference between the Cannon cl-31, 41, and 51 color ink cartridges?
what is the size of the lip
It's 47" width x 35" depth, correct?
does the mat have an odor?
What is a gripper back? I need the mat do go partially over a carpet and partially over a floor so I want to make sure there are no sharp carpet pins
The one that has a lip, is said to be 47 x 35. Does that measurement INCLUDE the lip?
Does the mat have studs to hold it in place on the carpet?
I've looked at various mats that have cancer warning labels on them. Does this mat?
Will this mat hold up to use from a plus-sized person? Sorry, responses if you weigh less than 200 pounds is not helpful.
Can you cut it (without extreme effort) to conform to irregular space?
When the flirted ultimate polycarbonate chair mat for partially on a carpet and partially on porcelain tile will it slip or due damage to the rug
Does The Scanner Support Batch Duplex Scanning? Can the software that comes with the scanner allow you to scan one side of 30 pages, then scan the other side of the same 30 pages, then the software will generate a PDF that orders the pages correctly?
networking -- still need a separate wireless print server?
Can The MF4690 Generate Search-able PDF files? Do you know if it is capable of doing so?
Does this cutter work on cardstock?
Will I get the exact model shown in the official pic? A customer claimed he received a different model (see customer pic uploaded above)...
Does this trimmer cut through light plastic, as in the light plastic folders from an office store?
It doesn't consistently cut fully through a test sheet of printer paper. It will seem to cut but leave a couple of scored but uncut places.
My new cutter is not shown above. It's labeled "new", and doesn't fully cut. It has a rotary cutter that scores the underlying plastic, not paper.
Is the rotary blade supposed to go up and down (it doesn't click/lock in the down position) or is mine broken?
how does the scoring work? would i need a different blade for that?
WILL IT CUT MATERIAL
Can this item cut Chipboard with a nice clean line?
Can the plastic paper guide to the left of the blade (as seen in the pic), which would be in the way of making cuts to very small paper, be removed?
Has anyone received a calendar that is updated 2013 - 2014?
Does it come with multiples of activities? (Ie more than one "Gymnastics" magnet and other recurring activities throughout the month)
Do dry erase markers work on this calendar?
I want to but two calendars but i am wondering from what year to year magnetic pieces does it come with? in the pictures it appears 2012, 2013 etc
Can you hang it on the wall?
What are the dimensions of the entire 2 piece calendar? Thanks
does the calendar go beyond 2015
What years does this calendar start and end?
Is this calendar for the years 2015-2019?
Does this magnetci calendar come in a larger size?
HI, I would like to know how long the warranty is. Thank you.
Does it come with a manual explaining how to program it ?
Is it better than FX 4500 PA/PV?
Is this new? Is it in Japanese letters or English?
Does the phone require a phone jack outlet or just an electric plug?
that phone have a ring off or no
does the brass peel off?
What does the ring sound like?
Are there cordless French phones
Does this connect to a corded phone and headset? Need to have a headset that hooks up to me corded phone for my home office.
Does this come with the power adapter?
Do I have to use a Plantronics headset with this?
So this increases the mic's volume, correct?
I'm planning on using this with a set of Cisco IP Phone 303s. Anybody have any experience with this amp and phone together?
Can I use this scale to weigh dogs on
Hi I would like to order this product, but first can you tell me if the 330 is how much weight it can hold. How wide is the scale, and is it pretty he
Does this read out to the hundredths of a pound, or just tenths of a pound?
Where is the scale made?
dimensions of the platform ?
Does the Scale come with an RS232 port
What size of platform? Thanks
Does this scale allow you to "zero out" with a bucket or other container and then weigh product pured into that container? This is a must for me.
How to calibrate this scale? I can not find any instruction or button
What are the dimensions of the platform?
Does it have a chain or is it wire covered in plastic?
What's the warranty on this?
What does it come with when you purchase it?
Is the chain pull strong like a retractable dog leash or weak like a cheap plastic name tag pully?
How long is the chain?
what is the chain actually made of
what is the clip made out of? is it heavy duty metal and will it stay tight on a belt?
Does this come with the key ring?
does anyone make these retractable name badge holders with a magnetic back instead of aligator or other clip?
is the cable wire or string
Can anyone tell me the dimension (Length, Height, or Width) ?
Can anyone tell me the dimension (Length, Height, or Width) ?
Can anyone tell me the dimension (Length, Height, or Width) ?
Can anyone tell me the dimension (Length, Height, or Width) ?
what's the dept that's with the base?
Can it be install on concrete walls?
Is it a pretty forgiving rubber that will provide a fair amount of cushioning? Or is it a hard rubber/plastic that still makes a "bang"? Thanks!
How much does this stick out from the wall? Thanks!
What diameter is this?
I see that this is refillable, but is this a loose leaf journal?
The journal says it is refillable, it's not spiral or binder is it? Are the pages it comes with gold-edged or plain?
Does this refill fit this journal? http://www.amazon.com/Eccolo-Journal-...
what is the exact thickness of this journal?--the cover? I'm wondering if the exacompta refills (6 7/10"x 4 7/10" x 6/10") will fit in this book.
The description says that the pages are lined, but are they college ruled or wide ruled?
number of pages? How many number of pages are in these journals?
is this refillable
Is this journal good for a left handed person? Does it lie flat when opened or is it difficult to write in as one reviewer stated.
thickness or page amount: Does anyone know if there are a substantial amount of pages in this journal?
will marker bleed through these pages?
Is it soft or hard cover?
Does it have a ribbon to mark where you are in the book?
Is there anything printed on the pages?
how does this stand compare to say, putting the laptop on a brick or phone book to raise it up? why would i pay 35 dollars for this?
This product looks useful but I am looking for something that is foldable so I can carry it to school and coffee shops. Any suggestions?
Does this stand sit high enough to be able to put wireless keyboard underneath and type on it?
So does the stand just rely on "balancing" the laptop? That is what it looks like. In other words, how sturdy is the laptop when it is in this stand
mStand with non-Mac laptop? What kind of laptop have you used the mStand with, and how well has it worked out?
is it portable
Is it adjustable?
The depth of my HP is 10.5 inches. Will it still fit snuggly without shaking constantly?
I have an HP laptop (2011 version) that's fifteen inches wide. However, the depth is basically 10.5, which is right against the limit. Is that okay?
I have an ASUS N61 Series laptop. I was wondering if this product would fit my computer?
Dymo DiscPainter. How can it be great AND horrible at the same time?
Hi I am interested in the product. It supports w8 and if tintan cartridges are loaded, use that time to know if I have and offer any warranty. thanks
My Dymo Discpainter is periodically dragging and smearing the ink on the disc. Is it fixable or should I try and find another one?
I have a Dymo and it does not work with windows 7 it needs 32 bits how do I get it working?
I have a Dymo and it does not work with windows 7 it needs 32 bits how do I get it working?
Ink Cartridge need a Compatible Version Out There ? ? ? (ScottG)
A previous reviewer (on April 4, 2011) stated that the Cortelco Single Line Wall Telephone would not work with a AT&amp;T DSL wall filter and rated it one star. Has anyone else actually used it in conjunction with a DSL wall filter? Did it work?
does it show caller id?
what color is it
I have an old wall phone with a base of 3 inches in width. What is the width of the Cortelco Single Line Wall Telephone. Thanks
why does it need batteries
What color is the phone?
Could this phone be compatable with a digital phone line? We were upgraded to AT&amp;T Uverse. I need to know if this phone will work on our phone line.
does this phone have a switch for dial pulse?
Why did my ringer stop working? I've tried several settings with the adjuster on the side of phone, still no ring. I did work at first, doesn't now.
Does the phone come with a basic cord?
How to print duplicate receipt
Can this register interface with Windows consignment software?
is it easy to set up menu and bar drinks?
how does the credit card option work , does it have a scanner or ??
How do I clear a carriage jam?
HP Photosmart C4280. Transparency Film without Sensing Strip or with Sensing Strip?
where can I buy the device I need to be able to scan on this machine?
why do I keep getting the USB connection error when I try to scan and cannot
how do you know where to put the photo paper?
Why am I getting error on blue screen and power don't light up
is this an inkjet printer?
Does this printer work for a chromebook?
What ink cartidge does this take?
why does my printer sometimes say printer cartridge missing or not detected.
What years does the product come with?
Are the cards different colors on each side?
is this calendar also in Spanish? It was listed in my search for "Spanish classroom calendar", but I don't read anything about Spanish in the product
Does this have years starting with 2014 and on?
what are the dimensions? I saw the aprox, but not a true measurement- TIA!
What is the size of each date card?
Does it come with a metal stand that can be seen in the second photo? If not, where can we buy the stand?
how big is it? Dimensions say 15x13 in but that seems pretty small...can someone please give me actual dimensions? Thanks.
Did they update this, I read the years stoped at 2013? It's 2104 now
Do these Cartridges come with ink?
are thye full size or tester size?
Does it work for MFC-845CW?
does it work for mfc-465cn
Do these work with the 440-CN?
Compatible for Brother MFC-J470DW?
Please confirm these cartridges will work with MFC-J870DW
will it work on a brother MFC-3360C model?
when i used the ink cartridges the printer keeps reading empty, so i tried another one and the same result.
are these full size cartridges or are they like the tester cartridges?
does it work for HP Envy 4500?
what is the expiration date on this package
What is the expiration date on this ink package taht will be shipped if I order?
What is the expiration date on this ink package
what is the expiration date on the box that i will get if ordered today
What is the expiration date on this package that will be shipped to me if I order on Monday 9/22
What is the date of expiration of the cartridges?
How to sharpen pencils?
Can these be used on fabric?
What is the best way to sharpen the pencils? Thank you.
what color in the 24 set would be used for skin tone? Or is there a separate color I need to buy or do you just use a watercolor flesh tone with the
Are these similar to the Prisma pencils?
Are Inktense pencils archival?
What is the best type of watercolor paper to use these pencils on?
After the fabric dries, can it be washed without ruining the colors?
How does the ti-30xs compare to the ti-30xIIs?
If I hit a wrong number in a calculation, can I change it without enter again the whole calculation ?
Is this calculator suitable for a course in calculus-based Probability and Statistics?
Am I overlooking the EE button on this calculator or does it have an equivalent? I've tried everything on here and my answers keep coming out wrong.
Does this calcularor have 4-lines, 16 character LCD display
My freshman high schooler needs this fancy calculator, does it come with instructions on how to use it? Or is there a website for a tutorial?
Is the TI-30XS Multiview a Graphing/Scientific Calculator??
is the TI-30XS suitable for the GED test
Does it come with a case or covering to protect keys when thrown into, say, a backpack?
Is this the calculator that GED test allows?
how much of the 6x9 space do I get? I have a small box that is 5" x 8.5" would this fit in here?
Is this version recyclable?
Is it really a full inch thick, as it says in the specs? (That's too thick for an envelope to Canada)
Are these big enough to ship a CD in?
How about assembly by a person with lower back problems? Not fun I'm sure, but do-able? Also, does the 28.5" H include the casters? Thanks all.
is assembly required?
what is the width (left to right), and depth (front to back)? One dimension is 19.5, and the other is 15.5, but which is which?
Do the drawers have FULL extension ... do they open fully for easy access to ALL files stored in it?
How wide are the interiors of the drawers? (I have some 12.25" documents to file.)
Has anyone installed a lock to either/both drawers?
Can this be shipped to CA?
How deep are the drawers (inch wise)?
Do drawers lock?
Will this item work on any average computer desk?
Does it lock in the open position?
I have a desk made of particle board. Is there any issue mounting this in that kind of structure?
Would like to use this as a "laptop tray" to put laptop at comfortable level. Need about 10-12 inches of clear depth for laptop. Does shelf do that?
What is the overall width including any hardware?
What material is this tray made out of? How sturdy is it?
How far does it drop down or lower the keyboard from the bottom of the desk?
is the height adjustable?
Does this have a wrist rest? My doctor said to stay away from them.
What is the width excluding the width of the mounting brackets? How much room of working space in which to place your keyboard and mouse do you have?
Some reviews of other similar tables said they cannot stand on carpeted floors. Is that the case with this table also?Will it stand on carpet?
height?
what is weight of table?
would this table work well to put against an island in the kitchen and use for kids to sit at for meals? if so, how many could fit on 1 side?
Would this be a good buffet table that could be put against a wall in a formal dining room with a table cloth over it?
Can three people sit comfortably at this 72" table?
is it one piece or two ?
how deep of a desk can it accommodate? my custom pc desk is 1ft deep. Can it work
use my laptop on my dining rm table. it has approx a 1 1/2 inch lip will this work? I have degenerating bone in my wrist &amp; need some forearm support
What is the vertical range of this device? How high and low can it in relation to the desk?
Is this model 332-016-BK the same as 332-026? Both seem to be Long Arm, Long Pad, and all Black.
can you tell me what is the forward back range? i.e front of desk to rear of desk. tx.
Is there a way to lock the horizontal swing of the device in a selected position?
how wide of a desk can it accommodate? I built my own custom pc desk that is 1ft width and wanted to buy some of these
Can the arm rest be adjusted so that it is in the same height as the desk surface (not to the clamp).?
This says it is a long arm and long pad, will it work for a short person? Also, is this for someone who is mostly mousing all day or just keyboard?
is it one piece or two ?
how deep of a desk can it accommodate? my custom pc desk is 1ft deep. Can it work
use my laptop on my dining rm table. it has approx a 1 1/2 inch lip will this work? I have degenerating bone in my wrist &amp; need some forearm support
What is the vertical range of this device? How high and low can it in relation to the desk?
Is this model 332-016-BK the same as 332-026? Both seem to be Long Arm, Long Pad, and all Black.
can you tell me what is the forward back range? i.e front of desk to rear of desk. tx.
Is there a way to lock the horizontal swing of the device in a selected position?
how wide of a desk can it accommodate? I built my own custom pc desk that is 1ft width and wanted to buy some of these
Can the arm rest be adjusted so that it is in the same height as the desk surface (not to the clamp).?
This says it is a long arm and long pad, will it work for a short person? Also, is this for someone who is mostly mousing all day or just keyboard?
is it one piece or two ?
how deep of a desk can it accommodate? my custom pc desk is 1ft deep. Can it work
use my laptop on my dining rm table. it has approx a 1 1/2 inch lip will this work? I have degenerating bone in my wrist &amp; need some forearm support
What is the vertical range of this device? How high and low can it in relation to the desk?
Is this model 332-016-BK the same as 332-026? Both seem to be Long Arm, Long Pad, and all Black.
can you tell me what is the forward back range? i.e front of desk to rear of desk. tx.
Is there a way to lock the horizontal swing of the device in a selected position?
how wide of a desk can it accommodate? I built my own custom pc desk that is 1ft width and wanted to buy some of these
Can the arm rest be adjusted so that it is in the same height as the desk surface (not to the clamp).?
This says it is a long arm and long pad, will it work for a short person? Also, is this for someone who is mostly mousing all day or just keyboard?
Can you tell me just how far the back reclines?
What is the width of the seat of this chair between the arm rests?
Are you able to advise if the chair heighth for the seat pan raises to 23" from floor to top of seat pan?
Where is the chair made?
What is minimal height of the top of the seat pan? And what is the width between the arm rests?
What are the shipping dimensions of the chair?
What are the seat dimensions?
are the arms on this chair padded ?
what is the weight limit for this chair ?
Does the head rest tilt forward and backwards?
Does this chair rock?
what is the range of seat height?
can the arms be left off
Some reviews say this chair is not for short people. I am 5'5", will it fit me nicely? I want my feet to touch the floor when I sit.
How adjustable are the arm rests? How many inches from the lowest to the highest position?
I'm 5', would this work for me? will the seat be too deep and will my legs be able to reach the floor?
After many hours a day in my current chair, my thighs ache and go numb from pressure from the edge of the seat. Does this happen to you in this chair?
How does one adjust the tilt on this chair?
What are the dimensions of the seat?
Does it move well on carpet or should casters be removed?
I have to sit for long periods (6-8 hours, sometimes more). Is this chair made for endurance work?
Does this chair's back tilt? If so are you able to lock it to a firm upright position?
What's the difference between this one and the newer SPACE Seating version, model 5700?
What is the height adjustment range for the chair?
Is the arm width adjustable?
what is the actual SEAT width ?
How is this chair different from the "Office Star Space Professional", which is $15 more?
do these chairs come assembled?
what is the maximum weight capacity/
Is this chairs' highest adjusted height, suitable for a standing desk station?
What are the dimensions of this cabinet?
What's the width of space inside the cabinet?
Does it come assembled? And will it hold a printer that is 17x18?
Would this be sturdy enough to hold a fairly heavy laser printer on top?
size
Can this cabinet be repainted/refinished? Is it solid wood or wood veneer?
does it fit legal files?
it says solid wood..is it really?
How much assembly is required?
Does the drawer suspension have ball-bearing rollers?
What is the best way to mount this product? I will be living in a college dorm room so I can't make any holes in the wall.
How large are the date squares?
can it go on a fridge?
Would the "double-sided" tape work on a fridge?
What if you glued on magnets to the board, could it then go on a fridge?
Can you erase the squares so that I can use it for other purpose?
Is 23" the height or width?
I plan to hang this on the inside of a closet door - how deep is the board? I have about 2" of clearance behind the door. Thanks!
Does it erase easily or does it stain? How is the quality of the gloss?
Does this calendar come with magnets that attach to the back of the board so I can use it on the fridge? I don't want to use sticky foam tape.
What size are the squares for each day on this calendar?
where is the board made becasue I will not buy if made in china
I would like to post this up on my bedroom wall so is there any other way to elevate it without a magnetic surface (e.g. fridge)??
Could the calendar be used to hang on the wall as well as the fridge?
can this be hung on the wall? that is, stick to the wall without the magnet?
How do set this up? I have the 4 black pieces that say "tape side" on them and the one magnet.
does this board have a hook so that I may hang it up with command strips?
whiteboard
What is the difference between this caculator and the Casio FX-260 Solar Scientific which costs nearly 2X more? (both on Amazon) They look identical?
does it do cube roots??
Does this product come with holster?
solar cell replacement?
How do I turn the calculator off? A button to switch it off is not on the unit.
Does this Calculator actually have a two line display? My teacher requires that we only have a one line display for class.
HELP! I cannot get out of the DEG or RAD or GRA modes. I am trying to get back to COMP mode which should be indicated by an absence of display in the mode indicator
How to get back to COMP mode? I tried MODE 0 but still stuck in DEG mode. I can switch to RAD, GRA modes etc., but not COMP. whats up?
battery?
I bought this calculator to give to my grandson to use during the SAT. Does he need to buy batteries for it? Charge it? How does it work? I need tensure that it's charged and ready to go. Thank you
Is it 6 feet high and 4 feet in width, or the opposite?
About how much does this board weigh?
Description is "Cork Board 6 x 4 Oak frame bulletin board". I'm assuming 6 feet by 4 feet, correct?
What do you mean by 2 pack rectangular, (Do you receive 2 in a box for $46.00?)
Is this mat a clear or gray color?
Is this rectangular without the lip?
can it do legal sized?
Battery operated? Not worry about country voltage?
Is the software required for successful scanning? Or can you scan to your hard drive without the software?
how about windows 8.1 ... any suggestions? and does it store and allow you to manipulate the data... eg, place in monthly budget?
work with windows 8
How does this do with scanning photos?
compatible with windows 7 and does it have software for filing into appropriate locations
does it scan both sides of a document in one pass?
Can it scan a photo id? also, how many pages can be scanned at a time?
Does it work with Linux?
Will this work with a 17" HP?
I have an HP Pavillion 17" laptop with a rounded edge. I tried a few others and had to bring them back. Will this hold my laptop without sliding off?
What is the true height of the backend. Pic looks 2" or so but specs say product is 3.5" - maybe that is the box height it comes in? Thanks.
Does this work well with the 15" Macbook Pro? On lap and desk?
What could I buy like this if I use a mouse with my laptop?
Is the typing angle of this rest comfortable for a touch typist?
what are the colors in this set? thanks
How much ink does each bottle contain? Does this set have metallic/gold ink?
what kind of ink is this? i.e. india ink. Also, is it permanent?
Can this ink be used with in a fountain ink pen?
Can this ink be used with in a fountain ink pen?
what colour
Hello - How thick is the journal refill? Thanks!
Are these pages lined on both sides? Are the lines dark or light?
Is this hardback bound or more like a paperback?
Are the pages sewn or glued to the spine?
I am looking to fit an oberon designs Journal, yet I need lines. Will this fit in a journal measuring 6x9?
Your picture shows what looks like 2 refills. Is it one refill at 13.99, or two refills, as the picture shows?
how do you replace the old journal paper?
I bought a Journal with 4.5 x 6.5 Dimensions do you sell refills for that dimensions?
I see someone said they thought it is one refill but wasn't sure. Has anyone bought it that can say for sure if this is one or two refills?
Would someone please tell me, how many pages is this, taking into account both sides of page. Thanks
Which country is this tape manufactured in? Thanks
A friend gave me a roll of sure tape recently, mainly because I was impressed with a hammer he was using, that handle was wrapped with this tape. It affords a firm grip, to the hammer handle unfortunately the roll he gave me is now almost completely...
Would this product do well mounting a laminated sheet of cardstock to drywall?
How can this be 11 millimeters thick and 2 inches wide? Those measurements don't equal each other.
Hello. Can you send prices and features for a very good gaffa tape for dance floor (Ballet) and a mate 50mm tape With a m&eacute;dium price. Thanks
can I use this to repair naugahide /vinal
Are these boards magnetically receptive, or magnetic? As in, do magnets attract to them, or is it a magnet itself?
Can these be used as ``whiteboards``?
how magnetic is it
Is this the actual stand or only the flash cards? Why does the product description say stuff about Time Cards?
I am looking to use this pocket chart during a presentation to play a game of jeopardy with about 25 participants. Would this pocket chart be ok?
Did this come with the cards? I recieved mine in the mail and it did not have any cards...
Is there anyway to hang this chart? I know there are hanging charts but this size and price fit what I'm looking for!
Are there 16 individual pockets or 4 long rows?
Is this English or in Spanish?
If I want only the stand how many shipping Weight it coming ?
I want to use this to display greeting cards I am making by hand. They measure 7.25"x5". I don't see the measurements. Can you provide them please?
Are there any fixed shelves or can they be removed?
How wide is this across the front? I read the dimensions, but not sure if they refer to how wide or how deep. Thanks.
Can the door be attached to open from the left?
Is it sturdy without shelves? I want to use it as a broom closet
Does this come with a rechargeable battery?
Is this a "TI Nspire CAS" or a "TI Nspire CAS+" calculator?
Is this a "TI Nspire CAS" or a "TI Nspire CAS+" calculator?
Can this specific model perform Symbolic Manipulation?
does this brand new one come in a box?
Can this calculator be used for the SAT/SAT subject tests?
Does this calculator have a full-color display?
Would this graphing calculator be approved to be used in tests, such as SATs? How does it compare to the TI-Nspire CX Handheld Calculator?
Does the TI-84 part of this calculator do the same thing as a regular Ti-84?
It says TI Inspire in the description. What exactly are you selliong then? Just the key pad, Just the hand held portion? What?
does the Used inspire come with a hard cover as well as the Cable, the Ti84 kepad and USB cable.
I am looking for a binding machine to make my photo proof books. Would this one work well for that?
Does the Fellowes Starlet Personal Comb Binder only use one size of comb?
Can I use 12" paper with this?
Will this binder allow for different document sizes? If so, is there a range for how small and how large? For example, 4x5?
would like to know the exact weight of the machine, since I need to Ecuador and packets can only enter no more than 4 kilos .. I hope your answer
Is it a 3-hole puncher was well?
Will it work for bigger format page sizes? Ex. I want to do A4 size paper (not quite as big as legal size).
Does this machine punch sheets less than A4 size. I want to make books, which is normally much smaller then A4 size and it has a hard cover, so can th
Will this machine handle larger paper sizes such as legal?
do we have to buy combs separately?
Can you use A4?
Can this machine bind books of differing page size, say 1/2 letter size of 8-1/2 X 5-1/2? I assume you just cut the combs down to the size you need?
Can you use combs that are less than 2 inches? and is this quasar model good for high volume use ?
Is it a two step process? Do you have to punch first, set punched papers aside for aligning or can you put the comb on and stack on the comb while punching?
Does this product work with metal combs? We usually use those over plastic at our office, so just wondering if anyone has tried that. Thanks!
What type of AC uses, (220 o 110) volts?
Does this lapdesk help cool off the computer in anyway (i.e. I saw some people mentioned it warped in the heat...)
In the picture, it appears that there is a slot in the back. Is this a slot where you could put a tablet? If so, how long is the slot?
dimensions/
is this table 3 desks in 1
Is the clip removable? I want to use a laptop and a full-sized mouse and the clip takes away space I think I would need.
Does your computer slide around on the surface of this when you are using it on your lap? Thanks!
Does this lap desk actually fit over your lap? I want something that will prevent my laptop from slipping off while I'm typing.
Can I tilt the keyboard somewhat making it easier to type?
would the fit a 11.6 lap top crome
Would this work for a book? I need something to rest a large book on while writing notes in it. Is there a bar to prevent a book from sliding off?
is it electric
Does the shredder have automatic overload protection which shuts the machine off if it runs too long or if paper jams?
I have owned 2 of these &amp; both continued to run after I stopped shredding. this is the only problem that I have had . Why ?
Does it shred those address label sheets that organizations keep sending?
What is the run time on this shredder?
Is it quiet?
My shredder is stuck. How do I unplug the jam?
does this shread cds
What voltage range does this shredder accept? It is typically stated near the power cable. I'm hoping to use at 220V.
What is the warranty?
how big is the strip, 1/4 inch or 1/8 inch
What is the width of the resulting strips?
It looks like my old one. Does this one have an extendable width--it appears to have that kind of side.
Does this shred paper clips and staple pins as well?
ANy problems with shredding newspaper? DOes the manual say not to? Thank you.
I saw another model from the same company. does anyone the difference? The other model is called "Aurora AS890C" and is a bit pricier than this one.
What is the maximum width of paper entry?
Has anyone ever had to oil the motor ? If so, how ?
what is its operating voltage, 110V, 120V, 220V or 240V ?
can I purchase the shredder serarately as I already have the waste basket?
Scan to PDF? Does anyone have the same problem?
Will the HP 56 cartridge work with the F4180? Note: I'm not asking "is it optimal," I'm asking: will the printer print with it? Will a 56 cartridge damage the printer? Has it worked for you? Does anyone know why HP says that the two are not compatible?...
is this wireless?
what photo paper should i get for this printer
does this have wireless by chance?? or can i install wireless ability some how??? thank you :)
ink cartridges
will this work for windows 7 thanks was given to me
Are these the best things to use for autographs on Football Jerseys?
How do they work on Tee shirts?
does it have apen point or felt tip
how useful is it on paper - does the ink soak through?
List Price: $13.08 for 2 sharpie markers???
Can you adjust the RINGER volume in addition to the listening volume? Several reviews on the same model sold by other companies say no.
can this phone also be usedd on a tabletop
My current wall phone has a line cord with a j11 on each end-it clips into the wall jack -Does this phone have the same arrangement?
How wide is this phone in inches? must fit narrow spot.
how does the phone line plug in? straight into the back, or into the side?
Has anyone hooked it up to a DSL filter?
Has anyone had a problem removing the phone from the wall jack once it is on? Is there a "trick" to removing it? Thanks!
warrenty
can it be used as a bathroom scale?
Are there instructions to calibrate the scale? Has anyone done it?
Does this scale weigh things as small as a couple ounces?
I am traveling and i would like to weigh my luggage before I head to the airport. Can I stand on it and weigh my luggage at the same time?
Does it come with a wall plug, because there's no picture for it.
is this accurate on OZ.
It can be configured to display in Kg?
I ship items 1oz-over 50lbs+, will this scale read/weigh less than 4oz accurately??? Thanks.
Does anyone known how to get this scale to show the second decimal i.e. 1.53 vs 1.50? The scale only shows 1 decimal for everything I weigh.
Is this item lockable
What are the dimensions of this item...depth and width and height
What are the dimensions? Did I miss something?
I'd like to see 30" wide or more, lateral filing cabinet with detachable hutch?
Is the surface of this tape abrasive?
Does this Tape have the look of masking tape? Similar color and texture? I have to replace tape on a lamp. shade falls down
Is the tape paintable with high temp paint?
How does this compare to 3M's 3615? do you have a specification sheet?
Can you use this stuff to wrap car exhaust pipes?
Is this the fiberglass tape that is very strong and need a knife to cut? Won't tear with hands.
Does the tape stay cool to the touch?
Is this tape easy to remove? Does it leave a residue?
Does this include the Cordless Accessories Module 50005521? It's not shown in the photo.
Does this include the cordless handset?
does this come with the poe injector required to power the phone?
Are They 100% Recycleable?
are all the envelopes 4x7?
what color are the buuble mailers?
Is this item blank on the front?
Do these smear when you highlight over them?
Are these rollerball tip or porous point pens?
Are Staedtler pens waterproof? I use watercolor a lot and am looking for some fine point pens to use with them for defining lines.
Can you write on transparency paper with these? Will the ink smear on transparency paper?
Do these compare to Papermate Ultra Fine Flair? Is the tip smaller or larger?
Do the tips of these wear down quickly?
Are they waterproof? Can you you use them with watercolor paints?
When you underline a phrase, does it leave a blot of ink at the end of a line?
are these pens good on glossy cards?
How long does each pen last?
Does this have a headset jack and if so, is it 2.5mm or 3.5mm?
can this be delivered in one day and whats the condition?
how do you get the phone passwords?
Do you have to use the power supply? I thought this phone was PoE compatible?
Hi, I just received the phone this phone I purchased to you, buy it came blocked, do you have the Password to reset the settings?,
DOES THE INK COME WITH THIS MACHINE?
can you copy with it
how receive a fax
what kind of ink the #
Does this phone have a 2.5mm jack? Anyone know?
How do you wall mount this phone? Is there some special wall bracket?
chime every 30 minutes? No one else noticed it?
Can you save as you scan to network server? Is this possible?
PaperPort 11 and SnapScan S510: Anyone know how easily the SnapScan S510 works with Nuance PaperPort 11?
Can it scan books if I remove the spine? Will this scanner digitize the books and save them as pdf?
Can it scan cardstock? Does anyone know if there would be problems with using cardstock paper in a scanner like this?
If this scanner scans to pdf, how can the text be converted to speech? Does anyone know if there would be problems with using cardstock paper in a scanner like this?
does the S510 scanner work with a Mac?
fujitsu s500 vs s510
can you connect wirelessly?
what about Mac users? is it good
Does this scanner upload to quickbooks like the neat scanner? Also is it Windows 8 compatiable?
Do these have the metal tabs that allow you to put hole punched papers in, or only a pocket folder?
Is there a business card slot in one of the folder flaps?
natural vs.color for school?
Other sites say these folders are 8.5 x 11, which seems to small to hold a sheet the same size. Are they in fact larger?
how do i get an ac adapter for this product?
How big is the 'lip' that holds the laptop? This one *seems* like it has a very thick lip... am I seeing this correctly?
Does 17-inch notebook fit? Does this stand fit, as it says "up to 15.4 inch"?
What kind of wheels does it use? I need to buy replacements
Is it Genuine Leather or Vinyl? Please reply with one of the following: Leather or Vinyl.
What is the weight capacity? 400 lbs?
Is the upholstery real leather or synthetic ?
Hi, would you recommend this chair for sitting 8-10 hours/day? I work from home and need a very comfortable chair. Is the seat/back supportive?
Has anyone purchased the Coaster Beautiful Molding Traditional Style writing desk with this Chair? The two seem very similar in design and wondering if this Chair is too big to fit under and with this Desk.
It looks like there is a knob under the seat normally used to adjust the springiness... does this chair tilt back if you lean back?
Some say this is vinyl, some say it is leather, on this listing it states leather, is this true?
Is it real or imitation leather on this chair?
Does this phone mount to wall?
Does this phone have extra large buttons?
Does this phone have extra large buttons?
Is this a wall mounted phone?
does it have a headset jack
you need a base for this phone to work?
Does this phone have a jack for a headset?
is It cordless
can this phone be used without the expandable system?
what color is this phone?
Can you change the frequency on the remote so as not to interfere with another one in the same vicinity?
laser
Will this work with smart board /smart notebook software, would I be able to flip through notebook slides? Thank you.
Will it work with Windows 8?
I have two projectors in the classroom. Can I use the laser or mouse to point certain things on two screens (projectors) at the same time?
The product description says it will reach up to 100ft. I need to reach 70+ feet. Has anyone tried to present at that distance?
Do I have to point the remote at the computer to use the mouse, or can it be pointed at the presentation screen?
is this compatible with a MAC?
Does this item also start, stop, fast forward, fast reverse, a video movie?
Is the remote able to click on hyperlinks or links to custom slide shows within a powerpoint?
What does "letter size" mean? I have a file cabinet and need file folders, but I have no idea what size to get.
Are these folders heavy duty or regular file folder? Need something not bendable
How do you fasten paper inside this folder?
what is the point thickness and recycled content?
I need to know the measurements of the folder itself please; I have another type that said letter size as well, but the folder measure at 9.2" X 11.7
These are not pocket folders: Correct!?
are the 1/3-cut folders "Scored above the fold for 3/4" expansion", as it says for the 1/2-cut folders?
Is 1/3 the same size as a loose leaf because I am looking for folders that I use to store my college notes
Are these made in the U.S.A.?
are the tabs assorted; or assigned: left/right/middle?
Is the a genuine Brother drum unit or a generic/compatible/refurbished?
is this a genuine brother productr
Does it include toner cartridges or should I buy them separately?
Is this a rebuilt unit or brand new OEM?
Will this fit a brother HL 4040 CDN and also a Brother HL 4070CDW? I have both prints and need two belt units. Thanks
what about overseas shipping cost?
I need the Belt unit for a Brother HL-3070CW but don't see it listed. Is one available?
This belt unit is available in another listing on Amazon for $130+. That one includes ADF Paper Pick-up Roller Assembly and Separation Pad Assembly, which cost about $20 and $40 separately. Do they come with this unit, also? If not, have any of you had...
Can I simply reset the belt unit counter in place of replacing the belt? I don't think I have printed a lot since I purchased.
Does the Brother BU-100CL belt unit fit a Brother mfc 9840?
who makes it?
is it a mini binder or a regular?
Does your child carry this around plus a backpack on their back? I don't see my son wanting to do that! Anyone find a backpack that does work?
Would A4 size paper fit into the accordion folder AND the ring section?
Does the accordion file have partitions with in it? If so, how many and what are the partitions made of (plastic? cloth?). Thanks!
Does this fit inside an average-sized backpack?
Could I fit a Macbook Air into the binder
Is it truly 3 inch? I want the 4 inch but it is out of stock. Someone said the 4 inch was actually 5 inch so I wonder if 3 inch is 4 inch.
Will extra wide dividers fit in this binder?
How many spirals fit in this binder? (The ones that have about 100 pages)
Can two of these units be stacked together (if an additional one is purchased), to build a taller unit for a monitor?
Is this strong enough to hold a CRT 19 in. tv?
when its all together what is the total height?
Is this a HARD plastic or a soft/moveable plastic?
What is the width on the inside? i need to store a 10 inch tv box
what is size?
are the highlights on this pen white chrome or brass?
Does the pen rattle when the point is out? Like the other version of this pen?
Is the grip knurling exactly as pictured or is it the newer woods crew style knurling? Thanx
Does this write underwater and on grease, etc?
is there a specific model for the refill of this pen?
Can you get the pen engraved?
Does the receiver also act like a flash drive? What capacity does it have?
Does the VP4910 have multiple frequencies? (Auto RF?) I have trouble with interference from a 2.4Ghz cordless mike.
Does this come with the USB extension "dock" pictured with the description?
Any suggestion for which SMK remote to get?; need to advance slides, open links for videos/sites. Too many options, I can't decide?
Can I open a link (to a video or other site) that is in my slide presentation using this (so not have to use keyboard or touch smartboard)?
Is this device windows 8 compatible?
how can i print just black without the color ink cartridge in
what is the ink number and how does the cost compare
5300 is on and prints..but paper is blank. Ordered new printhead 9/3. Still blank paper. no ink is present
can you make the 5300 wireless
Does anyone have a solution as to how to get the all in one 5300 to print, I have gone through the head cleaning several time, new ink ... won't print
does it fax?
can it be bluetooth
kodak 5300 won't print only copy
can i scan without ink?
printer will not power up, power supply is good
I am looking for Styrofoam only peanuts to use on the bottom of my plant pots so they will get wet. Is this Styrofoam?
what is the size of the peanut?
If I purchase the 2 bags today, when would I get the items? I am at 91204
I am wanting to buy 10bags of your anti static peanuts. If purchased before Monday monring, will they ship on Monday. Have to have by next Sat
Where do you ship from....how long to arrive to 32503? Moving shortly so may have to buy local...
Has anyone tried using these to refill bean bag chairs?
biodegradable?
What is the measurement of the footrest to the seat and footrest to floor? Thanks.
What is the seat high range?
Can this drafting stool be assembled without using the footring?
How high is the seat measured from ground?
How high are the armrests from the ground?
What is the height just to the seat? Need to measure against existing table.
Is this chair real leather?
does it come with wheels? if not, are there casters that would easily fit chair legs?
Can anyone possibly post a picture of the "bottom" of the chair...want to know if there is any additional support for heavier people coming over.
Does it come assembled
Do you have 10 of these chairs available, in black?
Can they be used as chairs for a conference table?
will the legs scratch wooden floor?
OK the seat is stuck in the tallest position-it won't go back down. Aany ideas or did I just get a bum chair?
what is the min/max seat height of this chair?
What is the min/max seat height in inches?
What is the max and min height for the seat, not the back?
What are the dimensions of the seating area?
I need to know what the highest and lowest height is for the adjustment?
Can the caster wheels be locked?
Will the rollers damage wood or vinyl floors?
Does seat swivel ?
Does anyone know offhand if there is any difference between this chair and B1691-CS aside from the inclusion of arms? Also does the back adjust?
Can you assemble this without the footrest?
what are the dimentsions of the base?
I am a 6'2" 300 pounder and end up crushing most office chairs and stools after awhile...will this drating stool hold up under me?
Does it work with Mac OS
will not scan
Can the pen scan from an iPad or computer screen?
after you copy it to word can you change, correct it
Does the pen read ISBN #'s? I want to enter books into Amazon or database w/ISBN's NOT barcodes!
Does this product recognize Arabic langauge?
is there any link for installation of iris pen express 6
can it scan to reading Asian like in Lao language
Is FM Pro9 compatable with Mac OS 10.9 Mavericks. I'm still using FM Pro 7 on OS 6.8. and would like to convert. data to new OS.
Does this version of Filemaker open version 5.0 databases?
can you make a PDF format
Does this deal include a valid Key? If FM will not accept Key - I want my $ back
Can you scan documents into filemaker Pro?
Is FM Pro9 compatible with Palm OS for Mac users? Does anyone know about it?
Synthetic free? Natural cotton?No surprises? I must know before I commit!! HELP! My career is on the line!
Can I use this for making old fashioned rock candy?
What is the diameter of the string? I'm looking for something 1/8" thick. Thank you.
how thick is it?
Does this fit the stainless stell dispenser that you sell??
Is this ready for SIP as sold or do we have to buy SIP gateway card?
does it come with software and menu?
Does it come with the dual voltage PSU? I mean 110v &amp; 220v
Does this come with sd card
Can you turn the ringer off on the phone? I'd like to be able to turn the ringer off so the phone doesn't ring after hours.
I have a dual ear headset with a microphone but sound only comes out of the right ear? Is this compatible with a dual headset or only single?
I have this phone, but how do i set up voicemail? When I press the voicemail button, nothing happens? Help!
the jack in the side, is that also for headsets or just the one with the headset picture? if so what size is the jack to buy an adapter
does it have include a speaker phone?
Does it have a back up battery to save your info when there is a power outage or when it is unplugged?
Can you dial a number using the hands free mode or must you pick up receiver, dial, then use speaker?
What are the dimensions of the phone?
corded phone: can this phone be mounted on the wall?
can this machine count used notes?
is this machine count the NEW $100 dollar notes?
bill denominations: Does this machine count all US bill denominations or just $1.00 bills?
can this machine counts bills of diferents denominations without separate them so i can get the exact amount
Is it programmable?
What size of batteries does it use and what is the expected battery life?
does it have a rectangular to polar key or function that can be assigned to a key?
The picture has purple/orange keys for the calculator? If i order a calculator will it have the normal blue/yellow color keyboard layout?
The item picture show the calculator with purple/orange keys. Is it possible to order the calculator with the normal blue/yellow color keys instead?
Does it come with a factory soft carry case like the HP site?
if it has union convertion?
does a manual come with the calculator?
Does this calculator store equations and if so, how many equations?
Does it have financial functions like time value of money?
Color ink dots: One is just the red and the other is rainbow ANY THOUGHTS?
Price changes: What's up with Amazon's price increases?
What is the page count on the 4070, please ... ?
Does it print 11"x17" ledger?
Can you use a heavier pouch?
What is the power demand of this equipment?
Does this have auto shutoff?
Will this laminator handle 7 mil pouches?
how do one gets the info--name,address etc on to the card before lamination.
Can anyone tell me whether this product has the embossed ribbon on the cover or not? First photo shows a plain cover. Which is it? Thanks.
Could I use this as an address book instead of a planner?
Can anyone tell me the size of the rings? Thank you!
Hi, do you ship to Mexico? Thanks.
are there undated diary incerts with this planner?
Does this material show finger prints easily? I currently have a black leatherish material and with a toddler the finger prints are horrible...
Does the planner come equipped with both the calendar pages and the address pages, or do I have to purchase those separately?
Is there a slot that I could store an ipad mini?
what size are the rings in this binder?
Help! I'm a new Stepmom: Please, any good advice?
Can I print directly from my ipad to epsonrx680?
Where do you plug in the USB cable from my computer?
The printer will not recognize any cartridge even those from Epson. Does anyone know how to deal with this?
MAC: How do I know if this printer will work with my new iMac?
What is the maximum weight that this stool will hold?
what is seat height in lowest position
can you leave the wheels off and use it stationary?
does this stool swivel?
Does it come in bright red rather the wine red?
I assembled this, sat on it, raised the seat, and now it won't go down again. Something I don't know? Need to be replaced? Any ideas?
How high does the chair go?
Is this adjustable and at what heights? does it swivel-please reply
Does this stool raise high enough to use at a standing work desk?
I want to replace casters with brake casters. What is the length of shaft and diameter of hole that casters fit into?
What is the maximum weight that this stool will hold?
what is seat height in lowest position
can you leave the wheels off and use it stationary?
does this stool swivel?
Does it come in bright red rather the wine red?
I assembled this, sat on it, raised the seat, and now it won't go down again. Something I don't know? Need to be replaced? Any ideas?
How high does the chair go?
Is this adjustable and at what heights? does it swivel-please reply
Does this stool raise high enough to use at a standing work desk?
I want to replace casters with brake casters. What is the length of shaft and diameter of hole that casters fit into?
How many hours can you comfortably sit in this chair?
Okay, we need to distinguish between seat height and the height of the back of the chair. Which is "22 to 32 inches"? I'd like to know seat height.Thx
Does anyone know any seat cushions that would fit this particular stool? I love this stool but after many hours it's very hard to sit in.
What is the maximum SEAT height of this stool?
My handle does not do anything. How do I get the handle to pump the chair higher?
Can the seat be tilted forward so that one could be in a sit/stand position?
Are the chrome parts of this chair real metal or plastic?
Can somone tell me the width of the base? Thank you!
can seat be raised when sitting on it?
it says remove plstic cap before assembling. IHow? If I try pliers it looks like I'll break it
What size seat in this stool?
The seat height range mentioned gives only ONE height. Need to know the RANGE, how low AND how high can the seat be set?
I notice the metal on the legs is not shiny like some that say the legs are chrome. What is the material? Is it aluminum like a medical chair? Hoping the finish will not look scuffed up too fast.
What is the total measurement across the widest part of the wheel base??
What is the weight limit for the stool?
What does this chair weigh fully assembled?
Is this high enough for a 5 ft 5 1/2 in person to comfortably work at a 36 in kitchen counter?
What is the weight limit on this stool?
What's the diameter of the seat? Thanks
12" or 14"?
How is good is the seat cushioned? Thin? Thick? Is it good enough to sit on a few hours with comfort?
Height-Is 17" the height from floor to the bottom of the cushion? Or the top of the cushion?
How was it shipped to you, UPS,USPS,FedEx?
I need 17 1/2 " height from floor to top of cushion to fit my pottery wheel, am still confused on the height I see 17" and 21" ???
Does this stool adjust down from normal seating height to several lower settings?
what is diameter of base in inches from wheel to wheel?
what is the seat diameter?
Can you lock the stool in place if you don't want it to roll?
How low does it go?
How high will it go ?
Is this chair good for extended periods of sitting, for example, at work for 2-4 hour intervals or a full 8 hour day?
I am 6' tall, long legs. My bike frame is 60"/61" cm. I weight about 200lbs now. Would I be able to adjust the chair and not rest on my shins? Thanks!
How difficult is it to assemble?
is it wiggley
Do the casters lock on this chair?
Does this chair have a back rest available?
How much weight can this chair hold? I am 225 lbs.
Are the casters hardwood-friendly?
does the chair come in different colors or just in grey?
What are the heights of back and front of sitting cushion when on its highest position?
What is the range for the seat height? Thanks!
What is the weight limit for this stool?
I am short with short legs. Does this stool raise high enough for short people at stove or sink in kitchen?
can anyone tell me what the chair weighs?
Does anyone else's extend to full height after being left alone for a while? Is there an adjustment?
Is the seat a solid molded peace or is it two pieces glued or screwed together.
What is the height at its lowest position?
What size is the castor shaft? I want to replace with softer rubber ones and need to know what size it is.
How comfortable is the seat ? Does the seat flex ?
I like the lime green option for the kids room. When I add to cart the green color changes to a dark green pic. What will I be getting?
What is ergonomic about it?
can the stool be assembled without the caster wheels, or are they fixed to the footring?
Does this swivel?
What is the total width of the base including the casters?
what is the diameter of the base?
how high will this stool go?
I would like to know about the wheels. I wonder if I need to buy the casters made for wooden floors or would the casters on this chair be okay?
What is the weight limit?
Does the seat rotate independently?
maximum height?
What is the range for the seat height? Thanks!
What is the weight limit for this stool?
I am short with short legs. Does this stool raise high enough for short people at stove or sink in kitchen?
can anyone tell me what the chair weighs?
Does anyone else's extend to full height after being left alone for a while? Is there an adjustment?
Is the seat a solid molded peace or is it two pieces glued or screwed together.
What is the height at its lowest position?
What size is the castor shaft? I want to replace with softer rubber ones and need to know what size it is.
How comfortable is the seat ? Does the seat flex ?
I like the lime green option for the kids room. When I add to cart the green color changes to a dark green pic. What will I be getting?
would this work as a bar stool in a counter-height kitchen work area?
What is the range for the seat height? Thanks!
What is the weight limit for this stool?
I am short with short legs. Does this stool raise high enough for short people at stove or sink in kitchen?
can anyone tell me what the chair weighs?
Does anyone else's extend to full height after being left alone for a while? Is there an adjustment?
Is the seat a solid molded peace or is it two pieces glued or screwed together.
What is the height at its lowest position?
What size is the castor shaft? I want to replace with softer rubber ones and need to know what size it is.
How comfortable is the seat ? Does the seat flex ?
I like the lime green option for the kids room. When I add to cart the green color changes to a dark green pic. What will I be getting?
What is the maximum weight that this stool will hold?
what is seat height in lowest position
can you leave the wheels off and use it stationary?
does this stool swivel?
Does it come in bright red rather the wine red?
I assembled this, sat on it, raised the seat, and now it won't go down again. Something I don't know? Need to be replaced? Any ideas?
How high does the chair go?
Is this adjustable and at what heights? does it swivel-please reply
Does this stool raise high enough to use at a standing work desk?
I want to replace casters with brake casters. What is the length of shaft and diameter of hole that casters fit into?
Will these fit an Alvin .7mm pencil?
Will this fit in this .5 pencil? (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00...
Will these fit a Pentel P207 0.7mm pencil
do they include the little plastic eraser cover?
Does the eraser fit a bic regular mechanical pencil
What is the width of these?
Does this eraser fit the 0.7 mm mechanical pencils (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00...
will this fit a .5mm pentel p205?
will these fit the p207c(http://www.amazon.com/gp/produc...
are there envelopes with the cards
The description says that the cards are 5 1/2 by 8 1/2 inches when folded but this is an awkward size. Are you sure it isn't 5x7?
Do Envelopes come with this item?
I want these to print invitations. Are they perforated, because the top would be the invitation and the bottom would be the reply.
Is the finish on this card paper the same on both sides (all 4 sides, when folded)? How good is the quality of printed photographs on each side?
Hi i'm looking for cardstock which has a considerable weight, glossy coating, and comes pre-folded, any suggestions?
do you a smaller size like 4x 6 or note card size?
Do you sell a glossy card stock?
Just to make sure - are there envelopes included?
2-Quetions: (i) can I print on the card using a laser printer? (ii) can I print on both sides of the sheet?
How do you print with them? Do you download a template?
Can the labels be removed easily after sticking onto surface like plastic?
Why are they for monochrome laser printers only? In other words, what will likely happen if I put them in my color laser printer?
Could i use these with my embosser?
i just purchased these- Office Max said they are not for laser printer- could the package i received be mis-labeled as laser but for inkjet??
Are these adhesive?
can i stack one on top of the other and it would be ok to use?
What are the actual cash drawer dimensions?
Does the drawer open via a link with the printer when the invoice is finalized? for security not on pushbutton without
Is the coin tray (or dividers) removable in this drawer? I only need bill slots.
If I purchase 2 items of this , would the same key open for both?
What is the size? Length, width, depth
Does it come with all keys, to lock up both the cash drawer casing, and also the interior cash drawer with the lid?
How can this be mounted under the top of the desk? Are there any made of plastic? Light weight and easier to mount?
Is this made of plastic or metal?
can i order an extra button mechanism if mine is broken? Where from?
Is this cash box fire-retardant?
Is there room beneath the tray to keep things such as an inventory list or small ledger book?
Are there any logos or graphics anywhere on this box or is it completely plain?
When you open the lid, does it stay propped open (upright), or does it open all the way and basically lie flat on the table in front of the box?
How many keys come with this cash box?
Do the coins stay in their trays when the closed box is tilted in any direction?
Does it have a carry handle
Do you have to lock it every time to keep the lid closed?
which size do you get 5-2/5 x 10-1/2 x 2-2/5 Inches, GY (SPR15500) are12.7 x 10.4 x 2.7 inches ; 4.7 pounds
Could I mount this product in my desk drawer?
Does this item have a lock and key?
does the coin tray removable?
what country was this manufactured in?
Can you say if this Cash draw can fit this other replacement draw it in? http://www.amazon.com/Sparco-Money-Lo...
Any warranty with this tray?
What are the dimensions?
how many keys come with this?
Will this mouse pad work with my mac?
What are the dimensions of this item?
I'm looking for a mat that's big enough for my keyboard and mouse. Any thoughts?
It seems like this mousepad doesn't work with my Corsair Vengeance m65...Any ideas why? I wasn't using any mousepad before.
I have a logitech g700s laser gaming mouse. I want buy this mouse pad but people claim it won't be compatible with the laser on my mouse. Any thought?
Has anyone tried cutting this? I need it to be just a little smaller, but don't want it to fray or peel.
How long do these last at medium-low sensitivity gaming (36cm/360 for me)? I've heard it doesn't glide as well after a few months of hardcore FPS gamiNG
would this stick well to a card table?
We now have a wireless Mac and PC, but I can't stand the way the mice slide all over the desks.Will this pad stop that from happening?
How do you clean this mouse pad? I used it for like 3months, and there are like my dead skins and white stuffs smudged all over the pad.
Are these pens authentic Mont Blanc Pens?
is this pen in original box? pls advise soonest
Does it come with a refill?
does this pen have any cracks?
Do these have a 3" core?
How do you shrink it
Is this 1500 Feet per roll or 1200 Feet?
Is this waterproof?
4 Rolls CLEAR Stretch Film Plastic Pallet Wrap 18" Wide x 1500 Ft. 80 Gauge is each roll 1500 ft or is it all 4 together make 1500 ft
May I know what is the net weight and gross weight for one case?
is it $47.49 for four rolls or each roll
Where is it made from?
Can we get a handle for these rolls from you and if yes would there be an additional cost?
does it have a quick claim form
Does this particular set have the Last Will in Testament &amp; The Living Will?
ANY TAX FORMS?
Does it have a rent to own agreement
Does it work with Loptop with Windows 7 and Desktop with Windows 8.1?
Does this CD work on an apple mac laptop?
Are there forms that insure that one cannot be held liable or be sued should a guest traveling with you experience 'pain and suffering', loss of life, etc.
Are there forms that give grandparents rights to authorize medical treatment for grandchildren when traveling without grand children's parents?
Is this CD compataible with Windows 7?
Does it have Rental Agreements and Eviction Notices
Is this 2500 feet of twine?
would you consider this twine strong enough to bind recycled newspapers, magazines or cardboard?
How do you start the unraveling process? I can't determine where the twine should start to unwind. Thanks for your help.
How do I find the end of the sisal twine?
Will it work in an oldfashion cor binder? What ply is it?
Can someone please advise of the outer diamensions of the twine roll?
Can anyone tell me the approximate thickness of this twine?
What's the tensil strength?
How do you secure the bottom of the whiteboard to the wall? The instructions did not make that clear. Mine came with 4x wall brackets for the top.
How easy is this to install?
Is the marker tray removable? Or if it comes unattached that would work for us too...
What does it weigh
Can you use standard dry erase pens with the Lorell Dry Erase board? (such as expo?)
Can the tray be taken off?
Can you confirm this is a Porcelain surface?
magnetic?
Can this roll down the plane aisle?
How much does this cart weigh by itself?
Will this carry a full size rucksack weighing about 15k
how wide is the platform that the luggage sits on?
Has anyone used this to cart a carseat around the airport? Those are over $60 and I was wondering if this would work? Thanks!
Has anyone managed to lug a child seat with this cart and did it work ok?
How does this work on going up 1 or 2 steps with a bag of groceries?
Does the cart come with the bungee cord or does that have to be ordered separately?
I have a 38 pound box I need to put on a plane. The dimensions of the box are 14 x 34 x 36. Do you think this will work? Thanks
Sparco Compact Luggage Cart, Easy-Grip Handle, Flip-Out Support Platform, 150 lb. Capacity, Chrome -- How well does this cart go up and down stairs?
is the ink color really yellow? since it looks like the pen is yellow but the ink color is black.
is this the "neon yellow" one or the yellow one?
I guess I got in over my head. I am new to fountain pens, &amp; there are no instructions. Where can I learn how to put in the ink cartridge?
the blue cartridge is disposable or could be refilled?
so it doesn't come with ink either?
Is there a box?
Does the pen come with a converter?
Pairing multiple phones. Can you pair multiple phones with this unit?
Hi is there any other way to charge this Item car lighter not working?
Does the displays shows the caller number?
How can you place calls?
How can you place calls?
what else does this come with? Charger? or case for sun visor? Thank you
can I listen music trough this bluetooth if is paired with my phone? or is only to receive and make calls?
Does this device support voice dialing or would I have to manually select who I want to call?
Does this work for an IPhone 5?
how do i now when it is fully charged
will this fit in a men's wallet?
Can the Casio SL-300SV store and retain two numerical constants, e.g., 0.2628 and .36, for repeated use?
does it have a floating decimal
if the batteries die the calculator does not work correct so what good is the solar power
Must you use batteries?
Are the keys hard plastic or more of a rubbery type key?
When the results are 5.50, will the calculator display this or 5.5? Teaching ESL to adult refugees.
what number batteries does it use
Is it plastic or stainless steel like the SL 300Ve?
Does the calculator have a cover to it?
Does it come with a gift box?
What type of refills does it take?
how thick is the writing? Is the line more like medium to fine , or medium to thick lines?
Has anyone used the Schmidt refills with this pen? Do they fit?
Where is the pen made in ?
Where is the origin of this pen?
Parker Pen Refill 30215: Can anyone tell me which Parker Pen uses refill 30215?
are the cartrideges clear to see the amount of ink in them
Is this genuine Canon brand?
wil this ink work for a canon pixma pro 9000 model?
Is this compatable with the canon 610 printer?
MX700 compatible
WHAT IS THE DIAMETER OF THE GLIDES?
Are they really quiet? I want to pull the chair away w/o any noise.
What is the diameter of the slide and how does it attach?
Will this work to help a heavy dining chair slide on a low, industrial carpet?
Hello. Is the part that comes in contact with the floor made out of plastic or rubber? Thanks in advance!
How many glides in the box by order?
Does this phone has a compatible handset due to its a corded system I need to answer if I am away from my desk?
Can I just plug these phones into my existing outlets to replace my old 3-line phones?
do you guys sell the power cord for model# 25423REI?
I am hard of hearing and I see this phone is hearing aid compatible and has a 8-level volume control. Does it work well?
Is it possible to hookup an overhead paging system with these phones?
How do you reject an incoming call while you're on the phone? I can't find anything on this in the manuals...
Does this phone has a Compatible Headset, blue tooth type, to be able to answer hands free away from the base?
Is this speakerphone a full duplex?
will this phone work with my rca25423 re1 25424 re1 i need call ID
I need to buy more of these phones...but truthfully I am dissapointed. Why can't we have music or a custom message playing while on hold?
How many ml of ink are in each cartridge or how many pages can be printed from each color? Thanks.
What is the expiration date for this set of cartridges? Thanks
What is the expiration date for the cartridge set?
What is the expiration date?
I have about $250.00 worth of this "02" Ink and my printer just broke. Which Photosmart printers use this ink so I can buy another one to replace my broken one
what about the photosmart c6100? it looks like the c6150 and others are listed but not the c6100
Does it support HP Printer C7183 ? Hi I wonder if the (HP 02 Combo Ink Cartridge 5 Pack) support thr HP printer model C7183 ?
OCR with this device? Has anyone tried it?
Fax - Incorrect cable: What gives?
I want to download a user manual for hp C7280 Photosmart all in one
Duplexer installation: Can anyone help me?
HP Solution Center stopped working, gray screen: Does anyone know how to fix this??
Scan over network? And other questions...... Can anyone confirm if this unit can scan over network?
Scan photos with feeder? Can you scan 4x6 photos with the feeder?
Device I/O Notification warning; won't end program: Any solutions?
Using other Software to replace HP: Does anyone have experince running other photo or OCR software rather than doing a full install of HP SW?
Where do you get ink refills? Anyone else's mileage vary?
what is the core size
does it fits for verifone vx 510?
Is it compatible with Nurit 8000?
Does the tape have end of roll indicator? ( do you get the orange stripe when it's close to running out?)
is it the same paper i originally got for my first data fd130 duo mac
I have a nurit 3020 machine. will these work for that terminal?
can i use this model Royal 1000 ML cash register?
Is it compatible with PAX S80?
Can i use this with the FD130?
is this compatible with vx520 credit card receipt printer?
I'd like to find ruled pads but these look blank white. Anyone seen ruled pads available that fit the Wellspring?
Is the pad the size listed? Does it have a cardboard back? Some reviewers have indicted it does not.
Does this fit the Mardel flipnote case?
is it perforated? how many holes does it have?
is the pad gum backed like sticky notes. I want one that is not sticky backed?
are the sheets all connected - like a tear off from a gum strip - or are they loose? I need loose for a little box for notes its just grab and go
Can these print directly on CD-R/DVD-R? Can you print directly to CD/DVD with this printer or no?
can this printer work wirelessly?
Is this printer Windows 7-64 bit compatible
printhead
canon stop working? It gives me an error every time i try to print something. what can I do to fix it?
How do I bypass an empty ink tank to print? Read on...
Can this print a borderless 8x14 (legal) size print? I'm wondering if that's true for the software for this model too?
Do I need to replace the tanks when empty in order to print? If the color ink tanks were to run dry, does this printer force me to replace them in order to keep printing, or can I just replace the black tank and keep printing in B&amp;W?
Canon Pixma iP4500: Has anyone had experience with this on this printer?
Can this printer work from a laptop thru Linksys?
wireless capabilities? I have a Mac with blue tooth capabilities...will my printer and my computer just sync up?
Any one have $50 Mail in Rebate form from last week? Can not find it any more.
MP 610 or 970? Now that the prices are almost identical (because the 970 has a $100 rebate) which one would you choose?
DVD labeling: Does anyone have any experience with this issue?
Will this work on my mac? Does this mean it won't work with mine that's now up to 10.4.11?
Anyone find that it makes squeaking noises while initializing?
can I scan more than one document
ink usage high or low?
USB port on the front? Why? Huh?
Bluetooth adapter: Does the bluetooth adapter have to be a canon brand?
my older HP photosmart is incompatible with windows vista.. does anyone have any compatibility issues running this canon printer with vista??
Canon Pixma MX310 Will this printer work with Windows XP?
Is this a wireless printer?
Copy &amp; Paste: Isn't there ANY way to take a scanned image of a text document and do a "copy" and "paste" into an M/S WORD doc?
what ink do you use?
Where is the thickness lever?
will this gonna work with windows 7?
Does it have a USB port to install a flash drive to down load scanned documents ?
How do i set it for black ink only
is the ink absorber easy to change
Canon CS8800F vs. Epson Perfection V500 for digitizing film library
PURCHASE WHERE/MAC COMPATIBLE: Where is the best place to purchase for best price and assistance, if needed.
High Volume Projects w/35 mm Negatives? Is the process for scanning negatives, saving, organizing, etc. with this scanner user freindly and easy?
Scanning large-format negatives: If I were to lay, say, 3 size 4x5 negatives on the scanning surface, scanning them as negatives, would the results from the 8800 be reliable and usable -- particularly as to sharpness(relates to scanner lens focusing)?
where can I get a replacement 35MM slide holder: Any other sources?
What settings do you use for your CannoScan 8800? What settings should I be using?
can I scan 126 film with cannon 8800?????? Now I have 10 years of 126 film.........square.........is there ANY way to scan these with this scanner?
110 negatives and this scanner: How would I go about scanning 110 format negatives?
Will this scanner work with Windows 8?
Will it scan negatives larger than 35mm? I have 2000 professional negatives 3-1/4 x 5-1/4.
does this scan 35mm slides? Anyone know if I have to stick with the previous model?
Scan Quality? Does this model scan at a high enough quality for important photos?
$100 Rebate: Am I reading this rebate form correctly?
Does it contain ink cartridges?
Paper Tray?? does anyone have any problems with that issue?
Release date? Has the release date been announced yet for the MP970?
Can this item be shipped USPS to my address in Canada
Plain paper printing: How does this printer do with plain paper printing?
compatibility issues: Has anyone had compatibility issues when installing the Canon MP970 driver in a Mac OSX 10.4?
Can you print color copies without having to use the Photo Color ink wells
Anyone having problems with the fax picking up voice calls? Any advice?
ink for Canon printer MX700: Does anyone know why in a pack of Canon ink #8 there are the three color inks and a #5 black, which all fit in MX700 printer, but also a #8 black that doesn't go anywhere?
Two fax machines on one phone line? Does anyone know if I can send/receive faxes on the MX700 if I hook it up to the same phone line that is used in another room for a different fax machine?
dpi
Using ADF to scan photos: Has anyone used the ADF functionality to scan stacks of photos?
Possible Canon MX 700 Ink Cartridge Drying Out: Will I experience these problems with the MX 700?
Can the MX700 scan 35mm film negatives?
refilling ink: how difficult and successful has anyone been in refilling the ink on their own?
Enough clearance to copy a page in a book? Does anyone know if the top opens far enough to allow a teachers edition, about 1.5 inches thick to be placed over the glass?
Ink useage: Does MX700 also use ink as fast as the MP830 reviewers have complained about?
What is the expiration date?
Please confirm the current expiration date of this ink sold by aqua2209
Hi i would like to know the current date of expiration on this ink
To PickMyItem. model number: C13T603900Deals.What is the expiration date?
What is the expiration date?
This mousepad dimenions are listed as 17.7 x 3.9 x 3 and I don't think that is correct. Can you list the proper dimensions for this? It cant possibly be 3 inches by 17.7 inches by 3.9 inches can it?
Will this help make the bump were two pieces of my desk meet less noticeable than it is with my normal QCK?
Is this good for high DPI gaming, low, or both?
How is the traction in comparison to a Razer Goliathus Control?
This is just a thicker version of the QCK+ correct?
i have lines where my desk comes together and this mousepad. it's not enough, what pad can i try or what can i put under the pad?
anyone have any idea how to clean this thing when it starts getting dirty?
Will this gaming mousepad help that much more for gaming? Especially with games that are fps, moba, and MMORPG? Ex: CS, Lol, WoW, Diablo 3.
Will this gamepad help that much more for gaming? Especially with games that are fps, moba, and MMORPG? Ex: CS, Lol, WoW, Diablo 3.
Okay I currently own the Death Adder 2013 and the glide isn't the best will the QcK heavy work well with it?
Where is the template for printing 3 x4?
Are they clear on the back as well? We need to have children's schedules and allergies printed on the the backs of their names.
What is the size of the badge and how many come in the box?
Do you print out an insert or do you print on the plastic and how many are in the kits?
How many badges come with this order
How long is the cord?
How many come in one order?
What is the size of this badge holder ?
are the cords string or elastic; are the holders plastic or vinyl
are they reusable
How much paper will it hold?
What are the overall dimensions? HXWXD?
Is there a back to this wall rack, or does the wall that it attaches to act as the back?
How thick of folder will it hold?
Can I use the 3M Velcro tape to attach this to a cabinet wall? Is there enough of a side on the back to attach the tape?
Are brackets provided that I can hang it on my partition divider for my cubby space
does come seperate or all together? (ie: can i put one up and two elsewhere?)
about how many pages will each folder hold?
how many i gonna get if i order this
Can I get different colors? I have 5 projects and want to identify them by color.
If we were to order FOUR of them, then in that event, would we receive one of each color?
The description says letter size, but then says it is less than 11" tall... can someone please confirm that this will hold a full letter size sheet?
Do the front cover and back cover also have some sort of pocket for a total of ten pockets, or is it strictly only pockets on the inside pages? Thanks
I am needing red only and 15 of them for our work safety program. Can I request just red?
Can you choose the color when you buy it? Do you have pink?
Can you please explain which colors might be shipped? I would be ordering for a boy so I would not want the pink or purple!
What is the height of the inner pocket, I have a card that needs to have the title peeking over the pocket.
How high is it?
how high is the stool?
how high does it
CAN IT BE USED AS A BATH TUB STOOL?
What is the exact height? I see various answers such as 10", 9.25", 9". We need it to fit under our vanity which has a 9.5" space under it.
Can this be used as a shower stool? Also does it need to be assembled or it comes ready to use?
What are the dimentions?
How much weight will it hold
dimensions? what are the dimensions of this product?!?
are expiration dates at least 1 year out?
Why are the boxes in the picture not 74XL and 75XL
are these original HP cartridges
Can you still purchase cartridges for the Easyshare G610 printer?
where to buy ink cartridge
won't feed paper
Does it have seasons.
What is the actual size of this calendar? Is it 18 in x 30 in? Thanks you!
Are the pieces to this calendar magnetic?
What are the dimensions of the individual boxes on the calendar?
what replacement batteries does this take?
firmware
does the phone have an audible beep when there is a new message?
Do you get the plastic storage boxes that go inside?
I see the length and width (4x6), but what's the height of one small internal box? In other words, how high/thick is 200 pictures?
Are stickers included to label the boxes?
OK, I'll be the one to ask. Is this archival safe for photos?
If I buy two small Craft Keepers will they stack? I can imagine the individual cases that go inside stack but what if I need more storage?
Can birthday cards fit in it?
Could a 5x7 photo fit inside of this box without being inside an internal case?
can you use it for photos without the internal cases?
I have some old "Enhanced" pics that printed at 4 X 6 1/2. Is the box big enough to accomodate them ?
how many photos can fit in each internal case?
Epson Perfection V500 vs. Canon CS8800F for digitizing film library
No Digital ICE with Photos? Works only with Slides/Negs? Not the V500?
Okay. Will this Epson V500 scan 120 format negatives? Nothing here precisely says that. I have a ton of 120 negatives that I want to preserve! Thanx!
Black and White negatives to positive prints? Does this unit allow you to do that?
Epson v500 - how to scan APS Negatives? Any one have any luck with scanning APS negatives?
Epson Perfection V300 vs. V500 Which One? Can someone tell me the difference between them?
can this scan size 4x5 negatives
Windows 7: Does this scanner work with Windows 7?
My V500 suddenly stopped offering slide and negative options. Any thoughts?
My V500 suddenly stopped offering slide and negative options. Any thoughts?
Had trouble getting the cover off. Now the black cartridge won't install properly. What should I do?
are you supposed to remove the plastic see thru stickers over each hole?? i am getting blank pages when i print off.
i took off the long yellow ink cartridge cover at the end, and installed, but the printer is only printing black pages. any ideas?? thanks.
ordered the Brother MFC 240C refills. after removing the long yellow cover on the end, is there anything else I have to do before installing?
i have the refills for the Brother MFC 240C. after i remove the long yellow cover, is there anything else i need to do before installing???
Had trouble getting the cover off. Now the black cartridge won't install properly. What should I do?
My printer is an HP LaserJet 1022, How do you keep track of print count on one of these cartridges?
Are the white blotches from the printer or toner?
Will this work in a Canon Laser Printer?
Will this cartridge work in an HP 1022 printer?
I can't figure out how to remove the strip to use it? Any suggestions? the illustrations are not helpful
I would like to use for wine bottle labels, how well would they scrub off a bottle?
Is this paper self-adhesive? One of the reviews claimed that it was NOT, so a little confused.
Will this work with laser printer? Anyone tried using it as normal laser printer / copy paper?
Will this work for my Epson printer?
Would theses stickers work good on a skateboard? Can they take a beating from rails and weather?
Will this paper be able to be written on with a pen?
Is there a reason these labels yellow overtime ? Is there a way to avoid the discoloration?
Is this the thin clear sheets we use for architectural drawings (i.e. adding a detail)?
I wanted to make my own custom keyboard stickers for my Apple wireless keyboard. Are these good for that purpose?
is this paper clear?
Need info in what 512 mb memory SO-DIMM works with this printer. Has anyone upgraded the memory on this printer yet?
paper jam tray 1: anyone have problems with this?
Print unable 32 error. What is this? What can I do to fix it?
Can it scan to a network attached storage (NAS) directly i.e. without a computer? If yes, what type of file would it produce? Searchable texts?
MFC9840CDW: paper feeds into the printer just fine(from all trays) but every page jams (from all trays) as it exits the fuser... initially I got a "paper jam inside" for each page but now I get a "print unable 32"
How do you reset the page counter?
Anybody Know of Compatible Toners (not refilled) Has anyone found a source for reliable compatible toners (not refills)?
What is going on with the price of this printer? and presently amazon is at 850 (i should mention that the Brother website lists the street price of this product at 699.99 NOT 1000) so my question: what is going on with the price of this printer?
How is the color print quality on this machine? I'm thinking of buying this machine but the most important thing to me is the quality of the color prints... are they as good as on a Xerox color laser?
Mac OS9 and printing (only)? Has anyone tried this?
What's the size of the box
Does it come with a gift wrap
Do I need to buy an ink converter?
does this pen have ink in it? It doesn't look like it does?
Does the cap snap on or screw on?
weight limits
What are the shipping dimensions of this item in its boxes?
how wide is the chair?
How comfortable is the chair for extended sitting? I have sat in the real Harry Bertoia chair and it is quite comfortable, but I am always in doubt until I can actually try out a piece of furniture.
Im looking for 2 bases only, do you sell the bases? and if so where? thanks!
Can this be used outdoors? How well will it tolerate the outdoors, I live in S. CA so my weather is mild, hardly ever rains. What do you think?
Hi, is this a single wire frame construction? I bought some that had two welded wire construction that were not as sting as the single.? Thank you.
Is this chair durable enough for outdoor use?
how high is this chair off the ground to the seat ? I want to know whether it would fit under my kitchen table. Thanks!
Does it come with. White seat pad?
does it make a ticking sound?
is it rugged
how loud is alarm ?
Dimensions of the clock, please!
where is it made?
does this have a snooze button?
how long does the batteries last?
Why is the alarm so quiet?
How do you set it? I'm tired of digital clocks that take a rocket scientist to set.
Where on the box or package can I find the expiration date?
What is the expiration date?
Is this a retail packaged 2 pk set genuine Brother LC 51 blk ink cartridge
Is it waterproof?
Is there access in the back of the desk for cables from the CPU/keyboard? What is the finish?
Is the back of the desk finished, meaning could I place in room with back of desk facing the room entry and the 'back of the desk' would look ok?
What are the dimensions of the slide out keyboard tray and how many inches does it extend out from the front edge of desktop? Thank you!
Is it magnetic?
What is this made of? My search and the price point suggest porcelain with grid (which is what I need); but the desc. doesn't say.
I want to mount the board vertically- is the marker tray removable? I don't need it.
Ring select: What is the maximum number of times the line will ring before the system answers a call?
Can I retrieve messages from another phone?
Is this compatible with a caller ID?
Is there an announce only feature?
if there is a power outage will it erase the outgoing announcement? I have frequent outages and do not want to re-record my message.
Why does this answering machine only work sporadically? Sometimes it picks up and other times it just rings and rings and rings. .
how to set a message .....I lost instructions.
what is the output voltage out of the transformer on a model 1739
(I own one, but -) I neglected to make sure it had a speakerphone. I assumed it would. Is there any combination of buttons to press, so when you're on hold, you don't have to hold your phone?
will this function with a multiple line phone?
Is it precise?
Minimum cut size? I heard that this cutter would not measure all the way down to 1/8", which I need to be able to do my paper quilling. Is that true?
Maximum cut size? One reviewer says this cutter will not cut a full 12" (they say it 'almost' cuts 10"). Is that true? I need 11 inch cuts. Thanks!
will this turn a htpc off &amp; on from total shutdown mode? THANKS ALL - building a HTPC in an ANTEC FUSION MAX &amp; really want to ditch the Imon &amp; use that slot for another optical drive - will have to read up on my bios
MOUSE: DOES IT SUPPORT FULL COMPUTER NAVIGATION , AND WHAT MOUSE CAPABILITIES ?
Would this work with Windows 7? Anyone have any thoughts?
How many monitors can this support?
Can this desk be attached to the 48" Bush Series A corner desk?
Are there predrilled holes on the underside of the desk for Bush's "Universal Keyboard Shelf" and if there are, are they located in the center?
what metal is this made of? steel, aluminum?
Is it 27 inches high, or 30 inches high? The dimensions don't clearly state, though I could just not know how to read them.
If i have clamp Monitor stands would they work on the back of this desk or is there no room for them?
Can the levelers be removed and replaced with casters for ease of moving/changing positions?
dimensions?
43.2 x 59.2 dimensions; so for the left bow version which is the 43 inch side?
Could any owner please tell me what the depths of both connecting edges? What are the depths of both connecting edges? Thanks
what is the deep dimension on left &amp; right side?
On this model (BUSH FURNITURE Saratoga Executive L- Desk) what are the dimensions of the keyboard tray?
I understand the product is 30.5" tall, 71.2" long on the left, and 66" long on the right. What are the depths of the left and right pieces?
Are there any drawers that lock in this model?
Silly question, but as displayed in the video, the desk is up against the wall... Is the back side of the desk finished the same as the front?
What color is this supposed to be? I am asking because I want to get a hutch to match it. Thanks!
Where is this being shipped from?
video says it has a center pencil drawer. Does the front drop down for keyboard?
How much space is there between the two drawers? I.e. Exactly how many inches of leg room.
how many file drawers are there
I need to know dimensions of this desk. Also I also need assembly that can be guaranteed - do you have this capability?
Are these pages acid free?
Are these top or side loaded?
Are these a heavy weight, light weight or mid-weight page?
Are these clear plastic so that a postcard could be seen on both sides?
Archival Safe?
are these top loading or side loading?
Could a 5 in. x 7 in. index card fit easily into the protector without trimming? Another had half bumps inside to hold the item, causing blockage.
Are these pages acid free?
Do these sheets fit a standard 3 ring binder?
What are the dimensions of this item?
what material is the cover made of?
how many pages? room for photos?
What do the inside pages look like?
does the ink pen come with the book?
do the pages have lines or are they completely blank?
can this be personalized
Will this work on a MAC?
Does this have conections plugs for recording from other source's?
will this duplicate 'copy protected' discs?
Can it copy my Mixed Christmas CD ?
will it copy movies?
Can you record music cd and then duplicate with this device?
Can you just burn like 1 song from 1 cd to make a mixed cd
how long does it take to burn 3 DVD's?
Does it burn straight from the computer?
what is the length of this pen?
What is the exact diameter of the grip? Thanks!
What color is the ink on the black-bodied pen? The other colors all come with blue ink.
If this pen comes with black ink, can I have to switched to blue?
Can the clip's position be moved?
What is the point size of this one?
where is it made?
is it available with a fine black cartridge?
Can it work with a standard Parker pattern ballpoint refill?
How is this pen packaged?
Why is it for men only?
what are the dimensions
does this have a box to go with it as a gift
Is there anything engraved on the pen? like "space" or something like some of the other pens? The picture doesn't show many angles.
Does this pen work with Rite in Rain gear - in that it writes in wet enviro, does not run, smear, etc?
Can it write on anything, for example: a stick of butter ?
what size refill fits a bullet space pen
What ink refill does this take?
Is the ink black?
Does the Matte Black bullet pen have the "grip lines" engraved into it like the chrome one does?
Why is it for men only?
what are the dimensions
does this have a box to go with it as a gift
Is there anything engraved on the pen? like "space" or something like some of the other pens? The picture doesn't show many angles.
Does this pen work with Rite in Rain gear - in that it writes in wet enviro, does not run, smear, etc?
Can it write on anything, for example: a stick of butter ?
what size refill fits a bullet space pen
What ink refill does this take?
Is the ink black?
Does the Matte Black bullet pen have the "grip lines" engraved into it like the chrome one does?
I was wondering if this stands up. I have seen other holders that are tri and they stand up. Would love it if it does.
Are they worth it?
when you write, does it show behind?
how strong is odor from the ink?
Are these fine-tip markers? Or ballpoint pens? I'm looking for fine-point markers for my daughter.
How quickly do the colors lose their vibrance on paper?
where are the pens made?
are they waterproof
Are there labels that name each pen's color? I'd like to buy this for a person who is partially colorblind.
I write with fairly heavy hand, would I be able to use these pens/how durable are the tips?
Will the lower mop bucket shelf hold one of those large rubbermaid 32 or 44 gallon trash cans?
Can you put a trash bag in the yellow bag and if so what size will i need
What size mop bucket does the mop bucket shelf hold?
Do you ship to Korea(South)? how much is the delivery cost?
Do you guys ship to Mexico?
Does this bulletproof ink clog the fountain pen eventually?
How do you make it visible once it dries?
Is this ink water soluble?
How long is the ink visible (under UV light) after it dries?
I'd like to know what uses this ink has. What function or purpose have you or others found for this invisible ink?
Does anyone think this might work with embossing powders?
why did price increase?
Would this ink be appropriate for use in a dip pen (Speedball Type C nibs)?
Any ideas why this ink does not appear on white or dark paper but glows in the pen and globs on paper but not writing?
how dose it mix with other inks
Have people tried Mustek's drivers for Apple Mac OS 10.x?
What is "A3"? It's European for "11 x 17"
Does the lid come off? I am wondering if it can be removed for scanning larger works that would be digitally stitched together.
does this scanner work on windows 7
windows 8
will it work with a Macbook Pro OSX 10.75?
is the letter will fit?
Mustek Scan Express A3 Pro, large format: does it scan into PDF?
Windows 7? Has anyone used this with the Windows 7 Operating System and with what results?
Mustek A3 1200 scan speed: can anyone tell me how fast the Mustek A3 1200 scans?
What is the weight limit for these stools? Thank you.
IS THE STOOL PADDED
A little confuse? Can this stool be used in a counter top or bar top? I have a counter top kitchen.
can use this item outside?
are they available in 26" height?
I need 4 of these. How soon will you have more? I am worried about ordering the last 2 and not being able to get the other 2 matching.
for printing does it use Ribbon or cartridge?
What size rolls do I buy?
does it come with a roll of paper?
what are the dimension of the calculator
Is the print out size larger? I have an employee with eye sight problems that needs larger print.
Does it take regular plain paper or thermal paper?
Is it corded or battery operated?
can you shut printer off ?
Does this have battery also?
does the rubber mat on top come off
Will the top surface support a 90-pound power tool, like a lathe or drill press?
CAN YOU CHANG TO LARGER WHEELS
What is the height with the casters on to the top of the top shelf not counting the height of the handle ?
What is the height of the opening from the upper edge lip of the bottom tray to the bottom of the middle tray? Will a circular saw fit in?
Would this work well as a kitchen island?
Does photo paper expire, as in not work right after years of storage? I would be keeping it in my garage which gets hot in the summer. Thanks.
Would this paper work for kodak dock 3?
Will it work well with my hp printer?
Hi is it perforated paper as that's what I was looking for and found yours in listing your listing dosent say if it's kodak perforated paper
There isn't a yes or no as to whether this paper works with the Kodak Easy Dock G610 system. Does anyone know?
is this paper for use with the easy share printer dock that comes with the easy share camera?
Is this paper compatible with Laser printers?
What is the thinkness of this photopaper?
Does this work on HP Printers?
What is the width of this mat?
what is cutting mat
Does this fit Fiskar's old model 9580 with the black bar?
Is the price of one mat or a pkg with two mats?
I have a Carl dc-100N where the measuring area is 12 inches but the cutting mat actually extends to about 14-3/4. Isn't a 12 inch mat too short?
how thick is this bar/mat?
How wide, how long are these mats?
Is this the replacement cutting mat called RM-12 for the Bidex RT200 cutter?
does this work on a creative memory trimmer?
Is it black ink?
Just bought a nice used Smith Corona with the side cartridge. Is this type the fabric ribbon? I do not want the film.
Does the 11A ribbon fit the Coronomatic 12?
I have a Smith Corona 1200. Will this ribbon fit it?
Will this fit a Super 12 model?
My mom has a Smith Corona Coronet Super 12, model # 6LEA. Will this ribbon fit?
We have a Coronamatic 2500. Will this cartridge work with it?
will this cartridge work in a smith-corona typewriter model coronamatic 2500?
We just bought a "smith corona sterling cartridge" model 3L. Is this the right ink?
How do you change the ribbon? We press on the metal tab and the cartridge only slides a little bit and not out.
What are the dimensions of the actual binder? Thanks
Need to know hole spacing. I have a document that is 9L x 6W and is 3-hole punched exactly 3-1/2" apart. Will this binder work?
Are the two inside pockets black, or transparent (clear)? Also, is the metal binder riveted to the folder's spine or to the back cover?
What is the max height the front will lft up to?
Are the casters locking? Is the adjustable width ID or OD?
how much wight does it hold?
Is it a good buy at $215( List price : $599), Also is it a dry erase white board ? easy to clean ? Please help, I need for home ( Note : Just read other ans. which said its dry erase, so its only question now :) ). Thanks.
Is the height of it an issue for anyone? I am 5'11" and am wondering if it's easy to write towards the middle and the lower part of the board?
Do you need tools to assemble?
What is the difference between this model and the Luxor MB4836WW ? Thank you in advance !
Does the $241.41 price include the stand and wheels also?
Is it dry-erase or do you need to clean it every time with solution?
is this supported by Luxor's lifetime warranty?
does this come with cables? CD? manual?
Has anyone tried printing to magnet sheets?
How can I scan 5 documents into one file?
Ethernet to router... If I just plug in ethernet from wireless router to printer am I all set and hooked up to use printer with laptop?
Do I use the networking setup? Do I need to go in and erase and download the software for networking?
Faxing Ability: Can anyone share their experience with this printer?
Does this calculator have a floating decimal so you don't have to enter it yourself
I see a EURO button, does this calculator figure in DOLLARS?
How many entries for checking will it hold ?
Are the keys raised or flat?
How do I 'unlock' the calculator. Instructions say, take out battery. I did. NG. Any suggestions?
does it have automatic shut off feature?
replacement battery?
Is this calculator solar powered or strictly battery?
how large of a laptop can this hold?
What side are the usb ports on when using this and is it compatible with a 13" MacBook Pro?
What is the length, width, and height?
What gauge steel is this filing cabinet?
Why is there oily substance in and around the wire separators support inside the cabinets?
Does this cabinet have adjustable backing in the drawers to hold up papers if the drawer is partially empty?
is the mesurement 15" outside of cabinet width or inside of drawer space?
all drawers lock ?
Is this legal size?
This cabinet is listed as being mobile, however there is no mention of it coming on wheels. Does this cabinet come with wheels?
Does this come assembled, or would we have to put it together?
Is this a legal size drawer filing cabinet?
How secure is the lock against unwanted intrusion?
What is the wattge of the bulb in it ?.
Will it kill dustmites?
How is its strength measured?
Is this unit designed for traveller? Can the power supply be use at both 110 volt and 220 volt? Can it be operated by regular AA batterey?
What are the exact measurements?
this is a six pack so you will get 6 boxes and 6 lids/not 3 boxes and 3 lids?
dimensions
Can you put letter-sized hanging files within these boxes in such a way that they hang in the box? If so, does the lid fit over the top?
what is the size
what type of battery does this product use
how do you remove the battery cover after removing the phillipshead screw ?
how many lines?
Do the games include anagram?
Am I to understand that if I am missing a letter in Jumble I can enter the letters I do have plus the question mark and it will give me choices?
Am I to understand that if I am missing a letter in Jumble I can enter the letters I do have plus the question mark and it will give me choices?
does it give the pronunciation of the words
Are batteries included
Does this work out anagrams?
Does anyone know how to change the decimal point? Example you type in 55255 would print 552.55.
Does this calculator include a way to actually print the date on the tape, or is the date only displayed on the screen?
Is this corded or battery?
can I add repetitive numbers by touching the add key, or do I have to tap in each number every time.
How do you turn it on?
Is the key impact on this calculator strong enough for 2-ply adding tape?
does it print an item count?
Does the display stay on or will it power off after a while?
Does it have a dust cover?
Will this platform accommodate an ergonomic keyboard? (what are the dimensions of the keyboard area?)
what's the advantage of the longer track over the shorter one?
Can I have the main platorm pushed back under the desk but have the mouse platform sticking out? "Highly adjustable mouse platform...forward and back"
Is this the complete set (KP200LE Adjustable Keyboard Platform with the AKT151LE Adjustable Keyboard Tray) or do I have to buy both items separately?
What is the height of the track itself? How far does it protrude from the bottom of the desk?
are the wrist rests removable? I have a large keyboard with its own built in wrist rest.
Adjust Up? Does this keyboard adjust up over the desk space or only down?
Can I simply connect it to my modem? via Ethernet cable?
Can I plug this phone into a regular phone jack in the wall or do I have to connect to the internet? Any help would be appreciated.
Does this include the power supply?
Can I connect this to my vonage phone adapter?
What version are these phones? We have been told we need version 14 or earlier.
It comes new in an unopened box? Also, whats the warranty?
Do I need to have anything else to use this phone such as an adapter
what is printed on the front?
Is it leather?
Is there a handle or shoulder strap?
Is the calculator removable?
Is there a handle or something for carrying?
LCD panel says Black-ink catridge undetected. Tried cleaning contacts with alcohol and used compressed air dusters, but didn't help.
why is my old 926 copier not compatible with my new windows 8
my printer has just died and I am such a novice at buying a new printer, if not the Dell then what would you suggest as a better alternative?
Does anyone have a tray for the ink cartridges on this printer. If so, I would be interested in buying it. I haven't been able to find the part.
I have never been able to make this 926 fax since day one and the online dell support never help at all. I even had AT&amp;T Uverse internet service peop
Paperport 11 or 12: Does this scanner work with Paperport 11 or 12.
Will Drivers Work With Vista 64bit?? Anyone actually have this scanner running on Vista Ultimate 64bit??
PDFs created by ScanSnap S300M print in negative. Any way to fix this? Anyone actually have this scanner running on Vista Ultimate 64bit??
scansnap disk is full error: has anyone else had this error after sccaning a few high quality docs?
Has anyone used it to scan handwritten notebooks? So, some questions: - Has anyone has success putting binder paper through this?
Windows 7: Does this scanner work with Windows 7?
There is no grayscale option for scanning: Anybody knows how to get grayscale?
Will it work on both Windows and Mac: I own both computers, win and mac and want to know if it will work on both machines?
Will the scanner scan at a resolution for email?
How many sheets can be queued up in the document feeder? Approximately how many sheets can be placed in the feeder at once?
Which Fiskars blades work on this cutter? I have same thing, only much longer and it is indeed a workhorse. Are all their 45 mm blades the same?
how do you change the blade?
Will it cut 12 X 12 paper? Are the measurement markings in 1/8 inch increments? It would almost exclusively be used for cards/invitations.
what size blade does it use is it interchangale with knife cutter blade ?
can this model effectively cut a sheet of stock paper that has been laminated?
Approximately how many pieces of paper will it cut at one time?
Hi is this cutter the one pictured? Is the bar silver not black? Does it have the black cutting strip that can be removed and rotated?
Does this have magnets to help hold the paper still during cutting?
Does this item come with blade?
Can you hear the keypad tones when you are dialing?
is it wall mountable?
speed dial and memory
Can this phone be mounted on the wall?
Does it have call waiting ability?
Is it compatible with an answering machine?
how well is the keypad lit? is it like the att210 where you can barely see the keys at night
is this keypad illuminated better than att 210 phone
Does it have a bell for a ringer in it, or an electronic tweeter?
I purchased it and plugged it in and it doesn't work. Cords are in securely. Anyone have an idea?
What size printer paper does it use? 2 1/4" or 2 1/2" - or can it utilize both sizes? Need to know ASAP. Thank you.
what ink does it use?
Does it have progressive adding?
Hello, Do buttons press concisely? Or are buttons wiggly? I hate wiggly buttons!
does it come with a user guide or manual
Can the clock/calendar function print out like a date stamp?
Can the clock/calendar function print out like a date stamp?
Does this machine come with a user manual, or is one available online?
i got one of these and it's impossible to load the paper. is there some kind of trick to doing this?
Does this machine come with paper and the ink to use right away?
Is this shredder size appropriate for home use? The dimensions seem large. This would be for a person who shreds a small amount several times a week.
The wheels absolutely do not go with this shredder. Is there a way to get a set of wheels which will fit into the holes in the bottom of the machine. The wheels are "useless". It will need to stay in a stationary position otherwise. Please advise....
what is shredder oil, do we have to use it, and is it easy to put in?
Does shredder go to "standby" after some time?(blue light turn off),but then "wake up" automatically if one tries to shred something? The 79Ci does.
How is the odor level of the shredder? A family member has trouble with strong odors. Thank you.
how big is the bin
i did not get a user manual with my 99ci shredder or a sm container of oil. who do i contact to get these?
Can anyone tell me how much is weighs?
can it shred unopened envelopes?
How does one install the casters so they stay in place?
Does this phone have an answer machine? I'm looking for a simple good phone for my elderly mom
Wall mountable?
Can you set the loudness so it stays set or do you have to push the button each time you answer the phone to get a louder sound?
I need to mount this phone on the wall but the receiver does not stay on the holder. Is there a button or something that keeps it from falling off the receiver??
I need to mount this phone on the wall but the receiver does not stay on the holder. Is there a button or something that keeps it from falling off the
Are you able to set the ringer to be louder than an ordinary phone? It states there are ringer settings, but I was not sure how loud the highest setting would be. Thank you.
How long is the AC cord?
What is the difference between this and the 780C?
do i need to buy different parts for this pencil to work or am i set if i just buy this?
do you carry color pencil holders or cases
I lost my pencil holder/sharpener. I use a rotary sharpener to sharpen my leads. But I don't have a way to push the leads out is there a replacement?
Does the blue barrel have threads on the lead end or does the mechanism screw into the silver part of the barrel?
does it come with lead
Does this pencil have an eraser. Can replacement erasers be ordered?
Does this pencil come with any extra lead? Does it have a cover to put over the pencil top?
What material is the blue portion of the lead holder made of?
How often do these need to be sharpened? I'm primarily using it for sketch (not detailed line work), and debating between leadholder and mechanical.
Is this a genuine Canon ink, not OEM?
How is this different from more expensive version?
Does this work for the canon pixma mg2520?
Does it go back under the desk for storage or is it always out past the edge of the desk?
I've been seen quite a few people note it is rather flimsy. Is that just the plastic tray, or is the metal bracket flimsy? I'm thinking I may just reinforce the entire bottom with some fiberglass if it's flimy so strengthen it up.
Does that little mouse pillow area come off? I need to use it with a touchpad, not a mouse.
What is the length of the tray when assembled using just 2 pieces? The width of my desk is only 19.5". Will it fit?
Does this go down enough for a Kinesis Advantage keyboard? (2.9" high)
Louie Moon - side stabilizers? is that included in box? if not, where - what kind do I get please?
How large is the attachment?
Does height just adjust under the desk, or will it also adjust height to above the desk?
What is the weight of this keyboard tray? Do you need a heavy duty desk to attach it to or will a cheap IKEA desk top be OK?
My work surface has a lift mechanism on the under side. there is only 11" from front of surface to the mechanism. Is 11" enough room to mount?
Are the HP74 and 75 Combo pack cartridges compatible with the HP Photosmart C5280 printer?
What is the copy count for these cartridges?
The 74xl cartridge is longer than the 74. Is the 75xl larger than the 75?
My cartridges were purchased in Dec and now in March they suddenly won't print
it work in printer 5500 series
when you say 2-pack, do you mean two packages for a total of 4 ink cartridges or just one pack with 2 cartridges in it?
Does this work with the hp C5280 photosmart printer
Do the ink cartridges have a good expiration date on them?
Are the HP74 and 75 Combo pack cartridges compatible with the HP Photosmart C4480 printer?. thank you
does this ink cartridge work with the Hp deskjet D4360?
How long is the power cord?
What is the height, weight and depth?
What is height between the third shelf and the top? How tall of a microwave will fit on the third shelf?
Does anyone know what the dimentions of the drawer are?
can I email you a logo to see if you can put it on my embosser before i pay for it? if so how?
Are you able to order this embosser and also a second plate with a different design that you can change out?
is this a TOP embosser?
Can you leave out the middle initial or is it required? Also, what is the character limit for the name on the bottom?
Can the plate be rotated so that book pages can be stamped from top, side, and bottom and still be right side up?
IS THE CUSTOM DIE INCLUDED IN THE PRICE OF THE EMBOSSER? thanks for your time...
Are the dies removable so you can buy only the die in the future? What options are available (font, die design, etc)? Thanks!
How long is this embosser able to reach from the bottom or top of the paper?
So what is the "die"? Is that the same as the embossing plate? I'm new and a bit confused on the different things that go into this.
Hollo. I want to personalize the embosser with my logo and a text. How much do I have to pay for extra ?
How do you get the info we an on the stamp? I was ready to check out and it never asked me so I canceled the order. Will wait to hear from you.
Are the plates removable? For example, can you change the orientation of the embosser according to what you want to emboss?
Can we use two different fonts? For example, can our names be in one font and our address be in another font?
How can I get it sooner than 5 days?
How many lines can we put (e.g. 3 or 4)? And how many characters per line?
What fonts are available? Can we send our own serif font?
Orientation adjustable? i.e. can I stamp on a postcard, the back flap of an envelope, a book, etc and it's not sideways or upside down?
can you do logo's?
Is there any way I can see some samples of the embossers you created?
At about this product I would like to know if the engraving plate is changed. I'd also like to know if you recorded the plate with a personal picture,
Does this embosser come with a custom stamp?
How long is this embosser able to reach from the bottom or top of the paper?
Can you put whatever you want on the plate or are you confined to " From The Library Of"?
Would this embosser be suitable for stationary, envelopes and napkins? Can you adjust the stamp to emboss on the top of the page vs bottom?
Where is this item manufactured?
Can you make a stamp from my logo?
Can I change the dies to use different designs? They say die holders and I do not know quite well what they meant.
Can the embosser be made with a design on a jpg file? I need a round seal with exact specs.
how do i provided my information to be put on the seal?
product question embosser: Does this come with the name in it like it shows?
Does this embosser come with a custom stamp?
How long is this embosser able to reach from the bottom or top of the paper?
Can you put whatever you want on the plate or are you confined to " From The Library Of"?
Would this embosser be suitable for stationary, envelopes and napkins? Can you adjust the stamp to emboss on the top of the page vs bottom?
Where is this item manufactured?
Can you make a stamp from my logo?
Can I change the dies to use different designs? They say die holders and I do not know quite well what they meant.
Can the embosser be made with a design on a jpg file? I need a round seal with exact specs.
how do i provided my information to be put on the seal?
product question embosser: Does this come with the name in it like it shows?
Can I use it for printing Japanese character&#xFF1F; Is it able to support for this?
Does it uses a simple 110VAC wire cord or an external voltage adapter (wall wart)?
I am looking for an afforadable way to print black and white labels for my products I sell at farmers markets. Would this be a good choice? Thanks!
I want to print ingredient labels for hand make goat milk soaps. Is this possible.
Can I use thi printer for jewelry tags and do you sell the tags?
This is a thermal printer? Im not sure yet if Brother QL-570 is or not a thermal printer, can anyone help me with this doubt?
Is the power supply internal or external - I want to see about operating in 220VAC - If you know the input voltage (e.g. 20VDC at 1.6 Amp) LMK! Thnx!
Can I print a receipt using excel on this QL570 printer?
I would like to use this to print inventory labels with a few data points. Can I import a list from excel of what I need and have it cut after each?
Can the QL-570 Label Printer do FBA labels for Amazon?
In other websites, the width of the tray is listed as 24.5" w. This listing says 30" w. Please confirm the max. width of the tray.
I'm wanting to use an ergonomic keyboard that already has a wrist guard/rest on it... will this fit on the keyboard tray?
It says 360 degree swivel. Can you turn it sideways and slide under the desk that was so that it fits? I have only a 23" wide L Shaped desk and I'm tr
Does that adjust 5.5 inches below the table just like a 23 inch tray?
My computer desk is not real wood, but compressed board. would it be a problem with the screws or with the strength?
what's the advantage of the longer track over the shorter one?
What are the dimensions? Closed, Open and the thickness of the leather?
Would a US letter size paper, folded in half fit inside this?
Can you attach a pen/pencil to the notebook?
Is the leather smooth tanned leather or is it suede? In the photo it looks like suede.
How many inserts (books) can you fit?
in the notebook, it have one more line, what that line can do for?? the Wax rope&#x3002; please i need some help
How heavy is it? (Either empty, or with one standard insert in it.)
Does this come with a band or do I have to purchase that separately
do field notes fit in these?
Hi. Is this an authentic Midori Traveler's Notebook made in Chiang Mai, Thailand?
What are the dimensions? Closed, Open and the thickness of the leather?
Would a US letter size paper, folded in half fit inside this?
Can you attach a pen/pencil to the notebook?
Is the leather smooth tanned leather or is it suede? In the photo it looks like suede.
How many inserts (books) can you fit?
in the notebook, it have one more line, what that line can do for?? the Wax rope&#x3002; please i need some help
How heavy is it? (Either empty, or with one standard insert in it.)
Does this come with a band or do I have to purchase that separately
do field notes fit in these?
Hi. Is this an authentic Midori Traveler's Notebook made in Chiang Mai, Thailand?
Is this ink consider plastisol or water based?
Does this have to be heat set?
could I use it with a brush and paint my faux leather shoes?
must this paint be mixed with any medium or can i use straight out the jar?
I want to paint stripes on cotton fabric for table runners and am wondering if it will bleed? I will be taping off the fabric and dont want bleeding.
How does it work on nylon fabric? cotton?
Can I print this on polyester shirts?
Would this work on Lycra/Spandex?
Wanting to paint the fabric on my Jeep roll bars without removing the rusted zipper covers. Is this a good product for this project?
What colors are provided for this price?
Can you connect a cell phone to it?
Can I plug my iPhone 5 into this device for conference calls
How is the sound quality in comparison to a Polycom deskphone's speakerphone?
Can this be connected to a regular analog phone?
Can this work on a MacBook Air?
Can you add extension microphones?
Does anyone know the compatibility requirement of this? Does this work with Windows 7 and Microsoft Communicator 5?
does the CX100 works with Gotomeeting?
how does this compare to the jabra 510 ?
Where do you enter the desired embossed info??? Where do you emboss the desired info?
Can I order additional plates, or just one per embosser?
Could I put my company name and Info instead of library of?
Can I do, Property Of and the name? Also, do you provide gift wrap?
How do I get "From the library of ..." with a name on the embosser? Isn't there something I should fill out BEFORE I get to the checkout?
can you do any languages other than English for embossing?
Are there options for the design beyond the two pictured on amazon. For example many have a design that includes the logo of a book in the center.
can I change "from the library of" to "ex libris"?
Hi, is it crystal clear laminating sheets? thank you.
Can these adhesvie sheets be used for die cutting?
may I see video instructions?
Does it have UV Protection?
can these be used for purple cow laminator?
I am looking for Single sided laminating sheets that you do not need a machine for. Is this it?
Are these double sided adhesive sheets or laminating sheets?
Has anyone run these through a laser printer?
Can these sheets be cut to resize them and then laminate? I want to laminate paper smaller than a visiting card. Can that be done?
Can you print on these sheets with an inkjet printer?
does this cut 11x17 and 12x18 paper as well???
Will this paper cutter cut "sticker paper" in stacks of 50 or more? Here is alink to the stickers http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00004Z6I0
What is the accuracy of this cutter? 1/16", 1/32" or even finer?
Are you able to cut small amounts of paper too? Like 1-20 sheets? Is it just for bulk paper?
does the installation require drilling holes all the way through the top of the desk? not sure I want screw heads showing on the desk surface.....thx
How does the CPU case attach to the backet? is it simply balanced over the bottom support and held in place by friction from tightening the clamp?
How big (length x width) is the mounting base which gets bolted to the desk? I'm trying to determine how much overhang clearance I need.
So one person who ordered said it didn't move forward or backward or swivel like in the customer video. Can an owner chime in?
I have an Antec Twelve Hundred case which according to manufacturer specs is 22.9" tall. This Mount lists a maximum of 22.5" will my pc case fit?
My CPU is only 13" in height. Will it fit?
My desk doesn't have req. 18" depth. Would installing this sideways and then swivelling the CPU 90deg work?
What are the maximum case height and width dimensions for this mount?
Is possible to mount these on a 1/2" particle board desk?
What are the dimensions of the plate that attaches to the desk? I need to mount into a narrow place. Also, how easy is it to remove the case?
The photo on Amazon says 28 pound but description states 32 lb. Please confirm this is 32 lb paper.
The brightness of paper is rated on a scale up to 100. The paper is rated "Photo White" ...does anyone know the actual scale number for this paper ?
I want to make a booklet with four folded sheets stapled in the center. Would this paper be too thick to fold into a multi-page booklet?
If used as stationary, how well does the 32 lb paper accept fountain pen ink and how easy does it fold for mailing? Thank you.
Can you use this with an ink-jet printer?
Please help! Can I use this in an inkjet or no? Need a prompt yes or no. TIA!
Is this paper glossy? Does the ink smear if you make 2 sided color copies?
Does this work for HPEnvy model printers?
Can you print color pictures on both sides without it showing thru? How about markers?
Will this paper work well with an Epson WorkForce Pro WF-4630 inkjet printer?
What size is the kick plate? Would it be useful for moving in and out of an apartment?
does it roll easily on grass
How is this product for moving heavy potted plants? We cannot lift them onto the truck. Is it thin enough to slide under if the plant is tipped?
Was the Elite made of all aluminum tubing vs. the Elite 2's steel tubing?
Why does the Elite 2 now weigh 10.5 lbs whereas the Elite weighed just 9 lbs?
Has anyone tried to move large potted plants?
Would this work to take my 32 gallon, round, metal trash cans down the driveway?
What is his dimensions WITH the handle closed.
Is any assembly required?
Is the cart constructed of rustproof metal?
Does this print/connect via Bluetooth AND WiFi with the BT adapter?
will this work with windows 8.1
can this printer produce duplex prints
Can I print from my iPad?
is this "AirPint" capable?
Duplex Printing: Just wondering does the HL2140 have a duplex printing function?
Brothers HL-2140 Printer compatability with Windows 7 OS?
Brother Hl-2170W vs. Brother HL-2140 laser printer: Is the Brother HL-2170W worth the extra price over the Brother HL-2140 Thanks, Mike
can it make copies
how do you change the cartridge?
Would this work with Windows 8?
Can you use this as a regular printer, not just off the computer?
how to get reverse printing
Can I scan with this printer too?
Why are people saying Brother no longer makes the 2140 when Amazon is selling it?
brother 2170w "offline" and can't get it back online: Any suggestions?
I am sorry, I will reword that. In order to print, where do I start first . I would think that I would have to enter the printers information in order to E-mail.
will it airprint from an ipad2?
can I print directly from my laptop to the printer?
What's the deal with "drums"? What's the deal on the HL-2140?
Work w/ Linux? I know HP works well with Linux, but will this, and over the network?
Toner Included? Does toner come with the printer or do I need to buy a cartridge also?
paper size
Anyone know definitevly if it's possible to print wirelessly from Samsung Note 4 (or any Samsung phone, for that matter) to this Brother (HL-2170W)?
We had to change the wireless passcode; what are the steps to update it for the printer?
which one is newer compare with hp mobile 100
Will it support a Kindle fire
i pad compatible
what is the weight?
How about its bluetooth capability?
what is the lightest on the go printer now on the market?
Will it scan / copy legal?
does it work with windows 8
ipad printing?
Will this printer work with my IPad?
HOW DO YOU OPEN THE PEN TO CHANGE THE REFILL
can I get a refill with the pen?
On this pen with a colored bottom, is the whole pen stainless steel?
No Parker box included?
No Parker box?
can I get turquoise in refils for the jotter?
What colors do you have available? Can I pick a color?
Do Parker Jotters still write upside down?
Where do you get replacement springs
is this made is USA?
Can you really wash the fabric afterwards?
Is it flammable? (I need to mail it)
Can this glue be used to repair tears on shoes?
does this work on yarn to help secure knots so they won't come out?
Will this work to bond 'gripper fabric' to the bottom of knitted slippers?
Will this work well on the stretchy knit fabric used by Chico's to make their Travelers line of clothing?
what its the best option to use in lycra fabric, swimwear, etc?
I am looking for a glue that will adhere plastic rhinestones to cloth without clouding the stone. Will this do the job?
I would like to try this product to glue Girl Scout badges to my daughter's vest. Does it stay glued down on clothes you are wearing AND washing?
Would it work in gluing foam flower heads to organza fabric?
Is this an actual Board or is it just a dry erase paper?
Can this be stuck to the wall without causing any damage to the wall itself?
does it have to come in french and english or just english
can I use this cartride on a MFC-7340
Is this Brother TN-360 the OEM Original toner? (Not a compatible?)
I have just installed a new cartridge and there are black marks on the right side margin every 1.5 inches. Is this a defective cartridge?
My old cartridge still has life in it so if I order a new one, I would let it unopened. Will the new one dry up if I let is sit?
What's the difference between the Brother TN630 High Yield Toner and Standard Toner?
How much does the toner weight?
You said you bought this in 2009?
I have a Brother DCP-7040. is this the appropriate Toner
Is this OEM?
I installed a genuine brother tn360 toner but still get "install new toner". Brother support had me open the cover, press *,1,1. I got "accepted" message but still get the same error. Any suggestions? Since that didn't fix the problem, I was advised to...
Tape trick: to say it needs new toner???
streaking from the very first print job. i need good quality contracts so i am very upset any ideas?
Will this work with MFC7340?
Does it come with markers?
Is the board magnetic?
does it have a holder for markers
Does it fold up for storage?
What size paper does the easel hold and can it hold an entire pad of paper?
Is this easel sturdy/heavy enough to be used outside on a windy day?
Does this white board wipe off completely or does it leave shadows?
Is the whiteboard able to detach from the display?
How much does this weigh?
is the dry-erase board good overall? can it last for long time? i am buying this for a three year old, it is fragile? thks
I have Windows 8 - Will the software be compatible for Windows 8 . Thank you - Buna
i am trying to put in a manual time on an employee and it keeps flagging it HM does anyone know what that means
No computer where the time clock is, so can it work to clock in/out employees without a computer, then I take it to where my computer is to upload?
How many employees can I have with this timeclock right out of the box?
Does this have to stay connected to a computer at all times? Looking to find out exactly how it works.
Does it require a monthly charge?
Can I pull custom pay period reports?
will this work with a mac ?
We want to hang this in our garage for our employees to clock in/out. Do I take the machine into our office and plug it in to access the info?
does this unit have battery backup
Can it print 11 x 14
Is This A Sublimation Printer To?
Is this printer wireless??
Where do I get r1900 repaired
what size prints does print
Epson R1900 CD/DVD printing: Anyone had any experience with that function ????
Does it oxidize?
What is the total length from the base board to the door?
Could this keep a toddler from closing the door?
300 reviews &amp; Q&amp;A and no answer - how far does this hold the face of the door off the face of the wall when the spring is FULLY COMPRESSED?
I did not receive an installation manual. Does anyone have one?
Can the doorstop be used outside? I don't see any mention of interior vs exterior use.
Has anyone used this doorstop on something like a condominium or apartment metal front door with closers on the hinges? If so, did it work out?
How tall is the Doorstop without catch? My door is 4" above the floor. The 3" is too small and I have to attach it to the floor.
How does it attach to the door -- screws or adhesive?
I have 1" flooring over concrete, if that deep enough to attach this to the floor?
How does the attached to the door? with screw or adhesive. And how about the stoper?
will it stop a toddler from closing the door or if he pulls hard enough will it give?
Can this hold open a commercial office door?
Is this made in the USA?
Would it hold the letter size folders that don't hang, but just sit?
What are the dimension of the actual cube? Alternatively, how many folders/papers can it hold total?
Will the files fit 12 X 12 paper?
It appears this does not have a lid. Does It?
Do you need to buy the hanging files ? or do they come with it?
is this sturdy enough to hold catalogs.
Can it hold legal files if they are turned 90 degrees?
Would it sit flat without the wheels
i have internet but i have a useage for one day how will it efficient it
porting your current phone number: How does it work to port your current number over ?
Will magic jack work on samsung 10.1 tablet
How many phones: Do I need a separate magic jack for each phone in my home?
Majic Jack!! Do you need the computer on all the time to ha a phone connection?
What if your router doesn't have a LAN port?
is this the magic jack plus the new one
Magic jack connects to USB. What about directly to router? Does anyone know if a router version is on its way?
what telephone is best to use with magic?
does this really work
What's the difference between these pencils and the regular Prismacolor Premier Colored Pencils. No one has been able to answer this question for me.
How many trays of pencils are there in a set of 132 pencils?
Is this product made in USA?
Why does this product listing say MADE BY SANFORD and not Prismacolor? Are both the same, made at the same location, using the same ingredients?
I'm an amateur artist and color is my weak spot when it comes to drawing portraits so would these be a good start to shading with color in portraits?
are they good
Is this product be made in USA?
i've been reading reviews and im confused about making a purchase some say its cheap quality most say its great but i dont know if i should buy them
Is there a user friendly way to view all the colors when using them, without having to spread out all the different trays?
People say there are concerns in the pencils origins... has this affected the quality?
are these made in USA
will 96 pencils be at my house if I order this? or its it 2 boxes of pencils?
are they pre sharpened?
Are these hb#2. Soft Pencils
Does One Box of Pencils for $12.99 Equal 96 Pencils?
how old are they?
Is there microban coating on these pencils?
where are they made?
What is the year range of this stamp?
Is there an option to just have the date by itself? I love the messages but sometime I just need the date by itself. Thanks in advance!
Is this stamp plastic construction or metal?
can I print words out off yhis stamp and how many letters
I'm considering ordering one of these tables. Has the packaging issue been resolved?
I'm thinking about getting this table for PC assembly. It's going to be a heavy, pricey PC, probably 60-80lbs. Is this sturdy enough to trust?
How much weight can it handle? 300 pounds??
are the holes at the bottom of the legs wide enough for wheels to be added
Why is it called a budget table?
The 2 reviews said the packaging was TERRIBLE. I was going to order one, but if it is going to come with dents I don't think I will. Have you improved
does it comes with a box?
How is the Meistruck Classique different from Le Grande?
Does it come with a box?
Is this pen a "twist" type or does it have a cap ?
Is it authentic? Does it come with original papers? What if it happens to be fake?
can i just buy the outer shell? i have all the other parts, just need the empty shell, i broke it?
have or not warranty? have or not box and some documentation?
the warranty will be open after purshase?
Before I buy, How do I know this is a genuine Montblanc pen? There are MANY counterfeits on the market. Thank you
is it possible to find the same model in red ?
Is the actual writing area leather or some other type of material?
What color is the leather? It looks black here.
Do the side-rails lift up for storage?
What color is the leather and blotter area?
Gray or Black?
What is the writing surface made of ?
Any issues using this phone with VOIP? I currently have a 20 year old 2 line phone and am getting a bit of a hum in the headset. I subscribe to OOMA
I'm looking for 200 of these phones. Are they new, used or refurbished?
Will the AT&amp;T 993 2 line corded phone also allow calls on panasonic and V Tech phones on same system?
Does this model 993,AT &amp;T corded 2 line phone come in white?
how do I turn off the automated voice mail on line two so the fax can pick up?
Does the voicemail allow you to record your own message
How do you set up call forwarding?
can you transfer calls? We have a two story office and would like to be able to transfer from upstairs to down.....without leaving our desk.
Does this phone have the capability to forward to another number?
full duplex
Can anyone tell me if you can have this machine as answer only and not record incoming messages? Also can anyone tell me how long you can record a greeting? Thanks in advance!!!
I still want to receive messages but is there anyway to stop that annoying beeping?!
Will it work in Ireland?
Can't call out on this phone , all other phones in house work. Done everything book told me to do . everything else works except calling out.
do I need a system for this phone or does it work just by connecting to phone jack? Do I need to have AT&amp;T service? does It come with instructional ma
does this work with Uverse and have a 120 volt adaptor for power ?
Can both the ringer and the incoming/outgoing messages be completely muted?
does this phone announce the number of the person calling?
does this have a headset jack?
"Does this phone feature "audible" caller ID like the older AT&amp;T 1855?
does the base have a message alert
I have a 3 phone system. 2 of the phones completely die if I press the "Speaker" button. The 3rd one works fine. Anyone have any ideas why?
what is a good replacement battery ? I use the speakerphone feature a lot and this draws a lot of current.
My machine got set to "announcement only" mode. Does anyone know how to reset it to record messages? It's not in the manual. .
Is it Caller ID ready?
can you hang the base unit on the wall?
Can the base be wall mounted when using a DSL filter? Will the filter fit behind the phone?
What size plug/port can I use with the telephone if I wanted to use a with a headset (eg 2.5mm)?
I have voice mail on all my seperate landline and cell phones and do not need the answering machine as part of the offered feature on this phone. Can you turn the answering machine off? Thanks for your help!
how many handsets does it go to??
how much do they weigh? can they be stacked? how wide are these (footprint)?
If ordered today, when would I receive them (Scottsdale, Az. 85260)?
are these chairs at all padded? or just hard.
What is the seat height?
Hi. I need 6 chairs. I was wondering if its possible to buy 6.
How much weight do they support? My wife and I are well under 200 pounds, but my in-laws are well over 200 pounds.
How comfortable are the chairs? ONLY ONE REVIEWER SEEMS TO MENTION COMFORT.
Is there a trick to the spring alignment? After I open the pen to replace the ink, I can't get it to click correctly again.
Do these gel inks stain as bad as, or worse than, regular ink? (clothing, furniture, carpeting...) Thanks!
Do they bleed through the paper?
Do the Pentel EnerGel pens leak in flight? To-date, I prefer Uni-Ball Vision Elite ... does not leak in flight. Thx.
Must be dense but what is the difference between .05 and .07 tip?
How does smoothness/scratchiness of these compare to Pilot/Uni?? Thanks.
what is a metal tip?
What's the date format ? YYYY MM DD ? Is the month spelled out, e.g. Dec.
What is the year date range on this stamp
Is it appropriate for mobile office? ie. some locking mechanism or how likely is accidental stamping?
What is the actual height of the font? I need 3/8" high font.
does it stamp the message received
Can you isolate just the month and year? are there any blank sides to do that?
I need this for red ink but cannot find the replacement pad for this model. any1 know where I can ge a red pad or empty pad that I can add red ink too
Does the ink pad come pre loaded with black ink our do you have to ink it yourself before first use?
Received the stamp today no ink pad was included ?
Can the color of the ink be changed to a different color?
What specifically do I need to buy to power this? Can you suggest a specific one? What else do I need to buy for it to work? phone line? Ip address?
I do not have a phone line, can this speaker work over wifi or internet? Does it meet to be connected to my macbook and how? Thanks!
does it include the power supply?
do these phones have any kind of warranty?
Does it come with a CCM License?
what does the phone come with? power supply etc...?
Is the phone complete? with the 2 microphones?
Is it eligible for smartnet coverage?
Is this a new item, like new, refurbished?
Does this phone have Cisco or Polycom software?
Can it print the time horizontally from left to right or does it only print vertically?
What type of time cards are needed?
Can this time clock attach to a wall or is it only table top?
Does this time clock have battery back up?
can any paper work
Will it work with Tops Form 1252?
Will this time clock track 24 hour shifts? I have a private EMS company and we work 24 hours at a time.
we use a peel and stick time card 3 part will these work with this time clock?
How easy is it to see the time card through the smoky plastic 'window'?
Is this compatible with ADAMS 9791 time cards?
is it 100~220V?
Does it read the new 100.00 Dollar bills?
With this machine can i identify fake money?
does it work with currency other than USD?
Will these work with a regular phone line? (s)
does it take a standard phone line or a either net cable
Are these compatible with the model 984?
Does this phone not have Caller ID?
does power have to be supplied through another cord?
can I use that phone as one line phone?
I have 4 separate phone numbers/lines (VOIP) that each have their own phone jack and all. Would I be able to plug them all into this phone and choose?
Does it have a jack for headset compatibility?
I am considering buying 4 of these for my company. Would you be able to ship all at once and would the shipping cost be less?
What adapter is needed to combine 2 (4 contact RJ11) phone lines in the phoneroom and send them to the office jack (via CAT5 RJ45)?
What is the overall size of the printer?
will this printer work with Windows 7?
is this a text printer or for photos only?
what kind of printer cartdridge does it take? I have 30 and 31
Do you have to change all the inks when one is empty ?
Can you scan
Can it print 8x10 photos as well as the smaller sizes?
Can I put two black ink boxes at the same time? Just black ink, no color
will this printer work with a MAC OS 10.39
Do I need to buy additional cables to hook it up to my PC?
Canon MX 850: Cannot scan ink is low/out? Is this true with MX850 also?
Is it a wireless printer
What does this take for ink?
My Pixma MX 850 will not copy in black and white, but copies fine in color. Both black cartridges are virtually full. Any ideas?
Will the Canon Pixma MX850 work with Mac OS X, 10.6.8 ?
Performance with Mac OS X: Any other users have good or bad experiences using this printer with Mac OS X?
can a canon office all-in-one have photo lab quality pics? how is the quality of the photo pictures with this printer?
How good is it for scanning photos? Anyone care to comment purely on photo scanning?
Scanning and copying in standalone? Is it a feature of the MX850?
Sample packets? Does anyone know if this product comes with some sample packets?
What size laminate pouches do you use?
At Kinkos you put your item in the pouch then you put that inside a type of cardboard pouch does this one require those?
model AL9 can you use smalleer than 9" pouches? like 4x6"
I wish to fuse photoresist onto a 0.063" thick pcb. Is that too big?
Maximum size of packets? Will this work with 10mm id packets?
is this 220volts?
I'm having trouble getting laminations to feed.. any advise?
Your description claims up to 10 mm yet the instructions that came with it say "0.6 mm Max" is that an "oops" I hear?
will it laminat a perc card thats the size of a drivers license?
MAX Laminate Thickness for Apache AL13P: What is te maximum pouch thickness which can be used in the Apache AL13P unit?
What type of supplies does this machine take. Pouches, Continous roll sheets etc?? Do you have the laminating sheets also?
I have posters that are 11x17 on 110# index card stock. Can I run that with 5mil or 7mil pouches or is that too thick?
Can we set the temperature to 140F and laminate the film at that temperature ?
I purchased this machine only about a month ago and was working great but it suddenly got jammed. I can no longer use the machine. What do I do?
Can I laminate business card size items on this machine?
where do you get the lamination pouches
should I use a protection sleeve for 10 mil projects
I am interested in using this to laminate my 5 x 7 photos &amp; wondered if it produces a smooth laminate or are there tiny bubbles on the photo when done
is it UL rated?
What is the best pouch thickness for laminating flyers and postcards? Is it 5 mil or is it 3 mil?
Do you need a sleeve to put the pouch in to run through the laminator so that the pouch doesn't stick to the rollers like other laminators?
I was wondering if this machine would laminate 12x12 scrapbook paper sheets?
Who do you buy your 11 x 17 pouches from?
Does this have a quick release feature in case the paper gets jammed ?
Anyone who has actually used this: can it actually laminate 8mil like the manual says?
I want to laminate 5 1/2" x 8 1/2" flyers. What would I need to cut the larger pouches to size? Would I cut the pouches before or after laminating?
Would the unit laminate construction paper like the ones sold on Amazon made by Sunworks?
hello there, is this machine compatable with 220 volt supply?
I need to laminate pictures that are printed on very heavy cardstock. Does anyone have any experience with this? Will they fit through the rollers?
Have you used this to laminate card stock? Did it do a good job on card stock?
Can you cut your document along the document edge, or do you need to leave 1/8" margin of plastic for the film to adhere?
Why are my documents wrinkled after the process?
can I laminate paper size 13"X16" ?
What is the thickest media that can be passed through it if i only care about surface temp? Mat board too thick?
does this laminator require a carrier or can the pouches be fed directly into the machine?
Mine "ate" my inserted sheet, How do I get into the machine to get it off the roller?
has anyone tried laminating 18 x 24 pouches? i know the machine says 18" wide, but is there any "play" at all? Will an 18" wide pouch go through ok?
"The AL18P comes with a 20 pack of 5 and 3 mil laminator pouches" WHAT size are these pouches?
Will it handle small pouches for business cards without getting stuck?
is this machine capable of laminating large posters 24x36"
What is the top limit for thickness? looking to do 10mils x 2
How clear is the laminate? If I put a glossy printed photo through will it look perfectly clear or kinda foggy?
Can I use the machine to laminate just the top side or does it always laminate both sides?
what is the best lamination to buy for it
Where can I get an instruction manual?
What product is used to attach a photo print to a hard board like foam core or chipboard? I'm assuming a double-sided sheet of something.
Can you tell me the maximum opening height between the upper and lower rollers. Also, are the rollers rubber coated?Thanks!
how wide are the rollers and what is the diameter of the rollers?
What size roll fits and how wide is the core?
what tape do i use with this?
What is the maximum Width of Tape this labeller uses and what brand tape does it use? Also Does it require replacement any Ink?
Greetings, Do you also have the Hebrew language
does it have a scanner feature
Does anyone know of a good wireless printer that allows you to set it for black print only and choose color when you want it?
Does this model have fax capability?
How big an area will it scan (size of the glass plate)?
can I airprint with this
Is it compatible with Windows 8.1?
is this printer reliable and high quality
what cartridges does this printer use
is this printer wireless and is it inkjet?
does it work with all scanning software, scanpower e.t.c?
Is this bluetooth? Will it work with my Android Galaxy Note 2 phone? Will it work with the ScanPower softward?
would this device replace a normal scanner at say a cash register using a normal POS software and a Windows 7 or XP operating connecting it by USB???
Can that beeping sound be turned off. A flashing light would be far better for quiet places.
Do you have to use software to use these scanners? Or will they just collect data straight out of the box?
does this work with Windows 8?
Must the object you are scanning be no farther away from the computer than the length of the usb cable?
Does it work with MS Dynamics RMS?
fba
Is this device supported on Windows 7, or 8.1?
does it have wheels?
Does the owners manual say anything about shredding newspaper? I'd like ot use it for that and some say not to! THX
What are the dimensions?
How long can it shred for? And then how long does it take to cool down?
Does lining the basket with a plastic bag disable the functioning of the shredder?
Loud?
is it dual voltage
Where are these shredders manufactured?
does anyone know how to repair the hinges in the back that hold up the part that lifts to install the cartridges? One or both of mine cracked.
Printer goes offline when the firewall is on: Does anyone else have this problem?
HP J6480 AIO: Does anyone know if HP has fixed the problem on this printer when connecting to a Windows Vista computer ?
Double-sided printing: Have others had success using the duplexer to print double-sided?
Question about low-power mode: Anyone know how to put the printer in low-power mode?
I am getting a media paper jam error on my printer how do I fix it?
my Hp j6480 will not power on when i press the on button. i have unplugged it, and plugged it back in, when i open the lid the scan bar light is on, but i still cannot get it to power on. can anyone help??
Mine is copying very very slow. I have checked the copy setting . What would cause this?
when was this printer manufactured?
I downloaded a printer driver desk jet d 2545 and this annoying pop-up appears that looks like a DVD going around in its case, how do I delete it?
What are the dimensions?
Would this shelf be able to hold dual computer monitors?
the drawer keeps falling out every time i open it. Is there a trick to this? Did i install it wrong? it seemed pretty self explanatory
How wide are the upright slots on both ends? I want to know what thickness stack of paper or book will fit in the slots? Thank you.
How much space is there underneath the shelf wide, height?
What is the exact depth of this unit?
Will it hold a printer?
can this Hang?
Are these pens gender neutral?
is this made in china?
Can I use both my hands at the same time to write with these pens? I was born with a rare disease called half hands and need both my hands to write.
Is the ink alcohol based or water based? Does it bleed when I use render markers over it?
Does this have a removeable cap or is it a retractable?
bicpen.model"intensity"
is this box of 60 pens actually black and actually 60 to a box for $5.99? pick a color only shows blue???????
Are these forms compatible with Quickbooks?
Has anyone ordered these and received 2014 forms?
I just ordered these. Will I be getting 2014 forms? That is what I need. Thanks.
can you download it instead of using a cd?
Are these 2013 forms?
Are these 2014 Forms
what does t/p mean
Is the cord removable so that I can attach a longer cord?
what features are available?
is this model programable?
can the ringer on this phone be adjusted?
will it fit the existing plate on the wall that my old phone is on?
Phone stopped making outgoing calls. Tells me call cannot be completed. Calls can be made from other house phones. Any solution on how to fix this
looking for this color wall mount with caller id feature does this have it
Ordered two of these phones and they do not ring! Ironic, after seeing so many complain about the volume level of the ringer! Help Please!
The Product Information in the Amazon listing states that this phone needs Lithium metal batteries. I can't imagine why this would be the case. Is it really true?
Can you use a DSL filter with this phone?
Does this "ash" colored phone have a matching long cord that can be added? How long is the cord that comes with it? Thanks!
Does this phone have a volume control for the ear piece? Is it hearing aid compatible?
Dos the unit have a flash button? I must have a flash button on the two phones I wish to purchase.
Does the phone have caller ID? Thanks!
Does it have an answering machine ?
IS THEIR A DOUBLE PORT ON THIS PHONE?
Does Fone have headset jack?
does the phone have preset speed dial numbers
Where are the pictures placed? Do you mean that we program a person phone for one number and then place her/his the picture on that number? Then, how I see the number. I need one for my 94 yrs Mom with macular degeneration. It has to be easiest one to...
Does this date stamp start with the year band of 2010?
What year does this stamp start with?
What is the impression size?
what is the actual size of the letters/numbers?
What year does this begin with?
Does this really have day-month-year format, like 01 FEB 2014, as shown in the picture?
What years are included on the band?
I'm looking for a shredder that will cut paper strips to use for quilling. How wide are the strips &amp; are the edges cut straight &amp; neat?
how many paper can you feed at one time?
how tall is the shredder?&gt;
How wide is the opening? Also, how narrow are the resulting strips?
are blades metal?
What is the last year (in the future) that is goes to? It says there's 10 years worth of dates, but I am not able to tell by the picture.
Is there also the option to have NO message printed, and just print the date only?
When the ink pad is depleted, can it be re-inked or the pad replaced?
Does the ink dry out if it is not removed from the stamp when you are done using it?
I just received mine and Where is the ink pad????? Was I supposed to buy that separate? If so, the seller isn't right for not mentioning that in the
Does this fit for Parker 45?
best converter for Parker fountain pens?
Does this work with Parker Vector Fountain Pens?
Does it fit Parker Duofold Demi Pearl Medium Point Fountain Pen
Can I use this product "Parker Sonnet Fountain Pen, Fine Point, Pearl Lacquer (S0947360)"?
Will this fit a Pilot metropolitan fountain pen?
Does this fit for Parker Sonnet?
Does this fit and work well in the Cross Bailey fountain pens? Or is there a better choice for cross pens?
Does it fit a parker #75
Does this converter works with Parker IM Taupe CT Fountain Pen - Fine Point?
Does anyone know or have an opinion on how these rate and compare to Faber Castell pitt markers?
What surfaces will the color adhere to? Gessoed wood? Is this a water based color? How do you fix it to the ground?
How long does it take the colors to dry on paper immediately after application &amp; when mixing colors?
Is there a favorite type of paper for these? Watercolor paper? Cold or hot pressed?
Are both sides markers
Are the skin color included in the set of 96?
I am looking to buy these to use in my adult coloring book-will they tear up the paper?
which markers are better, Pismacolor or Tombow. And why
Has anyone bought these from the Amazon Warehouse? There are several sets for under $100.
Are these like prismacolor or copic markers?
HOW HEAVY IS IT??
can i use it for groceries?
Is it a "Drive Medical Winnie Wagon" with it's logo sealed on from, or a knock brand, before I purchase it?
What are the actual dimensions of the basket?
does it have to be put together?
Who is the shipping company UPS or FedEx?
Can this system have cellphone connected to the handset, not the base station? Thanks!
Can i connect my bluetooth headset to this phone?
Will this phone system connect to a conventional landline as well?
wall mountable: can the base be mounted to a wall?
Adding TGA930 handsets? Has anybody added any handsets to these link to cell base stations?
More than 3 cell phones paired? Does anyone know of anything like this that can support 3 BT enabled cells other than the x-link?
What Am I Missing Here? What's The Purpose of It? Are the only things I'm missing the caller ID on my home phone and the inability to make calls through my cell line from my home phone?
answering service have date and time stamp?
Answering Machine - Remote Access: We are on the verge of buying the Panosonic 6.0 Phones, but have one question that I haven't been able to find an answer to -- Can you access your answering machine messages remotely?
answering machine -- HALP: does the answering machine on the KX-TG9348T announce or show the number of messages?
Can this handset be wall mounted?
Does it come with charger and batteries?
Does this handset work with the KX-TGA931S base unit? I only have 1 working 931S handset and need a few more.
My Base is KX-TG6311S; I bought 4th KX-TGA630S Handset, but how do I pair it with the Base? Also, what is the maxim number of Handsets I can have?
Will this Panasonic handset KX-TGA630S work with my Panasonic Base set KX-TG9341S ?
Can you set it to forward calls?
Does the hand set come with base charger?
Does the headset come with the small charger stand?
I just want to be sure that this will work with my KX-TGA939T. Can you tell me if it does?
I have a base KX-TG9331T with handsets KX-TGA931T, will this work with the base i have?
Does this have to be plugged into a jack? Is it wireless? I have an original phone and jack, but need an additional phone for another room.
Are the handset keys backlit?
Does this work with the KX-TG931T?
I have the 2-Line Panasonic (model KX-TG9322) base but don't need 2-lines for extension handsets. Will this extension (KX-TG930T) work with my base?
Does this handset work with the KX TG9391 phone? thank you!
have a panahave a sonic KX-TGA93IT set and want to add . does this model also have an a plug-in cord as mine do? mine do?
Will this work on my kx-tg9331t ?
charging the phones: Hi...I was just wondering if the 2 cradles also charged the phones...or do you have to use the main base to charge all 3 phones?
Does this use NiMH rechrgeable AAA batteries?
Hi! Can this model be used in Singapore with Voltage of 230V?
how dose this device function when there is a power failure?
Are there multiple mailboxes?
how do you get voice maiil removed from phone screen?
can the new version use the old remote handsets?
does this phone have a 2.5mm jack on each phone?
Is it Dual Voltage phone? Does anyone know if it is a dual voltage phone or not?
Do the handsets have speakerphone?
Pocket Size Phones Available? Any suggestions?
call blocking: Does this phone have the call blocking feature?
What is best phone for VOIP? I'm not sure whether to cancel the Vonage service or simply buy new phone and, if so, which one?
Want to espand to six handsets. What is the espandable handset for this phone?
Turning of the light indicator?
Wall mountable? Is this phone wall mountable?
Does this have a phone book sharing?
Answering system turn-off: Is it possible to turn-off the answering system on the phone ?
Are they comparable to regular index cards, or thinner?
Are these customizable to whatever you want to make using these cards? Or do they already have the "place postage here" spot?
Are these specially coated for use only with inkjet printers? I've run into some treated inkjet papers that would not work well with lasers.
Will I be able to print a picture on one side?
Are they perforated?
do they take 0.33 stamp?
do you have to use staples specifically for this stapler or will the standard ones work. thx
how many inches long is a stapler
Does it open flat so I can use it to do a bulletin board?
How in the world do you load the staples? No directions and becoming frustrated
what is max height an object could be to fit in the shelf?
Is 14.13 the maximum height? Does this include the casters?
What is the minimum height including casters? My printer is large and I want to fit it under the desk.
What material is used to make the stand?
Are the castors optional or do they come attached?
could i fit a printer on the bottom shelf and sit a cpu tower on the top? the printer measures: 17.5: wide x 12.5" deep x 9" tall.
The description also says the height is adjustable but does not give the maximum/minimum heights. I am mainly interested in the maximum adjusted max.
Is this for use in laser printers?
I it waterproof?
Xerox 3R12363 Polyester Paper ... can this paper (1) go through a laser printer, (2) go through an inkjet printer, (3) will a self-ink stamp work
Is it waterproof?
Is it flexible? Can I wrap it around a water bottle?
I am considering this paper for field notes, can one use a pen or pencil and can this be used in an inkjet printer? Thank you in advance.
I am planning on using this paper to pin on shirts for a run. Does permanent marker work on it?
We have a problem with static electricity. The sheets are going through several at a time. How can we correct for this?
Will it print on my printer? In color or B&amp;W?
does it use a cartridge or film
How do you receive a fax is there something I have to do before receiving a fax
Does it have an answering machine, and if so, can the answering machine be turned off so you can use a different answering device.
i have att&amp;t they said I would need VOIP to use on my phone lines. Is this compatable
Can I print 2 or more pages consecutively,i.e.as a bunch?
wedding
Can you write on these with a pen?
Can you import an Excel sheet if you have all the names there?
Can you type more than a few lines on each card? I want to use them for instructions to my guest at my wedding.
How do I flip the text to print on both sides?
how do I get a 5302 template in MS Word? I have the tents.
Also, can you print text on the inside?
Do you see the perforations on the edges after you tear the cards off?
Can you only do 4 names at a time? I downloaded the template and want to enter all 150 different names and print all at once.
Can the outside pocket hold a kindle fire? (non-HD)
What are the outside dimensions of the organizer?
what is the size of the ring? is it 1 1/4, 1 1/2 or 2 inches, usually a 1 1/2 inch can accommodate 300 pages and a 2 inch = 400 pages. Thanks.
also can I add 100 sheets? will they fit?
Are the tabs a to z with single letters? or ab,cd,ef,gh, etc?
Can the pocket fit an ipad?
does it have an index a-z for phone numbers at the front of the book?
How many rolls not colums are in a page
does this book compare to the Norcom Cash Book #94580
how many colums per page?
Does this account book have seven vertical columns?
Are the sorter &amp; accessory tray attached, or can they be moved/removed?
On Fellowes website, the specs are listed as 9.25 x 25.88 x 11.50. Here, it says 26.1 x 13.9 x 5.1. What is the actual LWH ?
What is the lowest height, as I have a fellows that is not adjustible and my monitor is sitting too high, 4.25 inches
The picture shows the laptop resting or hooked to something putting it at an angle. Does this come with the stand?
What is the inside dimension of the product? (length-wise, as I want to stow my keyboard there)
I see that some pictures of this model have a turntable for the monitor to sit on. Does this come with the stand on this version?
I would like to carry my Microsoft Surface tablet (11" x 7", very thin) in the document pocket. Does it look like it would fit?
What are the dimensions?
Are there any pen holders? I don't see any.
Can you fold the padfolio to write on it? I intend to use it on a small desk, or my lap
Is the writing pad area able to be adapted for left hand users, too?
Is there a side slot for a side bound notebook to be used instead of the top bound legal pad?
Does this portfolio lay perfectly flat on a table when opened?
Can 8.5 x 11 documents easily fit in and be removed from the zippered inner pocket? Thank you!
Can it accommodate an 8 1/2 x 12 in pad
Can it accommodate a legal pad?
what pitch is this bell in? Please respond very very very very very very very very very very very very quickly
Would this work vertically if mounted on a wall? Could someone test for me please? Thanks!
Is there a rubber base of some sort to keep it from sliding?
Can it be taken apart?
Where is it made?
Can it be mounted or screwed to a desk. Or perhaps to a musical washboard?
is it loud
Hello. May I recharge this pen with Ball Point refills by Parker, or is it a special one that I need to purchase? Thanks
So, Could this work on this pen? This refill: ASIN B00A945LK6
Thanks for the answers so far. So, Where could I find these Special Refills? Black, Blue and Red Ink?.
I want to clarify if this folds to a thickness of 3" high so I can use it in a toe kick hide-away shelf?
Where can I get replacement rubber feet for stool. They came off and got lost?
how wide is the step stool when closed and will it hang on a wall?
What is the distance between the steps? This is for my Mom who has limited ability to raise her legs. Thank You!
How is this stool for sitting? Can you sit on the bottom step?
Are the steps pretty non slip? I need to access the cargo box on my mini van, during ski trips... Think boots and wet weather. ~Thanks
I received the Polder step stool model #90401-05 for Christmas. The rubber protectors on the feet have fallen off &amp; I can't find them?
When folded, how wide is it? 22 3/4" long and 2 1/2" depth by ???
How much does this stool weigh?
How wide/thick is it when closed?
Can this converter be used with Windows 7?
are you sure it don't work on windows 7?
Is there any product like this that actually works. Great idea to be able to feed photos into a scanner and convert them to jpegs on the desktop.
can this be used as a stand alone, or does it need to be connected to computer? Does it convert negitives?
Can it be used with a Mac?
manual , users please view?, thanks.
What colors (specific lead refill names) are included with this set?
What mm is the lead size? (ie, 0.5mm, 0.7mm, 0.9mm, etc)
Is the lead erasable?
how many sets of leads do you get with the pencil?
does the pencil have an eraser?
exactly how do you change the leads? do you have to take a lead out to put in the next one?
0.7mm
How do you add more lead?
How do you replace leads in a dr grip center of gravity pencil?
Is this a shaky pencil(when you shake it does the lead come out)?
Are the wheels removable?
How much weight does it support?
What are the dimensions of the shelf? Thanks!
how tall and how wide is printer? please be specific. as to if it is the height and width you are mentioning txs
Is it possible to assemble without the rounded handle on top?
what is dimension height and width
assembly: How do you attach monitor to this stand?
What is the height of the vertical bar from the bottom of the stand?
I have two 20" monitors I'd like to use this with. Approx. how much room will I have from the top of the desk to the BOTTOM of the monitors?
For anyone using this stand with two 24's, what is the maximum height (measured from the desk's surface to the top of the monitor)?
Can two arms be arranged between 90 degree and 180 degree angle?
do i need a lip on my desk for this stand to work, i have a corner desk and the lip is not where i want to put my monitors, i have the wire holes
Can this stand be wall mounted?
What is the length, height, and width of two 24 inch monitors on this stand? Need to know ASAP!
Can the arms be adjusted to view monitors vertically as well? Thanks
Can the monitor arms be mounted at different heights on the pole to adjust height between two different monitors?
is this wall mountable?
Can you access recoded messages using the cordeless phone?
Is it hearing aid compatible
is this a home telephone can I make phonecall r is it a aheadset
Does the screws loosen over time?
Does anyone know what the load is on this?
What are the measuremants?
Where are they made?
Does it come already put together?
What is the weight limit?
Anyone have the dimensions for this vanity set?
Is it made of solid wood?
what are the dimensions of this item?
what about color pencils?
Does it run on 240v electricity
Will this sharpen Ticonderoga Beginners pencils? Those pencils have larger diameter than the regular pencils and thus need bigger than standard hole.
Can the blades be replaced on this sharpener?
Does it have metal gears?
What's the size?
How many pencils can you sharpen at the same time?
What exactly does the 7 year limited warrantey cover? One and two star reviews claim it stops working in less than a year.
will it sharpen a ticonderoga pencil
Is it made out of plastic?
I can not seem to flip the lever to set the combination. Anyone else have this problem?
Has anyone tried this lock for a Prius Key? The measurements seem tight, but I was still wondering if it worked.
What are the internal dimensions?
anyone esle have a hard time getting the key door to close? any tricks for delaing with this?
Does the door knob hanging part open up? Does it lock with the key door?
ink
Is this made in the USA?
Is it a retractable pen?
I need a refill for the Fisher Space pen, Cap-O-Matic Pen Lacquered Brass (M4G), Is the #SPR4 and SPR4F the same thing?
How is this packaged? Gift box?
To clarify, does the cap fit onto the end of the barrel? :) Does anyone know of a keychair "space" pen where the cap fits on rear of barrel?
How does the pen attach? It seems like it could easily fall off. Thanks.
What is the Amazon part number or link for refills?
I want it with blue ink does it come with just 1 color?
does the barrel fit into the cap?
What happens when you don't keep the trekker pen capped? Any decrease in life of pen? Plan to attach to retractable reel so won't be capped
Was the design flaw which caused many people to lose this pen corrected? Thanks all.
What are the dimensions? Is the matted image 4x6 (i.e it will fit a 5x7 frame) or is it a 4x6 matte, which will frame a 3x5 image? Thanks!
Can you use this paper on an Epson printer?
Is the back of the paper blank or branded?
Is this paper double-sided?
Is there a weight differance in the same titled products that have differant product numbers?
Canon Piixma MP490: Why won't the Kodak paper work?
Will my canon pix922 Pixma print good quality Post Card size prints ? Should I purchase the canon Selphy ? Thank you.
is this better than the photo paper glossy? cuz this is plus glossy ll
will these work in a laser printer?
How is the paper for passport photos?
How difficult is the assembling?
Humanscale
What kind of casters does this ship with?
Why did the price of the identical Miller Aeron chair increase about 150.00 within a week--just before Xmas?
Does this item come fully assembled?
Will this chair slide under a desk with 28" clearance underneath with arms?
How deep is the chair seat? (Measurement from the front of the seat to the back.)
size
How high can the top of the seat surface be raised for a tall person? I need it at least 22.5 inches (57cm) off the ground.
can you ship to China
Is this compatible with MF4350d? I don't know what the difference between MF4350 and MF4350d is.
I bought 3 of these. The first 2 were empty! Says I need to replace toner! What's up with this?
will this work for Canon Image Class MF4370DN?
Is the cartridge that you received the IKON cartridge pictured in the listing (Y/N + seller)?
I'm getting a line down the right side of the paper - what's wrong - the cartridge or printer? Canon ImageClass D420.
How many copies will this print?
I need to know if this compatible with the Canon Image CLASS D550
The one I got has a bad toxic smell like that of Moth Balls when I print now. Anyone else have that?
the picture shows the files hanging front to back not side to side can i hang the files side to side that is why i wanted a lateral filing cabinet.
in the picture it shows the top half with glass doors, is that included? I don't see it in the description.
I don\t think I have the interlock track and cabinet actuators in correctly. Should they attach to the track? What is their purpose?
what are the measurments of this filing cabinet?
There used to be a hutch with glass doors that sit on top of the file cabinet. That is what the picture still shows. What happened to the hutch
I noticed on the Target website that it was lockable. But I sure don"t see a lock. Anybody know four sure?
Dimensions? What are the dimensions of this?
solar panel: when you turn off the lights does it still work?
Significant
Light Year Conversion: I noticed it says 4 12 digit lines, does this mean it will be able to give me a number like 10,000,000,000,000,000 Without much Trouble?
HELP!! I'm a senior in high school taking Pre-Calculus this year and NEED a graphing calculator , teacher says $90 for one, is this one good enough??
Does the TI 84 have any substantial advantages over this one that are worth the price difference?
is this calculator usable for the SAT?
Can this calculator preform indefinite integrals (something the TI-84 can't do but the TI-89 can)?
This vs Ti 84? My school uses 84's. Am I missing out on any features by getting this one?
does it perform cuadratic function? Does it have natural display?
Do I need to be worried about this review for using this in precalc? It looks like the layout is generally the same as the TI83's?
What color does it come in?
How to integrals in respect to y axis using Casio fx-9750GII?
Is this CAS Calculator?
Is there any way to verify that the pen is authentic, like a serial number or registry number?
Is the top of the pen removable, (two-piece) or is it a twist open/close (one-piece)?
if i order the pen directly from amazon, is there a serial number or other confirmaitno that this pen is authentic and straight from Montblanc?
Does it come with ink?
Is this authentic, brand new and in the box? Does this come with standard Montblanc warranty? How long is the warranty and is it international?
When the cap is unscrewed, can it be placed on the top of the pen without any damage over a long period of time? I'm wondering if that was the design
what size fillers does this model use
Does it come in a gift box
I am interested in buying this pen for my husbands 60th birthday as a gift. I wanted to know if it comes with the box as I want it to be special.
Can it be engraved at purchase or after purchase?
Hardware differences of S300M vs. S1500M: I'm wondering whether there are any hardware differences between the 2 models besides the bundled software?
scanning photos? Can anyone speak to this scanners ability with photos?
Hi. I want to take say 50 separate documents - auto feed them through my 300 and end up 50 entirely separate PDF documents. Can I do that?
Hack ScanSnap S300 / S300M to Scan Extra Long Documents: Does anyone know how to hack the scansnap S300M or S300 to scan very long documents such as 8.5" by 30"?
work on PC?
Scanning troubles... vertical white lines: I've scanned a few things here and there throughout the year with no trouble... however, I just went to scan again and am now getting white vertical lines on every scan, but they're showing up in different...
Can I Plug This into the Wall Offsite, Scan and Take Home to Plug Into my Mac to Retrieve the PDF? I could do it on the spot, right?
does it have space to record holiday cards
How sturdy are the tabbed letters on this address book? Are they laminated or just plain paper? Thank you.
Can you replace pages?
want to know the size the size of the book ?
what is the size
how many scales have and which one?
Is this the 12" version or the 6" version? Thanks
is it Metric?
Does this have 1/64th?
do you have a scale that shows 1/64?
Does this have 1/16th inch?
I bought this. It seems to be warped, curving in from the ends to the center. Is this standard? An optical illusion? Or damaged?
dose it come with Metric ?
What color is this journal, is it the same as the picture?
This picture looks like 3 different size journals. Am I to assume this is 1 5x7 journal? If so why the 3 different sizes. Thanks
Are the pages inside blank or lined?
Hi, I need 16 of Lama Li Classic Leather Journals 5X7. Do you have that many in stock?
The photo on the listing page shows a very different book than what I see when I open the link. ??
WiFi scan: Will this printer scan across the WiFi link as well?
Mac Compatibility?
Photos: Does the X4650 do a good job with photos?
can i print from my tablet to this printer
Do I have to use the the scan flatbed to scan or can i use the the paper load part to make mulitiple scans?
I've owned this printer for several years now. Has anyone else had ALOT of trouble with getting a "Communication" error that won't let you print?
paper jams: I was doing a bunch of copies and i had to change the paper i made sure i got it lined up right and will pull the paper so far and it acts like it jams and i checked and there's nothing in the way and this is the three printer i have gotten...
how do i change the ink cartridge
Are these refillable with a kit?
want to make sure that this is a lexmark cardridge and not refurbished or refilled
I currently use 36xl and 37xl in my printer. Would just the standard 36/37 cartridges work? I'm thinking the xl is a higher quality
What does "Return Prog" mean, in the product description? Yesterday I got a cartridge error, and I wonder if it has something to do with this?
Is the bottom of the cartridges (37 &amp; 36) supposed to look the same? 36XL has a rectangular strip &amp; 37XL has a square. My printer cant recognize 36XL.
Lexmark 5650 printer. Amazon says ONE 36XL or 37XL will work. This item containing BOTH cartridges says they will NOT work. Which is correct?
I have Lexmark X5650. On the site, it says its compatible but when I type in the little box next to the picture, it is not compatible... any thoughts?
Hello! Just wondering, does this come with both, a color cartridge and a black cartridge? Not just 2 black cartridges?
how do you know this is an original Lexmark cartridge that has not been refurbished or refilled?
Is the top smooth, or textured? I want to draw on it and can't have texture
I can't really afford a desk right now, would this be a good computer desk? i would put my monitor, speakers, keyboard, mouse, school work and other
Does it wobble? I want to use it for my sewing machine while quilting.
How much weight will it hold?
Hi, is there any assembly required? Thanks.
resin table: Can you add wheels to this to make it go over a wheelchair?
Can I put a heavy desktop on it, between 50-60 pounds?
does it come in other colors?
Does the table have a built in handle on the underside for easy carrying on it's side?
What is the weight limit?
what does return policy mean? Not stated on Amazon display ad for product
What does "Non-Retail Packaging" mean?
What is the difference between 37xl and 37xla?
Is this ink waterproof?
Wait, so you get a free fountain pen with the purchase of the ink bottle?
Is it oil based or water based?
I received my pen, but the additional rollerball nib that comes with it is stuck inside the top end of the barrel and it won't come out. Suggestions?
Is the pen that comes with this ink a Noodlers Pen, or a Platinum Preppie?
is the pen fine nib or medium nib ?
Im wondering how easy it is to fill the pen with the eye dropper? I have filled other fountain pens so it is not a biggie but was just wondering .
how does this ink compare to Pilot's iroshizuku ? I am interested in the pen, but is the ink worth it ? any issues, or it's really good ?
does anyone know what level of fineness the nib is that comes with the pen? Fine/Medium/Broad?
Can I use Heart of darkness in the pen I had Noodler's Black in without cleaning the pen first? That is, can they be mixed?
what are the dimensions?
Is is assembled?
Is it flimsy or sturdy? Does it wheel easily?
does the front wheel rotate
size
How much does it weigh?
weight of cart
I'm in a wheelchair &amp; use the city's Handi-Ride to get groceries. Will I have any trouble using this cart?
what are the measurements of it when it is folded?
do i have to assemble the cart
What to do when the power button collapses?
easy to set up and use: it this printer easy to set up and operate?
WHERE DO I GET THE DISK FOR MY PRINTER?
where can I get a manuel for this printer?
Please tell me how to scan using the F4280 printer.
Windows ME - Driver for: Is there a way to make this printer work with my operating system?
Would this be compatable with windows 8? Thanks!
are these forms for the year, 2013??
I need 1099 for tax year 2014 - Are these for 2014?
Are these forms 2013? I need tax year 2013.
can they be used for 2014
ARE THESE FORMS FOR 2012 TAX YEAR??
Can these forms work with the inkjet printer?
Are these forms compatible with Quickbooks?
How many people (not forms) does a package of 24 cover? I know there are copies B,C etc so i don't know if 24 forms is just for 8 people?
Does this kit include the software needed to prepare the forms?
Are these 2013 forms?
will it support a 27 " monitor safely?
How long do the base of the legs measure? I can't tell from the photo whether they match the 12 inches of the shelf or ar somewhat shorter. Thanks.
what is the real surface depth? I have a laptop that is about 12.5 inches deep. will it fit on the surface?
what is the height underneath the shelf and what is the length between the feet ?
Can you remove the back lip?
how many inches is it between the risers. I have a 17 1/2" keyboard I'd like to slide under when not using.
How far apart are the two legs? How much room do I have to set something between them?
Can you remove the dividers?
Can you use this one for the bed desk??
What is the height from desk top to shelf top?
Can the rear lip be removed?
Can you leave the shelf dividers off?
Is this strong enough to function as a tv riser for 46" tv?
Please advise the height under the shelf and the inner width distance between the legs. Thanks.
This product states that it will hold up to 100lbs. I would like to use this product as part of my TV stand to elevate my 65'' TV. Is this possible?
How do you open the stapler to load more staples? I have this model and cannot figure it out! Help, please.
We are stapling two sheets, and the staples go right though and leave a hole. Is there any way to adjust the tension so smaller jobs have less force?
where is this stapler made? Is it made in China or Taiwan?
what size staples does it use?
are these acid free?
Are they positively acid and PVC free?
Can the sleeves accept the thicker screw-down or magnetic card holders as well?
Are the small spaces around the photo slots open to allow inserting a label?
are they acid free?
If purchased, we will be using these in a productions setting. Does anyone know how durable these are? Is there a mil thickness to them?
are the pages archival quality?
How wide is the slot?
Can this item be used outside? I'm looking for a secure box to be mounted outside. Thank you.
can we buy two, keyed alike
How many keys come with the box. If only one, can we order several more..?
CAN I GET 14 OF THEM KEYED THE SAME
is this mountable
outdoor florida ?
is this weather resistant
Can replacement keys be ordered for this mailbox? We purchased one a few years ago and recently lost our keys.
I was suprised to find that the "slot" opening was on the 12" side and not the 10" side, different than it appears in the photo. Is this standard?
Dimensions say 14.5 x 16.5 x 39 inches........Is the 39 inches the height of the handle?
Can this item be used to carry dumb bells from one room to another; one 15 lb, two 10 lb, two 8 lb and two 5 lb weights?
how accurate are the diamentions? looking for something that will hold a 5 gal water bottle.
Can you tell me approximately how many bags of groceries this would hold? Thank you
How heavy is the crate?
How deep is the cart?
does this come with a lid?
I have this time clock and I lost the key to it. Can someone upload a picture of what the key looks like?
Does this print the time AND the date on the time cards?
Will this time clock permit signals for break, quit, etc?
Does this automatically change date and time at months' end and daylight savings time?
How long does the battery last with 5 people using it during the week?
Does it print military time?
What time cards do you need to use with this? We already own TOPS 3.5" x 9" weekly cards (#1259) and it would be nice to keep using them.
is this model battery operated? Or does it need to have access to a plug in (AC outlet)?
Does this product include ribbon?
How many paper can staple? 20 sheet?
Does this have a logo or brand name on it? I do not like logos thank you.
Can the metal part be completely removed from the clear part? I'd like to try to spray paint it a different color.
What country is this made in?
Is the stapler transparent, so that you are able to see when you are low on staples? That was my main reason for buying.
Can I use this product for keychain size cards?
Making a card game. Would an insert 3.5 x 2.5 fit in these pouches? Or what's the biggest size paper that would fit?
Are these pouches punched?
Is this for thermal lamination, needing a lamination machine?
is this pouch used with the laminating machine?
Does it seal clear or it has some weird texture on it?
How many pieces are there in the package??
What is the quantity?
I can't get mine to open - they seen to be one solid piece and there are no instructions. Are they bad are am I missing something?
Is this in index card size?
Is this detachable? I would want to do 3 &amp; 3 instead of 6 tall.
Are these the stiff, but flexible material of most rubbermaid products? I'm sick of the brittle, hard plastic letter trays that crack so easily.
How tall are the trays individually?
Will these hold a letter sized manila folder?
can you fit a standard wood puzzle board on this rack? I'm thinking of getting it for puzzle storage.
I can't see the individual bottoms, are they solid or open? Would smaller papers slide through is what I'm asking. Thanks
Would this work for college sized textbooks? would they be to heavy and cause the shelf to bend or snap?
What is the overall size of the six stacked trays?
How much space is there between trays (how tall a box can I put in the tray and not hit the next one?)
I'm looking for a system to store and separate different reams of laser paper, photo paper, bright white, everyday paper, etc. Is it sturdy enough?
What kind of refill does it take?
Is the barrel of the colored pen (blue, black or red) plastic or painted steel?
Does anyone know which model this is? I've had experience with both the French and Chinese made jotters, and the French ones are more robust.
bought one and it ran out of ink the next day?
Does this pen work with the Parker Quink Gel ink refills?? These ~&gt; http://www.amazon.com/Parker-Refills-...
How long is this pen? I have to fit it onto my jotter pad.
The Oct 8, 2013 answer states that "Any Parker refill will work in the Jotter. Parker Quink Ink Roller Ball Pen Refills do NOT. What to order?
Does this model have the parker "P" engraved in the clicker button?
Hi there! I would like to know if is this pen is an original Parker Pen? Thanks!
what type of refill does the pen take
What is the depth of this item ~ I've seen it advertised as 1" thick, and 2" thick??
Can a 3rd gen. iPad fit into the interior velcro pocket?
Does A4 paper fit into this or is it only for letter size papers/pads? Can it hold a pad which opens to the left or only pads which opens to the top?
Comments refer to this padholder as being "leather," but I see nothing in the description that says it's made of leather. Anyone know whether it is?
will the disk slot hold cds?
Its real leather?
Will my mac book air and approximately 20 sheets of paper fit in this product?
It's NOT possible to place a file folder on the left side of the Samsill #70820 ~ will it fit on the left side of this one?
How does this cork board mount on a wall?
How does this frame look? Is it cheap looking or nice? I want to use it in a boy's bedroom and need it to look high end. Thx!
Can it be hung horizontal or vertical
What is the black side edging made from? Is it durable so could stand board on that edge on an easel?
Are these pens suitable for marking in a Bible? Do they bleed easily?
Can these be used on fabric for detailed labeling? Thanks
When I ordered these before, the inks were dry. Frustrating but too much trouble to send Back. I need to know how to reactivate.
are these used for drawings for pen &amp; ink?
Is the ink waterproof? Thanks.
Is this pen good for writing on the backs of photographs?
I'm getting one of those canvas art on Etsy as a guestbook for my wedding and am looking for pens that will write well on canvas. Will this do?
Is this white ink? How many pens come in a package?
Does this pen write well on plastic? I want to repair the letters on my keyboard.
Want to get some autographs on a NY Giants helmet but hard to find a great white pen to use..anybody recommend this pen for such use.
is there any way to unclog any white gel pen that clogs? why don't any of the manufacturers come up with a solution? is it, they don't want to?
Which ink refills this pen?
Is this for a pack of 12 pens for the price of $9.85 + $4.57 for shipping ? Your Product Details listing is showing only weight of each pen
Are these UM-153s?
Why does it say "Pack of 12" but only one pen?
It is not clear as to whether this is a 3-pack or 1 pen in this item. please clarify
is price for just one pen?
Is Turkish available as a language
Does this require a special charger/adapter or can it be used with an existing European adapter that I already have?
can the person spoken to use it to reply?
Does it use latin american spanish or spanish from spain?
Does it have Greek
mexican spanish is different than regular spanish will it translate correctly?
Does this translator also have a currency converter ?
Does the device print out the language
how do you use it with a local who speaks another language. Do you need 2 units, one for yourself and one to translate the native speaker to English?
does it translate words or only phrases? i need to hear russian words translated into english
what is the width measurement?
what is the content weight limit?
What is the cabinet made of?
Do you need more than standard screw driver to put this chair together?
I have purchased this model without the casters. Can they be added? If so, Please provide the details for ordering the casters..
what is the arm height for this chair
how high is the seat from the floor?
From the floor, how high are the arm rests?
How wide is the chair?
I want to order the casters that were shown int the picture
how smooth ar castors?
Is this chair suitable as a dining chair(at the table)? I have a basic size dining table(as opposed to a formal table).I also have a bad lumbar back and sciatica-is this chair comfy?Thanks so much.
where can i purchase the casters
April 4th i Buy 2 Boss Captain's Chairs In Black Vinyl W/ Casters but the rolling do not work good , please help me where to buy the rolling
How high is the actual seat from the floor? I need to adjust office chairs to their highest setting and am concerned that this might be too low.
I'm looking at storage of the chairs for when they are not in use. Are the chairs stackable?
Chair with Casters: How tall from ground to top of arm rest (how many inch from floor to top of arm rest)
can I use it as 2 separate desks without attaching the corner piece?
What are the lengths of EACH section of this desk and the small corner piece? How deep and tall are the sections?
Can the keyboard tray be set to either side of the desk?
How deep is the keyboard drawer? Thanks!
Can I turn one of the desks to the opposite side to create almost a 2-person? So one person will sit in the inside and another on the outside part
How much weight can this desk hold?
How easily would this desk disassemble? I'm planning on moving sometime in the next few months, but the price of the desk was just lowered.
My desk came without assembly instructions. Does anyone have a set that can be emailed to me?
What is the height of the keyboard tray, looking for something Erognomic? And it sounds like the mouse and keyboard cannot fit together?
do you have enough space to fit a keyboard and a mouse in the keyboard tray?
I'm seriously thinking about ordering this chair, how is it holing up for those of you who own it? Is it worth $168.29?
How do you get the chair to tilt backwards? I turned the knob in front both ways and it barely tilts back
Good Lumbar Support for 5'2" ? How Much Does the Chair Recline? Reviews vary from 20 to 45 degree angles... can anyone confirm?
The base seems to wobble around about 10 degrees from the middle of the base at all times (instead of upright) , can anyone confirm if this is normal
Are the armrests able to slide under a 28 inch desk?
LEATHER
actual back height please from seat base to top of headrest
What are the actual seat dimensions? (measuring the actual seating area)
Does this chair work for short, petite people- like 5'2" 115lb?
How do you take this thing apart? mine came with a broken arm rest that i didnt notice until i got it all together.
why i try buying 4 chairs and is allowing me to buy only 3
Where is the chair made?
Is it easy to put togeher? I am a single woman.Thanks.
Do you have available? Need 12
Do you have 4 available?
what is the height from the floor to the seat
When are you getting more in stock? I see that you only have 1 left. Thx.
what is the height of the arm
My order for this chair with in black is missing all the hardware to put it together
Is there a round table (42") available that would match these chairs
Is there a warranty on these chairs?
Are these chairs comfortable to sit in for a couple of hours at the computer?
Do these casters move on carpeting? w Do these wheels move on carpeting? Are they nylon wheels and what diameter?
floor to seat height w/castors please
How high is the chair seat? (Seat of chair down to floor with casters)
What is height to top of armrest? Does it slide under table
Do they come assembled?
What does assembly required entail?
Is it possible to remove the casters, pull out of a sleve, as an option? I ordered the chairs with the casters as it was a better price than without.
Is there a matching table for these chairs.
can you provide me with exact dimensions of the desk?how long and how wide is each "L"
Is the desk tall enough for a computer chair? 29 inches seems quite short.
How wide is the keyboard tray exactly?
with iMac, no tower, so is that cpu part able to be left off and not assembled as part of the desk?
what is the funny little piece with handles shown on the floor between under the triangle. does it attach to anything?
how deep is each piece?
how strong is the glass
how many pounds is it able to support?
I've had this desk for about a year and love it - I was wondering if anyone has successfully popped monitor clamps on the desk and not had any problem
Can you move the keyboard mount to the other side?
1. How much does it weigh? 2. Can it be easily disassembled?
How many inches are between the bottom and middle shelf?
HI, what were the approximate dimensions of the package it arrived in? wondering if I can check the package it arrived in as baggage for flight.
What are the shelves made of? Ok for outdoor patio use?
Are the shelves really 36.5" in length as shown in the description? Other amazon answers seem to differ.
Can I fold this for safe space keeping? Thank you.
the aluminum tubes that connect the shelves together.What is the diameter of the aluminum tubes?
I have to move several large signs from place to place. The dimensions work but I wonder if having only 3 lips on the cart would make them "tippy"?
any problem if i put a small microwave oven on top shelf, and a compact toaster oven on middle shelf? .. dimensions are good - weight capacity fine -
can you remove middle shelf
this one has autocutter?
does it already have the ethernet cord connection, and does NOT need an extra adapter?
Does this Printer have the RJ11 conection? I.E. connects to the network with modified phone jack
does it require anything other than plugging in to replace old one?
Does this come with any warranty?
is the model number m188b ?
can this printer print chinese letter?
can duplicate tape be used with this product?
do you have a wireless kitchen printer?
does this one have autocutter?
How do you stop it from overflowing out of the tube?
I'm looking to attach wire hanging hardware (a hook etc) to the back of a 20lb aluminum sheet to hang it on a wall. Is this the right product?
Would it dry like super glue?
Would this work to glue craft wire to wood ?
Hello I have a chain(Jewelry) with a link broken. Can i fix it with this glue? Can anyone did that before?
Does this glue have the vapor which affects stone sparkle?
can I use this to glue a gemstone to stainless steel
can this glue be heated to 275?
Which mod podge should be used over acrylic craft paint for a high gloss shine w/o yellowing?
I am new to Mod podge and decoupage, I want to glue paper or fabric to a glass vase, but I want a high gloss and hard finish. Which one should I use?
Say I put a layer of this on a small piece of furniture then add glitter and another layer over that. Do I still have to use an acrylic seal?
I am making blocks for a child using old stamp blocks. I used gloss luster mod podge. Can I use the hard coat to ensure a good seal?
Please help me:I'm working on decoupage a map to a table top. My question is which modpodge I should go with? "furniture" one or this one "hardcoat"?
I want to make coasters and use this to seal them--how soon could I use the coasters after applying? I can't wait 4 weeks, do I need a different kind?
I have some small origami pieces that I want to make into jewelry, which would be the best MP to preserve and protect a 3D paper piece like origami?
Does this take heat once cured? I need something to seal coasters that will have to endure some heat.
Mod Podge: Would Mod Podge work or can anyone recommend something different?
Will this be able to withstand Phoenix 110 degree heat and sunlight in late afternoon in a covered patio?
i have hp 4215 all in one. dying. what is best replacement?
Can this be used wirelessly?
the seller responded and there is a 30 warranty
my hp laserjet m1319fmfp 2009 printer,4 year guaranteed (to 2013,just run out) stop printing,copy and fax. i still have 4 new cartridges ($80 each) shall i have it fix it by hp? or shall i buy a used one so i can use the cartri.? thanks
Does "X-Fine" mean "Extra-Fine" (EF) and is it good for professional illustrations/manga/comics?
does anyone use a rotring art pen and can compare to this?
i bought this pen, the nib often goes dry and i need to shake and drop out some ink then only i can proceed, its really annoying, suggestions ?
What kind of cartridges does it use? Easy to find?
how wet dose it write?
is the ink converter included?
Does this have a connection for a headset?
I would like to buy several of these, but they will only work for us if they are Firmware Release 2.0 or lower. Can you confirm the Release #?
I need the pictured 5410 phone (gray one) when you open the picture it shows a newer version (black) ,which one you are selling gray or black?
The picture does not show the 5410, is this for the 5410 or the one pictured?
Would this tape be ok to secure my pickup bed liner at rear edges to the truck metal bed or is it overkill for this app? Pete C, Ct
When attaching flexible plastic sheet Solar panels (41 x 21" each) to a .024 Seamless Aluminum trailer roof, how much tape should be used and where?
Will the 3M VHB Heavy Duty Mounting Tape 5952 Black, 3/4 in x 15 yd 45 mil hold a fairly large wooden frame (5' X 6') to a glass surface (a mirror)?
Need to mount 1/4" sheetrock in 4'x8' panels which weigh 28.8lbs ea to an adjoining firewall in townhouse. Should the tape hold w/o concerns?
will this hold and stick plastic fender flares on truck?
I plan to use this tape for a gun magnet for my vehicle. So, will this work? A loaded Glock 23 will be attached to the gun magnet. Thanks.
I'd like to install a solar panel to the top of a black cargo box on my van. Will this tape hold up to desert heat (120*+) and driving 80mph?
What is the shelf life of this product? Quite often a person buys an item like this, uses it once, and might not need it again for a year or so.
Can this be used to attach shelves to drywall?
I want to secure heavy metal shelves. Will this tape support 90 lbs/square inch?
Can you use the chalk markers on this item?
Will the texture of the wall affect the surface of the chalkboard?
does it mar the surface when you peel it off?
What kind of liquid chalk markers can you use this with?
will magnets stick to this?
I'm looking to use this in my office- does it peel the paint off when removed?
what is the measurements of each panel
Will these stick to concrete walls? For example, an unfinished basement.
can we use the sheet on cubicle wall? It is sort of carpeted.
Does this come with any chalk? If not, what chalk works best?
is toner color
is toner included
does it take legal size paper?
Why does paper come out crooked?
How long does tonar last?
Do you need a computer to use it? I just want to make copies and I have decided not to replace my broken computer.
does it need to be hooked up to a computer?
what are the dimensions
can you copy on cardstock?
HOW FAST DOES IT MAKE A COPY
if i want noncolor prints can i use hp60black single cartridge
Any alternative to HP 61 for ink cartridges?
Does it fit the Envey120 All in one printer?
will this work on HP D110a
Does it fit HP officejet 4630?
The cartridges come in ORIGINAL BOX HP, where you can clearly see the expiration date?
how many pages does it print?
what&acute;s the manufacturing place and date? (printed on the back of the box)
This serves the cartridge hp photosmart D110?
hello i have an HP Deskjet D5560 printer, this cartridge works with my printer? Thank you!!
Is it compatible with HP 4500?
What is the expiration date?
How many cartridges come with the HP 901XL CC654AN#140 Ink Cartridge-Black ?
How much longer does the 901 XL last than the 901 black? The 901 costs $13.95 and the 901 XL costs $33.99. Is it really worth more than 2X's?
is it compatible with hp officejet j4680 all in one?
Hi, it is an original HP cartridge?
I Have A HP Office jet4500 does this printer offer Fast Draft?
The cartridges come in ORIGINAL BOX HP, where you can clearly see the expiration date?
what does "N" mean? Mine is CC643W, these are CC643WN.
Is this legit HP ink cartridges? I bough refillable ones on ebay thinking my HP d110a will take it but it did not. I don't want to waste any more $ ):
how many copies?
Does this tricolor ink work with the Photosmart C4600?
When is the expiration date ?
hello, i have a HP DEskjet D5560, this cartridge works with my printer? thank you!!
hello, i have a HP DEskjet D5560, this cartridge works with my printer? thank you!!
I have a HP officejet4500 desktop, product cc653am. Will this produce be the right one for my printer?
Put this printer back in use for photos only printed about 40 81/2x11 photos on tricolor cartridge, is this typical?
I have a 4500 series. The black cartridge from the printer is: cc654a. Do I need the exact same numbered cartridges for this to work?
Is there an XL model for higher copy count?
what printers does this ink carrtidge work in?
Is this an original HP brand ink cartridge with original HP ink or is it a remanufactured cartridge? thx
What is the expiration date on this cartridge? Thanks.
expire date
I have very little computer/printer savvy. Can I hook up an Epson printer to a HP computer? 500gb hard drive/4gb ram.
Is this product a genuine HP 60XL cartridge or a refilled cartridge? It is described as being "our compatible HP 60XL".
Is the product you send come in the packaging as shown in the picture you display as the item?
What are the expiration dates of your 60xl Black cartridges? If I decide to order I would want a cartridge with a 2015 expiration date or later.
CAN I REFILL THIS CARTRIDGE?
Hi, Is this compatiable with HP DeskJet F2480? thank you
how many pages does it print? Could it be that low?
what is the expiration date of the cartridge?
What size is refill, medium,large?
Will this be able to take gel/ rollerball type refill from cross... if i wanted to swap the ballpoint refill with those?
what color ink comes with the pen?
Where is this pen made?
what is the item number for the refills.
do you ship to Israel?
Will this fit a Pilot MR?
The metal connector inside my converter seems broken... it just rattles around inside the plastic converter tube-- I assume this is NOT usual??
Does this fit a pilot plumix fountain pen?
Will this fit Pilot's Kakuno fountain pens?
Is there a better converter for this pen? I can't seem to get much ink into this one. Thank you.
Will this replace the namiki ic100 disposables (not sure my pilot pen type, but it takes those)
This &iacute;tem fits prera pens
Does this fit a Pilot 78G? Thanks
deos this fit pilot elite 95 and capless fermo?
does this work on pilot cocoon
With converter does this pen use. .
Where's the pen made in? China or Japan?
How do you open the pen to get the cartridge in? Neither the very top or the middle unscrews. When I tried to unscrew the area where the nib is the cartridge didn't fit.
Does this pen come with a converter?
is 16 26 compatible with the 17 27 cartridges?
do they work in the Lexmark x1240 all in one?
wil this work in the 1200 series all in one printer
Non wireless port? Does this printer have a network port for those who don't want the wireless?
Snow Leopard support: Any word on how the printer does under Snow Leopard?
wireless install issue? Anybody with similar experience?
why won't it print envelopes?
What is the page count on this machine?
Does it print labels for CDs and DVDs?
How fast does it scan? I can't find anything about that in specs.
Manual Duplex? Does this printer have manual duplex in the drivers?
Print Black or color? Does it print in both black toner and also color?
Does this have a scanning function?
Is toner included with the printer? Does this printer come with toner?
does this print in color as well?
Does anybody know why this printer would suddenly lose all scanning function? I cannot scan to email or file. I get a loud long beep and then nothing.
network
Copying: Does this printer do automatic duplex copying???
How come this copier price raised by $30 in 2 weeks?
Is this paper coated on two sides?
has anyone used this paper in a printer that does not have manual feed? my new samsung laser all in one has pickup problems with heavy paper
can you use this on a laser printer
Can I print them in an inkjet printer? I have a canon IP 3500
How thick is each sheet of Xerox 3R11458 Digital Color elite Gloss Cover Stock, 80 lb, 8 1/2 x 11
is this correct for making cards
What size TV will it hold??? A 47" ???
would this fit a 50" tv?
Does it have doors to cover front of TV?
Does the drawer have t-lock spaces for dvds? Do you have to install it?
Do you have to drill holes for cords yourself?
Will VHS ( the big Disney ones) fit in this unit including the door shelves?
What are the Height, Width and Depth dimensions?
Does the cabinet hold 272 DVDs as stated?
does this have 2 or 3 adjustable shelves ?
Is it required to install the lock assembly for those who don't like it? WIll there be a hole if you dont install it?
Is the product solid oak or oak laminate?
Is the exterior a paper finish?
how much does the unit weigh?
Will it hold records?
I have something similar &amp; the shelves on the door have a thin "bar" to make sure nothing falls when you open the door. Does this too?
What are the size dimensions?
does this have FULL suspension?
Is there any assembly required?
Does this filing cabinet have a lock and key?
Is there any assembly required?
does this cabinet have a frame to hole files or are there do they hang on metal hooks attached to side ?
how tall without wheels?
Will these drawers hold legal "redwell" style folders? They measure a little more than 9 1/2 inches tall. Earlier responses have me concerned!
Can I hang the letter files sideways?
Can I assume this cabinet has the racks to hang the file folders?
How High can this stand go?
Does the top turn clockwise to either pull it straight in front of you under a couch or use it sideways if in a bed? The long leg looks as if it does.
How big is the computer top size? Hold 17 inch computer?
What are the dimensions of the table top?
do the wheels scratch hardwood floors?
Does this table have (2) hand screws for adjusting the height as shown in the photo? This is important for keeping the entire table level.
The pic shows the unit coming at the user from the right. My application requires it coming from the left. Can I flip the wooden table top 180 degrees then fasten it with the screws?
How high, in inches, is the base with wheels? I'm looking for a table that has a short enough base to fit underneath my couch.
placed at bed side how many inches would the table be over the bed ?
is the side table large enough to hold a book or notes or is only large enough for a mouse?
Does it have the 2014 calendar? And is it 2 page per day display or 2 page per week ?
So it includes? Binder, FOr whole year monthly tabs?paper insert:Lft side todolist/daily schedule.RtA;Notes?
is there a pocket on the front or is the curved part just trim?
what is the ring size on this?
Are there pockets inside the front &amp; back covers? Please describe.
Is this planner "compact or monarch?
Can you fit a full year of 2page per day refill in this binder at one time?
Why would you need to by a 2page per day refill if it already comes with a "2014 calendar and is 2 pages per day" as previously answered?
What does the deluxe starter set consist of ?
How do you personalize the stamp?
Can I custom the stamp with my signature? Do you have in black color ?
i ts white or red i want white
how many lines?
Can this stamp be created with a multicolor ink pad for multicolor impressions?
If using for just one word (e.g. "APPROVED" or "RELEASED"), what is the size (height x width) of the font or the print pad area?
dimensions
What are the dimensions?
I have a widescreen monitor, but not enough desk space for this pad. Would I be able to let it stick out over the edge of the desk and still be usable, or will it bend?
unique text?
Can I have different sized font for each line? How do I order what I need?
I need one line of large lettering. I also need red ink. Can I have both of these options if I buy this stamp?
Can the text be oriented vertically rather than horizontally? I.E. two rows of three letters.
Can you place a logo in the stamp? I need logo and text.
When and how do I tell you what I want on these stamps? Please let me know what to do.
What do I do to get my ESP C15 Kodak to quit pulling in paper sideways?
I need to purchase a software disc for my Kodak Office Hero 6.1 printer. I lost the disc that came with the printer.
Does Kodak ESP5 work with windows 7 ?
Is this a wireless printer
does this printer print two sides?
how do I get a replacment manual
Hi, is it possible keep purchase this map with a white frame or no frame at all?
How do you switch light on for each city or country?
What is the difference between Lighttravels illuminated world map with pegs ($279.99) andLightravels map sold by McCarthy's Geographics ($229.99) ?
what about the voltage (power supply ) difference for other countries??...eg..australia is 240 volt.
Are these pencils basic colors or all metallic colors?
Do the pencils actually HAVE metallic colors? Is black included in the set of 12? Thanks!
hi everyone, could you tell me how many pencils are there in the package you receive altogether? the picture is a bit misleading thanks
what are the dimensions of this calculator?
Does it automatically clear both memories when the top is closed?
Does it convert currency when traveling abroad?
What does 'Dual Leaf' mean? And, are the Buttons large enough for a man to use easily?
How easy is it to read in low-light conditions?
Are the buttons soft touch or hard plastic?
does this calculator know doing multiplication/division before addition/subtraction? Let's say if you enter "5+3x2", does it give 11 or 16? thanks.
Does it flop in use? Or will it stay open flat? I.e. if you hold it by the keyboard, and wave it around, does the lid/display flop around?
What batteries does the Casio SL-100L need?
How soon can I get my order delivered in Jackson NJ from Delray Fl. if it has been shipped and it has left the carrier facility as at 5.30pm today?
Will this glue work to mend pottery or china?
Does this work as fabric glue or do I need to buy the fabric glue one from this brand? Thanks.
Can I hang posters on the wall using this glue? Even the larger 54''x38'' types?
What is better? I need to adhere paper designs to a wooden chair. Then I need to apply polyurethane on top. What works best? Thanks!
Will Aleene work well attaching metal to plaster of paris
would I be able to glue a metal pin to something laminated
Hi, can you use this glue for "patches" on clothes? Will it stay on after washing? Thanks.
How long does it take this glue to dry?
Can this glue be used to adhere paper to plastic, such as paper labels to a plastic jar?
does this glue bleed into fabric
My carpet guy told me to get some pure latex fabric glue to fix the frayed serging on my carpet - is this it?
I want a washable glue to apply glitter to a bathing suit. Will this work well?
Would this work to make a patch on a sofa, where you'd be sitting on it, have kids jumping on it, etc.?
Can I use it to shorten curtains?
can this glue be used to attach ribbon to fabric without the ribbon puckering?
Can I use my finger to spread the glue evenly on fabrics? Is this glue easily removed if it touches skin?
I need to glue a snap onto my daughter's jeans. Will this take the pulling that comes with undoing the snap? Does anyone have any recommendations?
Can you use this on a nylon flag that is outside?
What color is it when it dries? I would like to use it prevent further unraveling.
Can this work good to glue elastic on polyester?
can it be used on concrete and is it weather proof?
Anyone else get a headache after using Mod Podge?
Is this a good product to seal a plastic Frisbee? Is there one type of mod podge that will work better?
can I use mod podge to seal an acrylic exterior wall painting on plywood and does the exterior product come in a satin finish
Which one would be best to use applying fabric to glass plates?
Does this dry stiff or flexible?
Can this be used to make a pi&ntilde;ata?
Can I use this to help keep my stickers in place so they dont fall off? Making Ornaments.
can this modge podge be used to seal non toxic acrylic paint on a wooden block?Please help thank you.
Can this be used to transfer a photo onto wood or do I need another type of gel medium
is this flexible for sports gloves
I have a long leather coat .It is so heavy to wear and I am thinking of cutting it off and making a short jacket.Do you think this would work on this?
does it fix tear in leather seat in cars
Need to glue a leather patch on a leather chair to cover a split - what type of glue?
Can I use this glue to attach fabric zipper facing to a leather vest. The fabric ripped away from the stiching for about 3 inches on the front of a vest. I cannot sew it back on without removing the entire zipper. Will the glue repair this?
Does anyone know if this will glue a patch-like an iron-on/sew-on patch, to leather?
i Sewing my boots with Needle make may Pores between interior sole and outsole,can this product prevent of water leak to inside?
Will it attach Velcro to leather to add stability to a magnetic purse closure
WILL THIS ADHESIVE STICK TO WOOD? THANK YOU
Are these folders close on 3 sides? Are the write on labels erasable?
How many pages will fit in each sleeve?
Will they fit an A4 sized (European letter size) sheet of paper
Are these flimsy or pretty stiff? We don't want them to fall down in our files.
Are they made of plastic?
Is this the bin unit whose dividers have 4 ~ 3/4" wide 'feet' that hold divider upright? I saw one like this that had these angled bottom supports.
Is the top left bin big enough (and unit strudy enough) to hold 4 stacks (say 25 ea) of 10 oz paper cups? 3 Stacks?
Are there lots of slots for the dividers to change widths by say 1/2" increments? Or can you only remove a seperator and have a double sized bin.
What material is the surface of the mouse pad made of? I'm looking for something not cloth as they really can be cleaned, it this like a plastic?
is there any scratchy noise from the texture when in use?
I have an Apple Magic Mouse. Will this work with it?
I dont really need a mousepad to use the mouse, but the noise my mouse makes on my wood desk is very distracting...does this reduce noise?
Does 3M make it larger? If not what pad is close to it for a gaming mouse?
Does anyone know how to clean the adhesive backing on this thing?
can this be cut easily? I'm looking for something to stick on the inside of my laptop next to the flat built-in mouse. ( about 2"x4")
How durable is the adhesive side of it ? I plan to use it with my mac wherever I go which involves removing it from surfaces rather often.
Does animal hair stick? Example: Cat hair, Dog hair, etc?
What do you do when the adhesive gets crumb-y, dusty, etc. from being on multiple surfaces?
Does this comes with filling tabs a-z or not, the picture on the manufacturer website is shown with so it s confusing...
As the description mentions that these boxes are good for "archival filing" and in a separate location they say for photo storage...are they acidfree?
Can I get the length, width and height of this box please.
I am curious if this item is big enough to hold letters or regular birthday/holiday cards?
Will this box hold 5 x 8 index cards? It states the box is 5 x 8. Is 5 x 8 the outside measurements of the box?
wWhat is the length of the 5 x 8 box?
someone mentioned heat setting the fabric after painting on it. Is this true?
Does this box contain a pink marker? If so, is it hot pink or bubble-gum-pink?
Are these fine markers or fat markers?
Does the marker bleed through to the opposite side of the clothing?
What colors are in them?
How well has it worked on jean?
What fabric do these markers work best on? We are looking to decorate pillow cases. Is all cotton better? Thank you.
Can i draw on polyester? cotton? Does the material matter?
Will this work on a fleece blanket?
Do these work on darker colored fabrics?
Is panasonic the OEM for this product?
wondering if this would work on 220V 50 Hz?
are these phones worth the extra money? a lot of choices for around $100-$150
does anybody have problems with call waiting - my phone that I purchased does not show you who is calling while you're on the phone
base unit does not light up
base unit does not light up
What is the distance from the lower shelf to the bottom of the desk? I'm wondering if my computer case will fit in that space?
is the desk strong
Does the keyboard "tray" pull out, so you can type on it?
How do I get replacement parts for this desk?
Do you have to add cpu stand (iMac hasvno cpu) and don't want monitor stand either, can be left off when assembled?
Does it come with casters only like the picture indicates? Or is it optional?
How do I use these on a slingshot? Was thinking of making one, just not sure how to attach
What does "ergonomically correct" mean in this circumstance?
Approx. how many are in a box?
How wide is the rubber band? 1/4 inch, 1/2 inch or 3/4 inch????
How much stretch do they have? Twice original size? Three times? Thanks!
What are the dimensions of this item?
what is the size? what other colors do they come in?
How many are in a box?
how did you find the quality?
how many folders do you get?
scan
Can some one pls suggest generic ink for this printer... That works well ? Thanks
What is the weight of the HP Photosmart C4480 printer
Is this printer compatible with iMac Osx Mavericks?
wifi
Why it print only in collor
Does calendar come with a writing implement? or what do you suggest we use?
What is the actual size of the board?(Amazon says 3feetx2feet, then it says 3x3x25.5(!!). Also, does it come with Horizontal one side, vertical the other?
I received it a month ago, and it will still not stay flat. I kept flat under books for a few days. What next?
Can I use Low odor Dry Erase markers on this laminate?
How many inches are the blocks for each day, on side one and on side two?
Is this calendar reversible? The picture shows it is. I'm looking for calendar that is 24" wide. Thanks
The title says this is undated, but the pictures show the months pre-written and just the date boxes blank. Does this have to be a Jan-Dec calendar?
What are the dimensions on this cart? I see differing numbers on the description. Thanks!
Says on spec that it is 1 lb. That must be incorrect. What is the weight out of the box? Thanks
how long is the handle?
Does the item come fully assembled?
Would this work well to transport trash/recycling bins to the curb? I need it for that &amp; as a multipurpose cart...suggestions?
can it carry a washer up stairs?
What type of screws does this truck have?
Can I replace the wheels
What type and size screw is being used to hold the wheels?
What specific screws are used on the back along the dimensions? Are they specialty screws? Where can I buy them?
how many bands in one pack? I need 300 bands. thank you.
About how many bands are there in one package?
Pictures are confusing. The small picture shows tan bands that look like the right size (3.5 X 1/4); however, main page picture shows thin bands. ??
would these fit comfortably around a wrist?
Is this band large enough to put around a legal pad without bending the pad?
is this blue ink or black ink?
Will this pen fit the Classic SD knife? I've seen one listed as large which I believe is too long. Don't know what this one is.
Is this in blue ink? Would appreciate if anyone could tell me. Thanks!
how do you use this in a fountain pen?
Will this fit the old style no nonsense calligraphy pens made in the 70s and 80s?
This converter fits my Sheaffer Balance II please ?
Does anyone know of a fountain pen cartridge converter that will fit my Parker Sonnet fountain pen OTHER than a Parker converter?
will this converter work in the sheaffer calligraphy pen set that is sold on amazon?
Do the dividers have pockets?
Is there a 3 - Hole punched version of this item?
Is 1 pack = 6 notebooks?
what is the size is it 6 1/2 by 9?
How long does shipping take?
There are 6 different colors shown - if I order 6 is there a way to insure I will receive the 6 different colors and not all the same?
Does it work with T-moblie and does this phone has accessibility/talkback contact feature? and the keypad make sound when press on?
DO I NEED A CONTRACT WITH THIS PHONE
Does the phone come with a home wall charger?
Hi. This is for legal or Letter size paper only?
will this fit 12x12 scrapbooking paper?
WIll A4 papers fit nicely?
Do hanging folders fit in this file box?
Is this pen heavy? Thank you to anyone who can answer this question!
Does it come in a gift box?
Is the ink in this pen blue or purple?
Are the compartments large enough to store the magazines with spines out?
what are the dimensions of the entire product?
Is it possible to put one more layer on top of it to make 16-Compartment and cover the lid?
Can I out it on top of each other?
What are the dimensions of the individual compartments? How wide, deep and tall????
Can this be mounted to a wall?
Would this organizer fit on a shelf that is 12 inches deep or would it be unstable due to the placement of the product's "feet"? Thank you.
I have a printer that I would like to store on top of this. The printers is wide and probably weighs twenty pounds. Will it support the weight?
12 x 12 paper fit? Does 12 x 12 paper fit into this paper compartment?
Can it hang?? Can this hang on the wall or does it need to sit on a desk?
Does this paper have numbered pages? What color is the quad ruling?
Do these give you a copy of everything that was written? Some sheets are special in that they create a duplicate anyway.
Does this book lay open flat? How easy do the pages erase?
Does this book lay open flat?
Does this work for PT-65
Does this work with model pt-80?
Does this work with PT90?
Description says Non-Laminated. I thought all of the labels were laminated (shiny). Could someone let me know if this is shiny material? Thx
the 2 stands for 2 pack
Is the p/n M-2312 equivalent to the M-231?
Is there a way you can overnight this item to me?
Does this include the Kofax VRS software?
A 3 star review says it does mixed paper sizes poorly... is that true? The same review says with a mixed stack (some color), if you want to preserve the color, your B+W pages will be a bloated file size because you had to choose color mode... is that...
What is the life span of the fujitsu scanner/
Mac compatibility: Does it work with Apple, iMac?
Does the sliding shelf extend only out the right side or can it extend from either side?
Anyone know dimensions on this?
I see two wheels in the photo. Can someone tell me how this unit is as far as portability? Easy to move? Stands solid / doesn't move when using it?
Is it made of solid wood or particle board?
how do i know the seller is offering the real authentic "Mont Blanc StarWalker Mystery Ballpoint" pen??
What about the box and the instructions manual ???
Hi, can you engrave it? I want Engrave it with "JHP"
Can this board be used vertically or horizontally?
does anyone know if this chalk board is also magnetic?
does this board have a tray for the eraser and chalk
What is the size of the actual chalkboard surface v. the frame?
can you use traditional chalk on it?
can this be cut in half?
can you use liquid chalk on this board
Is this board as actual slate board?
Is the frame made of actual wood?
Can you use chalk ink on it instead of traditional chalk?
Do wet erase chalkboard markers work well on this?
Can you use liquid chalk with this board?
Is this a non-porous chalkboard?
Does the chalkboard come out of the frame?
Hi! Could this be used outdoors?
Is any hardware included? If not, what's the best way to hang/mount this blackboard onto a wall?
Does this chalkboard have a chalk holder?
Is this board magnetic as well?
Fake Reviews: Is it a coincidence that this stuff has 24 reviews, all 5 star and all within just several months of each other?
Will this work to attach rear view mirrors in cars?
Will this work with a vinyl liner patch in an above ground pool?
cleaning hands of sticky jack glue
Is this for outdoor use.
Is this for outdoor use.
would it do well ot repair the convertible top on a 01 mustang the glass and top are separated and need glued back the top i think is canvas or vinyl
Will this work to glue leather to rubber?
Can this be used on fabrics?
is sticky ass glue non toxic?
If I'm making hand-cut envelopes out of vellum, and want to make them so they can actually be sealed and mailed, this is what I would use right?
Does it make the envelope paper wrinkle and wave?
What does it taste like?
is there only 1 bottle of glue in this package?
About how many envelopes can you use this on?
Only One Bottle for $14.99? One 1.6oz bottle?
Is this Price of about $15 for only 1 bottle like in the description?
Can this be used on an envelope that already has adhesive but the adhesive is very poor/weak?
What is the nib size?
How do I put the ink cartridge in it? There were no instructions.
Is it a fake pen? I am worry about this.
What brand of fountain pen ink would you recommend when using VERY expensive MontBlanc fountain pens?
Do you available in EF nib?
Is the warranty card stamped from an authorized dealer?
What paper work comes with it? Will Mont Blanc warranty the pen?
Is it current model?
Is the pen with a medium point nib or broad nib?
Can it be inscribed?
Why does the HP7520 need a 'special' black photo cartridge to print photos? None of the other printers I have owned have needed this.
Will this work in a Photosmart Premium C309?
what is the expiration of the 564XL cyan?
Without this, will the HP Photosmart 7520 print photos?
*Not for Photosmart Plus Printers* in desc.. But the Will this work with your printer tool says it will work on B210e PHotosmart Plus. Which is true
How do I replace the photo ink for hp C309a? It's not working even with all the other inks full? Does this ink work for photo slot only? Ridiculous no
How do I replace the photo ink for hp C309a? It's not working even with all the other inks full? Does this ink work for photo slot only? Ridiculous no
What is experation date?
Will the XL magenta fit in my HP Photosmart ESTN C510 series?
Your site says this cartridge is not compatible with the HP Phototsmart 6525 but HP support told me it is. can you please confirm this before I purcha
Why does the HP7520 need a 'special' black photo cartridge to print photos? None of the other printers I have owned have needed this.
Will this work in a Photosmart Premium C309?
what is the expiration of the 564XL cyan?
Without this, will the HP Photosmart 7520 print photos?
*Not for Photosmart Plus Printers* in desc.. But the Will this work with your printer tool says it will work on B210e PHotosmart Plus. Which is true
How do I replace the photo ink for hp C309a? It's not working even with all the other inks full? Does this ink work for photo slot only? Ridiculous no
How do I replace the photo ink for hp C309a? It's not working even with all the other inks full? Does this ink work for photo slot only? Ridiculous no
What is experation date?
Will the XL magenta fit in my HP Photosmart ESTN C510 series?
Your site says this cartridge is not compatible with the HP Phototsmart 6525 but HP support told me it is. can you please confirm this before I purcha
Does this item come in the original packaging? Sometimes I am sent cartridges in just a wrapper and this is no good for me. Please let me know.
what is the alternative?
What is the expiration date?
printing in black w/ empty color cartridges: Regarding the HP Photosmart 5510, can you print in black when one of the color cartridges is empty?
Will the 564XL work on my printer (officejet 4622), although the ink cartridge instructions say 564. My current 564 cartridges are narrow. tnx
Why does the HP7520 need a 'special' black photo cartridge to print photos? None of the other printers I have owned have needed this.
Will this work in a Photosmart Premium C309?
what is the expiration of the 564XL cyan?
Without this, will the HP Photosmart 7520 print photos?
*Not for Photosmart Plus Printers* in desc.. But the Will this work with your printer tool says it will work on B210e PHotosmart Plus. Which is true
How do I replace the photo ink for hp C309a? It's not working even with all the other inks full? Does this ink work for photo slot only? Ridiculous no
How do I replace the photo ink for hp C309a? It's not working even with all the other inks full? Does this ink work for photo slot only? Ridiculous no
What is experation date?
Will the XL magenta fit in my HP Photosmart ESTN C510 series?
Your site says this cartridge is not compatible with the HP Phototsmart 6525 but HP support told me it is. can you please confirm this before I purcha
Why does the HP7520 need a 'special' black photo cartridge to print photos? None of the other printers I have owned have needed this.
Will this work in a Photosmart Premium C309?
what is the expiration of the 564XL cyan?
Without this, will the HP Photosmart 7520 print photos?
*Not for Photosmart Plus Printers* in desc.. But the Will this work with your printer tool says it will work on B210e PHotosmart Plus. Which is true
How do I replace the photo ink for hp C309a? It's not working even with all the other inks full? Does this ink work for photo slot only? Ridiculous no
How do I replace the photo ink for hp C309a? It's not working even with all the other inks full? Does this ink work for photo slot only? Ridiculous no
What is experation date?
Will the XL magenta fit in my HP Photosmart ESTN C510 series?
Your site says this cartridge is not compatible with the HP Phototsmart 6525 but HP support told me it is. can you please confirm this before I purcha
Would thid work for the photosmart plus?
is this the replacement photo black for HP c309g all-in-one
Will this work for the 4620 officejet printer?
I have a Photosmart 7525. There are two separate black ink cartridges. One is slim like the colored ones and one is wide for photos.Which one is this?
For my HP564 printer I need the black cartridge that is wider, not the skinnier photo cartriddge. Is this the correct one (the wider black?) Thanks!
My printer has two black cartridges. One is wider than the other. The one I want is skinnier and has an hour glass shape. Is this the right one? Thank
I have a hp photosmart 7525 printer. Will this cartridge work?
Is this the pentagon shaped black ink
is this a large or regular size cartridge
What do I order if I want the narrow cartridge, like the colored ones, for my HP 7520 printer? r?
how long is the electrical cord?
This is Made in China or USA ?
Mine quit working after I emptied the chamber. I put it back, looked for a safety. It won't work anymore. Any help?
Will this sharpen colored pencils with good results?
Is it 220 volt capable for use outside the U.S.?
How many blades does it have, one or two? Thanks!
CAN IT SHARPEN COLORED PENCILS?
it is 110V? or work overseas?
what is maximum supported weight ?
Is this too high for desk use?
Are there any chairs that are sit to stand hight 20-30''? This one only adjusts up 5'' and the 205 starts at 25''...
Which are the dimensions and weight of the box
do the casters lock?
What is the seat cover material for this item? The picture shows faux leather but the description says fabric
What is the warranty on this item?
does this train ride by battery use on the tracks or do u have to push it around in other words is it motorized lol
Disney Main Street Railroad Train Set: Does anyone know how to get it to smoke again?
A few years back I saw this train set with a side facing car like one of the Disneyland trains. Is it possible to still buy this set or buy the car?
Is this train loud? Want to put it around my Christmas tree. Thanks
can i get replacement train tracks for this set ? need a contact
Will it work on contact paper chaulkboard paper? And wipe off?
Will these work on chalkboard paint?
How wide is the tip? 8mm? 5mm? 15mm? Thanks!
need only white liquid chalk (NC-2)
Writes on Windows?
Is the cube glued on one side so the sheets are held together and torn off as needed? Or, do you need a holder for completely loose sheets? Reviews
Are these sheets loose?
are they sticky or nonsticky
Does this set contain skin colors? I draw people often.
Can these be used with the pencil by number sets or paint by number setss or do they have to be used on a certain type of paper.
I bought a set of the Prismacolor Premier Soft Core but I also want a watercolor set, are these as smooth as the Soft Cores? I didnt like the Derwents
where was made these pencils?
What's the difference between these prismacolor watercolor pencils and the premier watercolor set?
What's the difference between these prismacolor watercolor pencils and the premier watercolor set?
Can someone tell me if this holds 4 x 6 and credit card size, or only credit card size?
Can someone tell me where to get the credit card paper for this credit card cassette? I have looked all over!!!
What's the product number for the 4x6 paper cassette? I need to replace mine. (it's lost)
I'm looking for cassettes to go with CP740.
Does this work with a CP-900 printer?
Are these pouches glossy or matte? I am trying to find matte ones for my classroom so there isn't a glare problem when we scan them.
If I am trying to laminate pieces of paper that are 4x10 is it possible to feed 2 pieces of paper at once with one pouch or does not work like that?
If I cut around the laminate can I get original picture back?
I mistakenly ordered thermal pouches. Is there a way they can be used without a thermal laminator
does this have a 'paper carrier' included so it will work in a GBC laminator?
Will these sheets work with a Duck electric laminater? I really don't know the difference between electric and thermal. Thank you.
Are these acid-free for long-term protection of important papers?
I'm a teacher and I have small pieces that I have cut and need to laminate. Is it to thick to cut around the objects once laminated?
Can these be used with a TL901 machine?
Are these pouches rigid?
does this printer work wireless connected with a wireless router &amp; modem / and if so will this printer work for mac and windows wirelessly
If this printer has 2 paper trays, is it possible to fill the small tray with envelopes (instead of envelope feeder) &amp; use the larger tray for paper?
does it print in color?
Does this printer produce scannable linear bar codes?
This is bivolt 110-220 volt or only 110 volt?
Can I add a second tray?
Can additional trays be added to the printer?
Does this printer have a rear feed that sends paper straight through? I'd like to know to so I can print card stock without the 'curl'.
Will these printers work on 220V/50Hz if I take them over seas?
what is print capacity of cartridges?
what is the length AND width of each piece of glass
Can the side pieces be swapped, i.e. computer on left shelf on right?
Yeah, first timer in buying a desk for my computer (Used a small dining table before.) And I was wondering if this desk is worth the near $200 price
what is the actual clearance from the floor to the bottom of the desk ?
How deep is the keyboard tray? Can you use a laptop on it?
A few questions, 1. is it strong enough for a 27 inch monitor? is the glass sturdy? can i lean on it? thanks
Will the upper shelf hold two 22" monitors?
Is the top shelf required? i dont really know if im going to like it so im wondering if i could just take it off and leave the two sidebars exposed.
How is the glass attached to the framing? Does it use suction cups? Or is it epoxyed to some sort of attachments which screw into the frame?
about what size of box does it come in? I have a 2012 altima and was wondering if it would fit in the trunk.
Hi, Does the chair have a leather or vinyl odor? Thanks
What is the height to the top of the arms? I want to be sure it fits under the table.
How wide is this chair?
Height from floor to top of seat cushion?
Does it arrive fully assembled?
I need a chair with a 300 pound weight limit
Seat height from the floor?
how high is seat from floor?
Is this fully assembled or does it need to get put together? Thanks.
how much assembly time per chair?
will this adjust to 26"
I have a hard type tile floor (like commercial tile). Will the casters scratch or damage it or would I have to get more suitable casters for such a f
I am not quite 5' tall. I want to use this at a desk. Will it go low enough for me?
Does the seat swivel?
What is the weight limit on this stool?
What is the diameter of the seat; and how thick is the cushion?
What is the diameter of the seat; and how thick is the cushin?
What is the width of the stool at the floor level where the wheels are?
Do the wheels lock?
will this roll okay on a commercial rug?
Where is it made?
Is the seat cushion firm? (Not sink down when someone sit on it) Is the seat back straight? (Not tilled at an angle)
does the height include up the entire back or just to the top of the arms?
How is the leather? Does it crack or crease bad? Will it be comfortable for visiting executives in my office?
how high is the seat from the floor?
Do they make this chair in brown?
What supports the bottom cushion, springs or board?
Like to know if I am able to get these in a Navy blue color
I'm trying to figure out if it will fit under a table I have. What is the height to the top of the arms?
What is the overall width of the chair
What is the range of height adjustment?
Does anyone use this chair on a daily basis? If so, is it still comfortable after 1 year?
Is the back removable?
I just ordered this and can't get the pneumatic to work.advice?
What kind of fabric? vinyl? easy to clean?
Can the back rest be removed, to where you can just use the base as a stool?
Does this item contain chemicals that may cause cancer? (labels on some other cheap ones state they did)
Will the wheels damage hardwood floors?
Does this stool roll easily on all types of floors (minus carpet of course?)
Is the chair easy to assemble?
How high is the adjustment? I need it for working at my Kitchen island/and or counters.
What is the weight capacity of this stool?
What are the wheels made of?
What is the height
How wide is it including the wheels?
Is the height 20 inches from the top of the seat cushion or the bottom?
What is the height
Does anyone know if the seat is capable of being locked? As to not have it spin at the slightest touch?
What is the maximum height of this stool?
If I do not put the casters on it, how low will it go? I'm looking for something that will go down to about 16"!
Can the wrist rest be removed?
The keyboard tray is connected to a rail type mechanism correct? Meaning, it will slide under the desk when I want to use my desk space.
Can the 12R Right Mouse Pad be modified to work on the left side of the keyboard?
how does it attach to the desk
Exactly what needs to be assembled on this cart besides attaching wheels? Would it be difficult for a 70 year old woman to do?
What is the weight capacity?
What is the weight capacity of this unit,and it's actual warrenty?
Does this cart fold for storage?
will this paper work with the new polaroid z2300?
How do I get rid of the blue tint on the photo? Its prints out blue!
Is ZINK paper damaged by airport xray machine? I want to travel with mine but do not want to ruin the paper.
what is the difference between photo and media paper?
I just purchased the Z340 Instant Digital Camera. What is the difference between the Zink Media and the Zink Photo Paper. Do I need to get both?
IS IT FITS FOR POLAROID 636 INSTANT?
How do you know if the film is expired?
I would like to order more, but 3 of my last order did not work...came out white
Wasabi PZ310 Compatible: Is this paper compatible with the Dell Wasabi printers?
Does this paper work for LG PoPo printer?
Will it print to heat transfer paper for application to fabric?
does it print 4 x 6 black &amp; white photos?
Is this compatable with windows 8?
will this printer accept rolls smaller than 13", for example will a 12"x30' roll fit?
i'm running iOS 10.7.5 on my Mac. is this printer compatible?
One review mentioned the matte black/photo black swapping thing. What does that mean?
can be printed on wood and has white ink cartridge?
What voltage is this printer?
Does`his printer accept the paper cutter like to epson stylus 2200
Does the printer come with print cartridges installed?
How many postcards fit in each sleeve?
are there similar holders for horizontal postcards/photos?
Do they open along the long side or the short side. I am looking for a sleeve that is horizontal, not vertical. Thank you.
Are these rigid or thin and bendable plastic?
How fast does this glue dry?
Does this glue bottle come with the red tip?
does this have the red applicator tip pictured
does this scale come with a warranty?
You can switch from pounds to kilograms, and can also measure the height in meters?
Does it need calibration? Do you have to buy an AC adapter?
does this have a heigth measurer?
what is the weight of this?
Is there a height rod
Is the height rod also digitally measured along with the scale?
What is the maximum weight of the scale?
Does it calculate BMI
Does this scale display kilograms as well as pounds?
I need to find a cover for this rack
once full does this fit through a standard door?
Does this hold chairs on both sides or just one?
I need to re-phrase this question. We need to know how high the lower rungs are (that actually hold the chair) off the floor.
How high is the lower chair bracket off the floor?
How many chairs does it hold?
does $195 price include a new toner carterage?
Is this printer compatible with Mac Yosemite? 10.10.3
I want to print avery labels for ebay packages. Will this printer handle thick paper like that? I need to replace my HP LaserJet 4100 with usb connect
Do you know if this printer will print documents that are waterproof?
The manual spec shows both USB and parallel ports, &amp; has a number of internal fonts. Can it would work from a DOS window on old XP machine?
What does monochrome mean?
Is this printer legal capable, and is it capable of determining if a page is legal or letter thru PDF software?
My company doesn't allow wireless printers to be used with my company computer. Is this a printer that plugs in with a usb and is ready to print?
can this be used to print checks
Can the high capacity paper tray handle legal paper (8.5x14)?
does it have "empty" slots? Can you stamp 9 digit numbers instead of 10 digits?
Do the bands include a hyphen?
Does the stamper automatically increment to the next number in sequence?
What is the range of #s included on each stamp? I am looking for something that includes 0 - 9
Do the bands have blank spaces or # signs? The case numbers I will use this for only have 7 numbers.
does the tape come with the dispenser?
How thick of a roll of 2 inch packing tape can it hold?
Does this dispenser come with a roll of tape?
Name of item has the word RECYCLED in its name. Does this means it's been used with some damages or does it means it's made of recycled material?
will it work with 1.4" wide tape?
Could you put two rolls of 1-inch-wide tape on the larger core, rather than one roll of 2-inch-wide tape?
What size cores does it take
What size cores does it take
WHAT ARE THE SIZES OF EACH CORE (for refill purpose)
Great design but it seems to be made in China. Can anyone confirm Country of Origin?
Can you use plastic coils vs wire with this machine.
Can you bind different sizes - specifically A5 presentations?
Can you bind using wires SMALLER than 9/16"? It doesn't say "up to" 9/16", so I'm unclear if I can use smaller diameter wires?
Do I need to purchase a separate coil crimper plier for this or does the machine automatically tuck the coil ends?
Can you take the book apart after it is bound?
How tall in inches or mm is Type Size 1?
does this stamp have formatting to do MM/DD/YY
Is hyphen (-) one of the symbols on this stamp?
Can someone please tell me the horizontal width when using all 8 numbers?
Does this stamper include 0 and 9?
Are there blanks? For example could I dial in 1234 -blank- 678
How many years does this Date Stamp have?
Does it have the dollar sign?
Is the middle image the actual size of the font?
what are the dimensions of the top surface? can it accomodate a large 17.3'inch laptop?
How much weight can it hold?
Do you know what the height is of those rounded sides, on either side of the platform are?
How Wide is the interior measurement of the side "pockets"? Also is the drawer (and all mounting for it) completely removable?
Does the small drawer under the stand have a back to it?
What is the interior dimension of the small drawer?
can a laptop fit under it
will it do algebra
can it do square roots?
solar
can it do fractions?
Do you have any yellow ti 34 calculators?
Useful for basic statistics ?
How does the TI-30XS MultiView compare to the TI-34 MultiView?
value of a old ti-34 11
Will this calculator subtract a decimal from a fraction? For example, could you input the following: "5/16 - .458" ?
Is this calculator good for school in 8th grade and below or would it might be too confusing?
will this hold a larger key chain ring with 8 keys
Is the magnet strong enough to affect electronic key fobs (for cars with keyless entry)?
is the slot big enough in the back to hold regular paper or just mail envelopes?
Is there a smaller key chain bottle opener that will work with the magnets? My keychain does not work with this product and I can't use the incl. ones
Do you have to drill holds in the wall to hang it?
How much weight will this hold? I have quite a few keys on my keychain! Will this ruin a USB Drive I have on my keyring?
these notebooks are grid or ruled??
will this work with the live scribe 3 pro edition?
Does the use of a highlighter impact the pen's ability to determine the location in the notebook for playback?
Does folding the paper, before using the pen, ruin the recording and recognition?
Does the system work fine if the paper used is torn before using the Livescribe Pen?
whats the difference between the 1-4 and 5-8 notebooks?
Can you use your appe computer
do you need to use the livescribe pen
Do you have to use these notebooks? or can you use any notebook with this pen
Are these the latest version of the notebooks? (picture is of an old version which doesn't have the same buttons)
which size is the thickest one? and can i used this to fix a whole in the wall if so what size would i need?
how do you attach the material?
What is the country of origin of the material?
I need to cut this down to 20 inches by 26 inches. What is the best tool to use to cut the product please? Or is it better to order a custom sheet?
I have 2 bulletin boards that my cats have clawed; I just want to put new cork in the frames. Which thickness would work best?
Can I glue fabric to it? What glue should I use for linen?
Is the cork non-toxic?
will ship international???
Why is the shipping rate so outrageously high?
Hi - I want to use corkboard to fill in a 30" x 18" curved wall space. Think a 3/8" to 1/2" thick sheet can handle a soft curve without breaking?
how can thickness be +/- 1/4" when you have 16 thicknesses? I buy 1/2" you send 1/4" and pocket difference.
does this machine work on other currencies
Does this machine detects the new currencies?
does this machine use electricity or batteries? I ordered a different machine and to my dismay, it required batteries. which was not stated
what size monitors can it hold?
Is there room on the keyboard tray for a mouse?
We like to have our computers on "Stand By" mode. Can the CPU handle the heat of being in a locked cabinet when they aren't in use?
Is it possible to have the desk without the computer cabinet? Is it needed for support?
Is this an acceptable substitute for Ace Clipper No. 700 staples?
would these fit modl 502 and match no 2025 staples
will this brand fit my scout #202 stapler
looking for staples for ace liner model stapler is there a standard brand that will fit
Hi Guys, can you mount this on two light stands, and roll it whenever your gonna use it? and put it back when you are not? Thank you.
When everyone says "careful lighting" for this product, what do they mean? Will work if I have subjects in front, and want to use digital backdrops?
im looking for a wider roll of green seemless, is it available anywhere?
Is this adhesive like wall paper?
Please this Stapler which sizes of staples dose it use?
What is the maximum throat depth?
Do you have to use the Paperpro staples or can I load any heavy duty staple with this? I have a box of Swingline heavy duty staples from my old stapl
Does this staper open to tack papers to the wall?
will the drawers hold full sheets of paper?
Maybe I overooked it bu what is the maz size monior that this will support?
Is there an option to separate the two trays to make the unit not so high?
I just set this up and the drawers are very hard to open and they bump into each other. Is there something to do to make them open more smoothly?
I notice the top is recessed. What is the length from the back of the pencil tray to the back of the recessed area?
dimensions
Can you adjust this stand LONG wise not Wide? Because my tower is longer than most and I need to know if it can also be adjusted to fit long.
what material is this stand made out of?
What is the smallest tower width this will fit? My tower is only 3-3/4" wide. Will this snug up securely?
I have a full ATX tower, 22.1"H x 9.6"W x 23.4"D. Will this work?
Has anyone used one of these with the older Mac Pro desktop. Does the Stand require a flat bottom computer to work properly.
Is this stand base open at the bottom, as the new case I am using has the power supply in the base and the case must be open creating good air flow?
Is the height adjustable? How high does the CPU sit off of the floor?
My PC is 11.2" wide. Will this stand fit and be stable?
Any idea if this would fit a Mac Pro desktop?
How long is the cable between the platform and the readout, please?
Is it auto shut off/time out?
The weight become wrong after one year of purchase. Since it is lifetime warranty, can i ask for a replacement?
Does this scale have a serial port?
Can this be used as a laundromat scale for dropoff?
Like a phone does the wire of the scale separate from the meter?
Can the meter's wire be removed from the scale and the meter itself.
Is calibration mandatory? What weights do you need?
Must you calibrate it to weigh suitcases? 100 Kg seems very heavy for calibration.
Some reviewers have called it junk after it malfunctioned after so many months. Does it really have a "Lifetime Warranty" as stated in description?
how wide is it
How wide is the keyboard shelf?
How wide is the cpu shelf? I am wondering if my tower will fit -- it measures 8 1/4 in wide x 14 1/2 in high x 19 1/4 in deep.
Will the keyboard shelf hold an egronomic keyboard and mouse
how wide is the keyboard shelf? I have an ergonomic keyboard and want to make sure it will fit.
How wide is the keyboard tray?
Can someone who owns this take pictures?
Would this computer desk fit a space that is 52x46?
I'm tall, will this work?
Any simple way to put wheels on it? I need something like this to pull up to recliner chair; have disabilities..
Does the pen come with an ink cartridge when you first purchase it or do you have to buy those totally separately?
Can some one tell me if this comes with a blue or black cartridge?
Why does the picture show a ballpoint pen?
What is the difference between a cartridge and a converter?
can i get a converter with this pen when i order it?
Does the international size cartridge fit in this pen?
Does it come with a converter or do I need to buy that separately?
Do you have to use a Lamy brand converter, or will a standard international converter work?
When I roll over, it says that the tip is M. Is it a F like the item description?
Does this pen come with a converter or will I have to buy it myself?
I have the gun with a 2:1 and 1:1 plunger. But I cannot locate a 10:1 plunger. Can you give me a part number, website or something to go by?
will the mixpac gun work with this?
Where can I purchase the 10:1 plunger?
will a 400ml cartridge fit in this gun
does it work with iphones?
I purchased my Printer a few years ago and misplaced the ac adapter. Is there an ac adapter I could purchase separately?
does it work with a samsung galexy stellar phone
Does it work with Lumia 820?Thanks!
is this printer compatible with windows 8 phones like nokia lumia 1020?
The description says the size is 2-1/2" x 4-1/4". What size is the piece of paper that you put inside? Is it business-card size?
Do you have to laminate these?
Once laminated, is the paper inside permanent? I'm looking for tags that I can insert cards into and remove, so I don't know if this is what I need.
Could you cut off the long end after laminating (just after the hole) and the tag would remain sealed?
Are the sheets transparent on both sides?
does this product include the luggage loopos?
Are these vertical or horizontal? It shows both in the picture
The display image shows 2 horizontal versions - one made for clips on either side and one made for string - what product actually ships?
the thickness of the plastic 7 or 10 mils ?
Will this also work with the Avery 74520 (3 X 4- three to a sheet)?
What is the maximum size piece of paper that can be fit into these? I have 3 7/8" w x 3 3/8" h badges. Will they fit?
How can you attach these to a shirt or blouse?
Would there be enough room in here to hold both the namecard and another folded piece of paper (placed behind name card)?
Which image is what you will actually receive?
Can you slip the contents in and out without removing the clip or lanyard?
Are there holes in the plastic so they could be worn vertically?
What kind of ink cartridge does this printer take?
if all you have is the printer and nothing else can you get replacement parts
How do you prevent printing of incoming faxes, when fax to pc is active?
Is this machine compatible with Windows XP
does this machine print phots
is there an android app to print wirelessly (not cloud) from a Asus 300 tablet to this printer that is free?
is there a duplexer for this printer or does it have duplexing ability already?
How white is this paper? It seems that there is a difference between bright white, ivory, but the colors on the images aren't particular indicative.
If you print front and back, does one side show through the other? Thanks!
Does the ink bleed when the paper is folded onto itself?
Has anyone written on this paper with a fountain pen ?
how many pounds those the 500 sheet box weigth?
Is this paper linen free? And is there any embossing in this paper?
Why is it that you advertise FREE SHIPPING when the final price includes a shipping fee?
What is the measurement of the spine label? I'm planning to use them for DVD spine labels am not looking for short ones.
Has anyone used these labels on a LASER PRINTER? How was the quality?
is this for 100 sheets (of 2 labels = 200 labels) or for 100 labels?
I am looking for labels strictly for DVD recording that stand up to heat. Are these made up of a type of plastic material that handles heat?
does this label cause the disc to get stuck in the player?
text only or can you add images?
I want to be absolutely sure that the package contains 100 labels for 100 DVD's?
Are these black mark/black bar compatible? Is there a black bar on the back of each label?
how many labels per roll?
Can this labels be used in a Zebra LP 2824 Plus?
Are these labels 1x2 5/8? or are they really 1x2? - Wanting to use for FBA labeling
Good day friend I am interested in buying but before Give you would like to make sure that price can go sending me reason why I should know the dimens
Printing of Fabric: Has anyone used this printer to print on fabric?
mac compatible?
Can you print from a cell phone with this printer?
My printer randomly wakes up from standby mode to do a clean cycle on the print heads. Is anyone else experiencing that or know how to make it stop?
Does this printer work with windows 7?
what is the mfg date of this unit?
what is the warranty on this printer?
will these thermal labels work with the GK420D
Will these labels work in a Dymo Labelwriter 4XL?
Will this work for the Zebra LP2844?
Most of the sellers claim they are manufacturing this themselves in their description?!? Which seller did you purchase from?
Are these water proof?
Do the labels contain bisphenol A, (like many thermal paper receipts), which is known to cause health problems?
Do these have the perforation between labels for easy tearing?
Do these labels work in the zebra gx420d?
Will these labels work in a GK 420t Zebra label printer?
Do these have a 1 in. Core?
Are these compatible with the Zebra LP2844? Also, do they stay attached to corrugated boxes in cold and hot weathr?
Can you use a rubber stamp on these without it smearing?
Are these labels comaptible with the Dymo 4xl that prints on a 4x6 thermal label?
Are these labels compatible with Zebra GC420d?
so am i reading this it correctly for the scaanner 28.2 height x 33.4 length x 21.3 inches width ?
Can you run oversized documents through the feeder, or on flatbed only? Thanks!
what are the exact size height length width ?
Does this pen come with a converter?
could sell this model with B nib?
Hi! plz tell me about your product! I love pliot fountain pen because it has EF nib. But, I don't know this fountain pen has EF nib.
Hello! Can you combine Dark Blue Decimo with EF nib?
Can this cart roll under a bed? I can allow for max of 5/6 inches. what is height with wheels?
Has anyone used it comfortably while standing for an extended period of time? I want to reduce the time I SIT in front of a computer.
Can the small tray be on either right or left side?
What are the tops actually constructed of?
How much clearance do the feet/casters need? Could you take off the casters to fit under lower chair? How big is the smaller/lower of the two sections
do any of these, specifically the "Oklahoma," come with a chair?
Can this table be used as a sliding table under a recliner to use as a laptop table? My father-in-law sits and reclines on his chair most of the time due to health issues. I bought a laptop for him to keep him interactive with it instead of watching TV...
Can this cart be used as an over-bed laptop table?
Is it possible to put the top shelf centered on top, so that it kind of overlaps the bottom shelf?
What's the height difference between the top and the shelf? Can the shelf be set to 8" to 10" lower than the top when the top is fully up?
How does this item work? Does it require batteries?
Do they come already sharpened?
USA
are these pencils the same quality as before?
are they qualified for SAT test?
Do these have Microban like the pre-sharpened ones do? There's no way I want that awful chemical (look it up) on the pencils my kids use every day.
Which clips does it work with?
is this the tool to hang the clips? I do not want the clips
What are all the items needed to go with this product?
How does this tool work? How long is the rod? And does it put up the T-bar Hooks, the plastic ceiling hangers?
Would you be able to engrave this?
Will this hold the Hagomoro chalk? It's a bit thicker than crayola brand.
What kind of metal is this made from?
Does this holder have a lid so that the chalk won't get all over the inside of my bag when not in use?
What size chalk does it hold?
Is it compatible with vista
does it work with 64 bit systems?
what the biggest it can scan
what is the measurement from left to right? Is it 17 inch or is it the diagonal lenghth? Also 13 1/4 is from front to back (depth) correct?
Will the MS420 and MS400 models stack on top of each other ok? I'm going to stack one on top of the other. I think it should, the specs seem equal
Is the drawer large enough to fit an 11" MacBook Air inside?
Will the space under this unit accommodate a laptop that is 2 1/2" high?
what is the measurement between the legs, left to right?
What is the inside dimension of the drawer?
Can you stack 2 of these on top of each other like the MS400 model?
What is the measurement from the bottom of the drawer to the bottom of the legs, with the spacer setup shown in the picture ?
How thick does the desk surface need to be for the screws to mount this?
How much, if it all, does this keyboard tray "wobble" when typing?
I want to use this for my netbook that needs about 14" depth when opened. Will this unit work pull out far enough from the desk to do that?
What is the screw length ? I think I have a 4 cm thick table. I just don't want the screw piercing our on top of the table.
Does anyone know how wide the base of the metal mount is? I need to mount this on a glass desk that is held together with metal bars.
the second i hit this with my knees it goes down a bit and its driving me crazy. i dont see a locking mechanism. how do you get it to stay put.
What is the difference between this tray with a 23 inch track versus the 17 inch track. is there a benefit to having one versus the other?
Does going with a 17 inch track go all the way under the desk when not in use? How about with 23 inch track?
12.7 x 28 - standard keyboard tray width is 11.5 inches. more expensive humanscale trays also 11.5. this 3m tray is actually more? (12.7)
Will this work for a table that has depth = 23.75 inches? (i.e. does the 23" track needs any clearance?).
Is it one pair or just one bookend?
How much weight can the bookend withstand from a single heavy volume leaning on it before it topples over?
Are there two (2) bookends, as shown in the picture, or only one (1)? Also, do we have to recv these through "Honest Office?"
I wonder about using the strong (?"/10"? book ends as strength for building a bookcase using old Enc. Brit. set. current bookends wobbly/bendable?
what is the non-skid material is it foam or cork?
Is the price for one or a set of 2 bookends?
Is this $7.76 for a pair or single bookend?
why does each bookend have a wider and thinner vertical portion? which of them is supposed to go towards the back of the bookcase?
Is there a non-skid (rubber-like) material on the bottom? If not, is it bare-metal, uncoated bottom?
Is it a pair of bookends or a single bookend....need to know how many to order. I want three pairs...suggestions?
only question is, is the pencil .7mm or .5mm?
Is this a case of pens, or just one pen. $90 is a little steep for one pen
does this multi pen have an eraser?
How do I replace the ink? I'm afraid to pull and brake the mechanism. Thanks!!
one question is, its the pan has black/red/pencil or black/pencil/stylus?
I replaced refill and now the springs inside moved and none of the other extras fit back in the holes! I have owned it for years! Can anybody help?
Where can I buy the refills for this pen?
Maybe I'm missing something but I don't see where it says if it slides back under the desk when not in use?
How wide is the keyboard drawer?
What are the dimensions of the mounting bracket, screw locations? I have a metal desk with some cross members, and I need to know if it will align.
how wide is the tray?
My Microsoft Ergo keyboard is 22" long x 10" wide. Will this fit with a mouse on the side?
On the website description it says that the product dimensions are:Product Dimensions: 29.2 x 13.2 x 7.6 inches BUT in some of the Q&amp;A users state the the keyboard tray is 25.5 inches wide. My desk opening is 28 inches, so I'm not sure this will fit....
The description says it's not compatible with a corner workstation. What does that mean exactly? My workstation is curved, not flat or angled.
I have a glass table and can I install the keyboard on the table? Are there screws or what?
how thick does worksurface need to be to install keyboard tray
How thick must desk top be in order to install keyboard tray with screws supplied?
Is the refillable cover made of leather??
Does it have a hard surface for writing on-the-go or is it a flexible surface?
Are you able to replace to writing pad once you've used it up? Like replacing the old one with a new one and so on
Is the cover flexible enough to fold backward? So that you are really just seeing the paper? Will it stay in this position?
is the notebook included or is this just the cover?
Do you have the refill notenook that goes inside this leather portfolio? Or maybe you can suggest a link or description that I should be looking for?
What is the best refill for this cover? There are several Cambridge notebooks that are of similar size, but none of their descriptions matched size.
Will this cover fit comfortably over a standard 3 subject college rule notebook?
Will the HON Medical stool roll on indoor/outdoor carpeted area or do I need to order special casters?
What is the width of the seat across.?
What country was this manufactured in? How high can it be adjusted to?
What is the lowest height?
What is the maximum weight capacity?
how low does it go? 17"?
Would you please provide Hon Medical Stool with Height from lowest to highest, seat diameter. I am looking for 14" diameter. Thank you.
The stool photo on the search page and in the shopping cart page are the same, but the stool on the product page is different. Which one will ship? I would like to purchase the stool shown on the search &amp; shopping cart pages.
what is the lowest height this stool will go?
Does this stapler use any standard staple or is there a specific one it works with?
Can this open all the way (180 degrees) to staple things into walls easily?
Does the stapler have any measurement markers for the paper stop?
can this collapse for easier storage?
can you use deeper staples with this and if so what size? tried to staple and my staples weren't long enough to close right with 10 pgs of stationary
Has anyone used this staple to make booklets using legal size paper? If so, what has been your experience. Our booklet will be approximately 5 sheets
what is size of staples?
Would the slots be big enough to hold a battery toothbrush(total of 4) or/and a tube of toothpaste?
Is one of the slots big enough to hold a letter vertically?
what are dimensions
The Photo Output Tray on my Photosmart B8550 is stuck in the UP POSITION. Any ideas how I can make it come down?
How can I set it up for wireless printing? I print scrapbook pages and have 3 different computers.
Do you know of someone to repair mine? pc board issues... prior to that, a very nice printer.
Using the Photosmart B8550 printer: Is this the right printer to do this with?
How can I get the printer to print 4x6 photos?
Do the labels stick on freezer containers?
how to use
Does this have one-touch date/time function?
Would this work to label clothing for a person in a nursing home? Do they stick well and stay legible after heavy laundering?
Is there a problem with fading with the thermal ink?
Can this print in 2 lines or can you only print 1 line of text?
does it leave alot of blank space at the front &amp; end of the label when printing? (thus wasting expensive tape) or does it print/cut close to the edge?
How do I get characters like / or " (for inch)? I can't find the model number anywhere on the product so I can't look up a manual.
Are the labels removable? I would like to be able to remove the labels if the contents of my container change. Thanks!
Is there an optional tape that is removable if I change my mind?
does this phone support Mic extensions ?
Is this listing for a new IP 6000 phone? Also, what warranty is offered along with the phone?
I don't have PoE - will a sperately purchased power supply work with this?
Is this model compatible with wireless extension microphones?
Does this device support POE instead of using the power supply?
It has input for power supply?
Does it include an AC power supply?
how to get the passcode if I did not receive one from the seller
I dont understand how the POE works. How do I get the phone up and running?
Do they dry out if left open? the people at my hose and office (myself especially so) seem to have an inability to remember to put the caps back on.
how does this compare to the sharpie ultra fine markers? those have a 0.2 mm tip - does anyone know the measurement on the tip of this? thanks!
Can you label a CD with these pens?
What am I missing? I purchased these and wrote on laminated paper, and it smeared. Does it take an extended drying time? I was so disappointed!
Can you write on photo paper with these Pens? We have photo thank you and holiday cards and I want a pen that can write without smearing.
will these pens bleed through
I am wanting a pen for guests to signa slice of wood at my wedding, i intend to oil it afterwards. Can you please recommend a pen to do this with. Man
Where are these made?
how does this attach to the desk? does it move around freely or is it actually attached?
What is the width between the base supports in the back? I have to set it over/between a monitor base that is 13.5" wide.
Is this sturdy enough that I can write on the paper being held by this device?
Is there a limit on the thickness of the book that this can hold? What's the tray width?
Does this come with a line guide?
how does the 7 point star badge attach? Also, I'm assuming the city of Eugene police badge is just an example and or it comes off?
What does the back look like? Does it attach to a belt or just slip into a pocket?
can I put a 6 point badge on this holder
will it work for a 5 point badge
How do you attach a toy badge (has a pin for shirts and jackets etc...) to this holder?
How do I get the drawers to slide out so I can get the handles and attach them?
It does not show the inside - does it have the rails for hanging file folders?
I don't see any holes for keys - does this thing lock?
real wood or compressed? what type wood?
Question: Is this real wood or MDF?
HELLO, does this scanner works with WINDOWS MICROSOFT ? THANKS!!
It says it scans photos. Can you save the scanned photos as jpeg files?
Does this do duplex scanning? I don't understand when the description said "manual duplex"
Can Someone Give Me The Over All Width and Length of this Epson WorkFirce GT 1500 as I need to see if I have Enough Desk Space For This Scanner?
Can You scan more the one photo at a time and by having a little space between each one will it save each one separately?
Will the Automatic Document Feeder feed printed snapshot photos?
I am getting one and two black vertical lines on the documents I scan in. How can I stop this from happening?
Has anyone tried scanning a small receipt taped at the top of the receipt onto an 8.5X11 paper? Just want to make sure it will not jam. That is how the finance department needs to receive them and I will need to scan our departments copy directly into...
Want to scan personal documents and file them on my computer instead of all this paper and a filing cabinet. Is this a good scanner for that purpose?
is this Compatible with MAC OS X 10.7 Lion? the description says this is compatible with 10.3 through 10.5 but has anyone tried to use this with Lion?
What are the dimensions of the keyboard tray? I checked the manual and it doesn't show the information.
What is the height of the keyboard tray?
Distance between the top shelf and the desktop? Needs to fit a large monitor....
Can the top portion be removed to reduce height for storage?
Can a keyboad and mouse fit on the keyboad pull out tray?
will it hold a full sized tower?
What are the dimensions of the top shelf where the printer is shown?
what are this desk's dimensions?
Can this be assembled without the computer stand?
What is the distance between the two back supports on the desktop?
How wide is the part that holds the tower?
Can you remove CPU attachment? I need it for my 2 laptops. Does this table wobble?
How much weight can it handle? I have an all-in-one computer (in the monitor) 27". Will the glass top handle the weight of it.
How wide is the keyboard tray?
Where was the desk manufactured?
The description says 40 inches wide. Then there is a product assembled dimension of 42 inches wide. Is it 40 or 42 inches wide once assembled?
Are you required to attach the keyboard tray and the metal that connects it to the table?
how hard is it to be assembled?
Are the round black feet attached in such a way that they could be replaced with sturdy casters for mobility? Thank you!
Will it fit a full size ATX Tower?
So can you use this while at a desk chair or on the couch?
Is there a place for the mouse?
How does the appearance of the Graphite compare to that of the Woodgrain? Which is more attractive?
how many wheels does tis have the description says three but one of the questions ask how many and the answer was four? need to know before buying
what type of chair is the best to use for this? It's for my elderly mom
I use a wireless mouse with my laptop. Can I fit a mouse pad next to the lap top on the top shelf?
CAN YOU USE A LAPTOP AND A SECOND MONITOR ?
is it wide enough to place an 18w x 10d HP printer. is it too low for sitting like at a desk?
What is the depth of the lower compartment? I would like to put a computer there, and the computer measures 5" wide x 11" high x 16" deep. Thx!
Can the top be tilted?
What's the measurements? On this item
what are the dimensions of the cabinet?
DO you think the bottom of this unit would be able to support the weight of a standard vacuum?? Thank you.
can anyone tell me how the backing on this product is?.some of these pices come with more of a papper backing then more wooden...
what are the dimensions
dimensions
Is it sturdy enough to use as a kitchen pantry?
would a cloths basket fit in this if you turn it long ways...
what is the thickness of the sides want to put ply wood on back instead of carbord that says comes with
Is this compatible with the CP910?
whats the difference between IN and IP: I normally buy Canon KP-108IP Color Ink Paper Set but it is no longer available in the 108 pack now it's only sold in the 36 pack and Canon KP-108IN Color Ink Paper Set but what is the differnce between the...
Does this ink last only through the 108 sheets or will it print more?
Is there an expiration date for the product? How long will the ink+paper be useable when unopened, and when the set is opened?
is the photo paper glossy or matte??
I run out of ink before the paper..to order the set then I have lots of paper. Can you order the ink cartridges separate
Does this kit come in matte paper?
does this work of CP740
is this compatible with cp900
I don't get it. If the paper is post card size, does that mean if you want a 4x6, you print and then cut it down?
does this tape have a 3" hole
WHAT IS CORE SIZE?
will this tape fit my c25 dispenser it has a big core and i cn not find it in th tores
Is this portable?
good model for taking on the road, ie. different places where you don't know if the phone system is analog or digital? Connects to cell or computer?
Does it work with obi200 voip phone adapter?
Does this also have POE?
Hi Does this phone work with Vonage?
Does this phone support a 3.5 mm cable to connect a mobile phone especially iPhone and Samsung?
Does this phone come unlocked and does it work with Ring Central IP service?
Does it come with the insertion cable?
this phone brings the power supply?
What warranty comes with this phone?
does this planner have a calendar?
What are the dimensions of the planner?
How big are the rings? (.75 inches, 1 inch, 1 1/2 , 1 3/4 , or 2 inch)
Does it have address book section
What size refills does this hold
is the planner for 2014-2015
what size are the pages of the planner? 5 1/2 x 8 1/2?
Do I have to purchase the page refills or does is it already included?
ring: does this day planner have a ring
What size page refills does this hold?
Flying Jumpers are mentioned in the product description, but are not show in the photo. Do they come with the tape dispenser or not?
Do you know if this will hold Scotch 3M freezer tape?
Can you write on this tape
Can you tell me if 1" wide masking tape rolls would work with this dispenser?
will it hold a 1.5 inch core tape? scotch tape
Can you get replacement cores? The knob on one side of the 1" core broke off.
There is no Ampli600 listed on Geemarc's website is this actually the CL600? It visually looks like it.
what happens if an answering machine or voice mail answers? will it stop calling others?
Will it work with cell phones??
what does hearing aid compatible mean.
Will it send an alert to a cell phone?
What is the clarity in hearing for the corded phone and the cordless? Need a phone that has good sound quality.
Does this phone need to be the only one in the house - will it work with other landline phones plugged in their respective plugs?
I searched in the manual, but cannot find how I turn the strobe (flash) off?
Does it have and answering machine?
can the batteries in the remotes be changed? if not, what is cost of new remotes?
Does the amplicification feature have to be turned on each time or once it's been set, it is in use?
does this product have an answering machine
Does this phone only have one line? Or is there room for two?
does it sound when a message is left
DOES THIS PHONE HAVE A WALL MOUNT
does the caller id light up
how many numbers can be stored on this phone
Can you shut off the features you don't want, such as the talking keys
is this line powered?
Need User Manual for this phone. How can I acquire one?
Can the ringer volume be made softer and louder and can it be turned off?
does it have a wall mount
I used the contrast adjustment to remove overprint on screen. Now I cannot access the screen menu. How do I obtain the screen menu?
Is this model a full duplex speakerphone?
Answering machine: Does the Geemarc Ampli500 Phone have an answering machine for voice messages?
Is it less expensive to buy a new one or replace the batteries which only lasted approx 6 months?
Is it a woman's voice?
Does this have the hourly announcement &amp; if so, can it be deactivated?
My relative is not only blind but hard of hearing...hoe loud is the voice?
have simple clock how disable alarm function
is the time in military time
Do you have any clocks that give the time by pressing a button?
Can this item talk in Spanish?
does the clock sat 'am' and 'pm'?
What battery does this use?
Does this phone work on a regular home analog voice line?
is this truely the 480e ... with a headset port on the underside?
Will this phone work with a Plantronics headset? Doesn't seem to have a button to switch call to headset.
Does it have a speakerphone? Where is the icon?
I have the Norton 390 but its giving up, will 480e work with Comcast Digital Voice Phone service, my Norton 390 does.
does it swivel
Anyone have a review update after owning 6 months? How does this chair compare to: VIVA OFFICE&reg; VIVA00881 ?
How is this chair for lower back issues?
How high are the arm rests when measured from the floor?
Are the arms removable?
Can the armrests be adjusted two ways, both height and width (sideways)?
Does this chair recline?
The headrest has small screws, allen wrench included doesn't fit, it's too big. Are you planning to ship seperate allen wrench headrest?
It says that the W is 27.2". Is this the width from the 2 furtherest wheels apart or is it the actual seat? can someone confirm both measurements?
Does it ship to Malaysia?
What's the height of the seat from the ground im not sure this will fit under my desk
I mean I didn't get any of knobs, wheels, and ext that have to be installed in the seat and thing we put to hide adjustment was broken
Are the armrests required? Can it be assembled without them?
what is the weight limit?
does it recline?
Does the seat hight adjust up or down?
what is the weight capacity
What is weight limits on your chairs
Seems like a nice chair but what is the height of the back? From the seat up to the top of high back, back?
Will it still look good if you don't use the casters?
Can this stool be used for a standing desk?
Can the back of the chair be removed if desired (to function like a stool)?
How low can the seat be lowered?
what is the weight limit for this chair?
I have a rolling tractor seat stool. The seat broke, and I am looking for a replacement seat.
Can you lean back in this chair?
I am about to purchase this chair but the description shows 'Flash Furniture BT-509-BK-GG Black Vinyl Side Chair with Chrome Sled Base' and the initial picture shows the chair according to description. When you click in the product it comes up a...
Is this on rollers? thks MM
I want to buy this for my 7 year old daughter. Did anyone buy it for a kid and if so was it suitable?
Will it still look good if you don't use the casters?
Can this stool be used for a standing desk?
Can the back of the chair be removed if desired (to function like a stool)?
How low can the seat be lowered?
what is the weight limit for this chair?
I have a rolling tractor seat stool. The seat broke, and I am looking for a replacement seat.
Can you lean back in this chair?
I am about to purchase this chair but the description shows 'Flash Furniture BT-509-BK-GG Black Vinyl Side Chair with Chrome Sled Base' and the initial picture shows the chair according to description. When you click in the product it comes up a...
Is this on rollers? thks MM
I want to buy this for my 7 year old daughter. Did anyone buy it for a kid and if so was it suitable?
does this chair go up?
Does this chair have a warranty?
Can you tilt back in this chair or do you have to remain upright at all times?
Does the chair come with any warranty?
Will it still look good if you don't use the casters?
Can this stool be used for a standing desk?
Can the back of the chair be removed if desired (to function like a stool)?
How low can the seat be lowered?
what is the weight limit for this chair?
I have a rolling tractor seat stool. The seat broke, and I am looking for a replacement seat.
Can you lean back in this chair?
I am about to purchase this chair but the description shows 'Flash Furniture BT-509-BK-GG Black Vinyl Side Chair with Chrome Sled Base' and the initial picture shows the chair according to description. When you click in the product it comes up a...
Is this on rollers? thks MM
I want to buy this for my 7 year old daughter. Did anyone buy it for a kid and if so was it suitable?
Will it still look good if you don't use the casters?
Can this stool be used for a standing desk?
Can the back of the chair be removed if desired (to function like a stool)?
How low can the seat be lowered?
what is the weight limit for this chair?
I have a rolling tractor seat stool. The seat broke, and I am looking for a replacement seat.
Can you lean back in this chair?
I am about to purchase this chair but the description shows 'Flash Furniture BT-509-BK-GG Black Vinyl Side Chair with Chrome Sled Base' and the initial picture shows the chair according to description. When you click in the product it comes up a...
Is this on rollers? thks MM
I want to buy this for my 7 year old daughter. Did anyone buy it for a kid and if so was it suitable?
I weigh between 250-300 lbs, big in the hips I am looking for a chair i can sit in comfortably that is less than $100.00 can you help me please
I like to cross my legs. Can I do that in this chair? I'm only 5'5 130 pounds.
what is the height of this chair ?
What is the weight capacity of this chair?
Is the seat back reclinable? or the whole chair leans back only?
Will it still look good if you don't use the casters?
Can this stool be used for a standing desk?
Can the back of the chair be removed if desired (to function like a stool)?
How low can the seat be lowered?
what is the weight limit for this chair?
I have a rolling tractor seat stool. The seat broke, and I am looking for a replacement seat.
Can you lean back in this chair?
I am about to purchase this chair but the description shows 'Flash Furniture BT-509-BK-GG Black Vinyl Side Chair with Chrome Sled Base' and the initial picture shows the chair according to description. When you click in the product it comes up a...
Is this on rollers? thks MM
I want to buy this for my 7 year old daughter. Did anyone buy it for a kid and if so was it suitable?
Card stock, heavyweight coated paper capable? Samsung CLP-315W Color Laser Printer Hello I wanted to know if this is a good printer for card stock paper so I can print business cards and postcards?
Does this printer come with toners? Does this printer come with toners
What is an est. cost to print per page in BW?
My printer printed good color initially but now the print quality seems to have really declined. The images look faded. Any suggestions appreciated.
No scanner or copier built in?
Being used, how many total prints were done? What type, if any, warranty provided?
Reviewers mentioned that the pencils are short. How long are they?
Is the ferule plastic? On other plastc ferule pencils I've tried, the lead wiggles a bit when you write. Annoying. Do these?
CAN YOU GET REPLACEMENT ERASERS?
Illustration and title imply that these are genuine Brother manufactured cartridges. Description implies that these are third party copies. Clarify
I need to find a printer that goes with this ink. What Brother printers is this compatible with, printers that are CURRENTLY being sold on Amazon? Thx
What is the expiration date. Expired cartridges do not work as the ink gels up and does not flow properly.
Is this full of ink 450 page ink ? Not a empty or starter ?
It said "FREE Shipping". Added to cart and check out, but still have to pay for shipping?
will this fit the HP color laserjet 4700dtn
does this fuser fit the HP color laserjet CP4005dn Printer?
I have a HP Color LaserJet 4730mfp series. Image Fuser kit says 9%, and to order 110v-Q7502A, 220V-Q7503A. Will this part work for my printer?
Is this a kit or just the fuser? Thanks
We have an HP Color LaserJet 4700n printer needing a fuser kit, is this the right one?
Is this product an original BROTHERS ink cartridge &amp; comes in bro.original BOX ?
Heading says.... 500page count.... and description says.... 325 yield --- which is it?
Is this 3 color cartridges; yello, blue &amp; magenta? Are they genuine Brother Catridges? If so they should come vacuum packed, right?
I need to find a printer that goes with this ink. What Brother printers is this compatible with, printers that are CURRENTLY being sold on Amazon? Thx
Are these "in retail box" original Brother cartridges? 2013 amazon purchase delivered shrinkwrapped, no box, in a plastic bag. Afraid to try again.
It said "Free Shipping", but add in cart and check out, still have to pay for shipping?
Are these cartridges refillable by the customer
Are they genuine Brother cartridges?
What is it constructed of? Cardboard, wood, Plastic...
What is the height of one shelf?
Is the color a true crayon red or is it more of a rust red/brown shade like it appears to be on my screen?
Will the classroom keepers drawers work in this unit?
What is the wide for the shelf?
Can this hold legal size and/or 11 x 17 paper?
What are the dimensions overall? How tall specifically.
what is it made of wood or paper?
1) Will 8x10.5 inch paper fit in the paper slots? 2) Do you have them in other colors? like Black, White, or Red?
Are the slot sizes adjustable? If I need bigger slots...can I insert fewer of the "shelf panels" to make the slots larger?
Are shelves sturdy enough to hold a whole package / ream of copy paper?
does this include the trays or just the blue part?
i'm not clear about the dimensions, is the height 12" or is it 18"?
Will 12x12 paper fit in the paper slots
What are the dimensions of the stand
Does a keyboard slide under the tray inside the stand?
Is it sturdy enough to hold two 24" monitors on one stand (maybe up to 50 pounds)?
Can this be used without the drawer?
How, exactly, do you change the height of the stand?
what material is this made out of
what are the hgt and width dimensions?
Does the stand have an open back or a solid back?
What is the stand made out of?
What is the maximum width that item inside can be? I have a DVD player that is 14.5 inches- will it fit?
Is there a wallet compartment attached as well ?
what are the overall outside measurements of this book?
Will it fit in an inside Mens Suit Pocket ?
What are the outside measurements? There are three different answers.
Are the rings removeable?
How big are the rings?
what is outside measurement (not page insert)?
will it work for franklin covey compact refill?
what size is it?
what is this product made of? Wood? Plastic????
what is it made of?
will it hold my 27 in monitor safely? And can i fit a 5.5in x 14in speaker under it?
is the package coming in the big box?
Will a ps3 slim fit under this?
hello. Do you think it would hold two 24"monitors?
Can you stack them?
is the package coming in the big box?
Is the microfiber pink ribbon starter daytimer the same size (and inside ring size) as the pink leather, which is inside ring size of 1.25, I believe). It has been hard to get the capacity of each daytimer. Really looking forward to getting one of...
does it hold alot
Does this come with the 2015 calender?
Is there any chance you can post to Australia? Postage cost? I really love this planner and can't find anything comparable to it here...
What does this include? does sit come with all the stuff for the inside. The most recent review said it did not come with anything inside?????????????
Will the notebook fit a 200-page spiral notebook? That's what I need. Thanks!
Will this fit typical spiral notebooks, when it is time to refill? Or will I have to order special notebooks to fit?
Could I fit an iphone in one of the pockets?
what type of material is it made of?
Will this fit a 100-page spiral notebooK? I see reference to 50 pages and 70 pages but I use one subject notebooks with 100 pages.
Does anyone know if this will fit a spiral notebook that has an overall size of 11 x 9.2 x 0.6 in?
Is the inside pocket on the left large enough to hold resumes and other documents without damaging the edges?
Will a thin 8 x 10 calendar fit inside.?
On the side with the notebook, is there also a slit along the top where you could put a pad, instead of a notebook?
The picture only shows 1 dispenser. The description says 4-pack. Does that mean 1 dispenser and 4 rolls of tape? Or are there 4 dispensers AND tape?
Does anyone know the size of these?
what are the measurements and does it come in clear tape not colored ?
can you refill these with a standard roll of tape?
how wide is the tape?
What country was this manufactured in?
Will a notary book, a stamp, and a finger print pad fit in the bag?
Can this bag be locked without the key? If not do you have a bag that can be locked without the key?
how waterproof or water resistant is the bag?
What are the dimensions?
Would like to order 4 bags, are the keys usable on each bag or seperate?
Can the fabric be cut with a knife or scissors?
are the keys copyable?
Is this planner as big as a regular sized binder or small enough to fit in a purse?
does this binder hold the Franklin Covey planner refill?
are the rings in a 2 - 3 - 2 pattern,with the three in the middle?
Does is contain pages? Hi, Does this day runner come with pages already?
What size ring ?? 1 1/4"
Would an iPad mini fit in the side internal pocket?
Would any FiloFax refills fit on this?
Is this lightweight &amp; slim for travel? I use this size at home to organize my life. Want travel organizer with same page size &amp; space for ipad mini.
Does it take size 4 day runner refills?
does this binder hold the Franklin Covey planner refill?
I am a large women how wide is this I am bed bound o need to know..? thank you
Do the legs go up to 17 inches high?
Does the laptop station hacve a built in Fan for cooling? It looks like it on the picture..
Can the legs be taken off easily and put back on?
Exact dimensions? Height--bottom of legs to BOTTOM of tray, width and depth? Post surgery and need a way to work wiht nothing on my stomach.
It can be use with a 15.6" laptop?
does it collapse at all when using it or are the legs stationary.
Does it fit a 17 inch laptop?
Left-handers? Is this My Place Notebook Workstation ambidextrous--will it work for left-handed mousers as well?
Can you use this wax paper for freezing meats?
are these microwavable?
I ordered these and got Pattywax made by Bagcraft, how about you? They were 5.5 square
Are these wax coated?
Can you use a pen to write on these sheets?
Can this be used with a hamburger press Model #358-040
wax paper vs. Wax impregnated paper: How do these squares stack up against regular wax paper?
Where are the made? China, U.S., etc?
what is the country of origin for this product? Thanks much.
What is the real size of these sheets
does it hold a full strip of staples? and are they standard sized staples?
If it's a swing line why doesn't it swing? Meaning you can't unlatch it to do 180 degree stapling.
Are staples included in the package?
does it have the SuperFlatClinch(TM) technology ?
is it quiet?
Does it open to 180 degrees for stapling on a wall?
What size is the staples to be used with this stapler?
What country is this made in?
Has anyone tried to put a pinking blade on this cutter? (I know Gingher doesn't make one, but different brands of blades seem to be interchangeable.)
is this gingher cutter still made in germany
Do these come with a case?
Is the cutting blade included? One reviewer said hers didn't have one.
Left Handed Rotary: Hello does anyone know if the Gingher Rotary cutter can be used by lefties?
Can this rotary cutter use ANY 45mm blades, or will only Gingher brand blades fit? I want this cutter but I just bought a pack of Olfa blades...
I know there's a right-hand and left-hand version, but I use both hands. Will this (or the lefty version) still cut in either hand?
Has anyone used these as projector screens so we can project and image and write at the same time?
Can this be mounted in either direction
Is the glass semi transparent?
Is the back spray frosting? or sandblasted?
What is the thickness of the glass?
There seems to be ghosting on our newly purchased board. Any thoughts?
the image shows a form in the first pocket. does the organizer come with the pre-printed forms or is that just an example of usage?
How much can fit in each pocket?
What is this made of? Plastic or paper?
Is this for school to?
I this this for school to?
does each section open like a notebook, or is it an accordion type folder
Does this use regular staples?
Is this stapler noisy? A lot of reduced effort staplers sound like staple guns. It annoys my co-workers. :)
Does anyone know what the top rear panel is for? It's really loose and just pops out and I can't figure out why.
does it open and staple things to bulletin boards
Can this stapler be opened for use against walls (e.g. to hang a poster or affix something to a cork board)?
Does it come with any staples?
How TALL or how far off the floor are the 2 steps?
Does this step stool line up flush against the sink/kitchen cabinet? Or would it move if a toddler leans forward?
Is this product dense/heavy enough to not float in water? Or would it float if submerged in water?
What is the depth of each step?
What is the height?
Does anyone know how much weight this will hold?
Is there a way to mount it without a drill? Like in a dorm where you are not allowed to damage the walls at all?
is it easy to erase something? Does it leave traces?
The instructions say "Rotate to front until the tray snaps into place on the frame." Mine does not snap into place. What am I doing wrong?
Can the marker holder be removed, so this can be hung/mounted portrait instead of landscape?
Is this hung on brackets or can we screw directly onto the wall?
is this board magnetic
Is this board too large or fragile for an easel?
Can this be hung vertically? (Can the marker tray be moved?)
Does the product include an eraser?
Is the marker tray deep enough to keep an eraser on? My current one only holds markers and the eraser is too big and falls down.
are the labels small size?
is it wireless? or do you have a wireless equivalent?
I ship fedex ups and USPS. Can I use this printer for all w/o changing label rools
Will this work with a Mac? I own one already and had trouble with trying to set this up with a Mac. if it does not are there any recommendations?
what is the difference between 2844 and 2844-Z ? Is it compatible with windows 8 ?
Is this a NEW item?
does it scan both sides of a document at once or do you have to flip over the page and scan it again?
Best scaner for bills, receips-pc?
When you scan a receipt does it just record the words/numbers on it or can you still see the actual receipt?
can neat desk scan photos?
What is the warranty if purchased through amazon?
why do i get blank pages
Can you use this scanner with another software product? Or is there another product out there that works consistently and effectively?
Is it worth it to still hold on to hard copies just in case?
I have a home daycare and am looking for an easier way to keep track of my expenses for tax purposes. Would this be a good product to invest in for a small home business ??
Does it name the files itself based upon the information it is reading, or does it require the user to name each file as it is scanned.
I don't see any new reviews on this product. Am thinking of buying it as a Christmas gift for my son and his wife. Does it hold up?
Can I scan away from the computer and then upload later? Either NeatReceipts or NeatDesk?
Can someone tell me if this device has any paid subscription at all? Some devices make you pay for their website services and I want to avoid that.
How many pages can it scan at a time? In other words, can you load up multiple pages or do you have to feed it one page at a time?
Is Neat Receipts scanner compatible with Windows 8?
can you Email what you've scanned?
Does software come with this scanner?
Did anyone NOT have problems using this with Vista?
Mine is only scanning the left quarter-inch of a receipt. Not the whole width of the receipt. Don't know what the problem is. I tried calibrating.
What version is this one . Does work with windows 8
How does the scanner do with long (greater than one foot) receipts?
Can this be shared by two people for use with two different computers?
My Neat scanner converts all scanned files into PDF.I cannot seem to get the scanner to scan the files as a plain image.Please advice.
Can you use it without the Cloud subscription service?
is this just for a mac or is it compatable to a pc
does it scan to pdf?
Will this work with OS 10.9?
will this work for a Canon MP610 All in One printer. I don't see that particular printer stated but when googling this is what I should be buying. Thx
european
I have a Canon printer/scanner/fax MX410. What ink cartridge is compatible with it?
will this fit my Canon MG3100 series printer
pixma 2700///?compatible
I followed all the directions, put the cartridge in and the printer is reading it as emply---any suggestions?
Do I need to do anything different when installing an XL cartridge?
How many cartridge in a box
will this work with MP-495
will this fit my canon ip2702 printer
I understand that if has 40 percent more ink so a better value. BUT is the cartridge bigger? It will still fit in the regular 211 space in the copier?
Is a USB cable included in most printer boxes? Do all USB cables fit into all printers?
If you're out of black ink, can you use this to print documents in black and white or do you also have to buy the black ink??
I don't print color pick so can I use 2 black ink cartridges ?
Must you have both cartridges in the printer, even if you only want to print with black ink?
is it the same as 211xl
The black ink cartridge that I received is printing in wash marks. The cartridge itself looks damaged where the ink comes out. Can someone email me?
how many come in a box
Yield?
does it work for Canon Pixima 480 black ink
these are not refilled right? sealed in packaging canon containers?
Do these cartridges have the computer chip in them?
How much ink does it take to print black and white documents ?
Does this work in Canon Pixma MP560 series
Does this work with MX
How many 4x6 photos will this print?
Since ink jet cartridges have a tendency to dry up, can you leave the tape on the color cartridges and print in black only?
Can you print in black only from a computer without using the color cassettes?
Do these work with a cannon 6100
Is this compatible with SELPHY CP900?
i am getting E05 error in MP495. How to resolve this?
does this fit canon mp280
will this work on a Canon pixma 420?
Are there any wireless all in 1 printers that this works with?
how many ml of ink in the cartridge
will this work with canon MP490
picture
will fit Canon MX 330??
I am getting orange flashing lights below the B and C icons &amp; E, 1 &amp; 4 in the window? Any idea what is wrong?
Will this work for Canon MX320?
Is this a glossy or matte or lustre finish please? thanks...
Can someone tell me if there is a "front" and "back" side? If so, is the back side blank? Or is it watermarked somehow? Thanks!
Can anything be printed on the back of this paper? I have an Inkjet printer. I need to print a photo on the front and some text on the back.
will this work in all printers. Mine is a HP printer
My Canon MG3122 printer uses 17 to 28 weight paper. What weight is this photo paper?
Is this glossy
is this paper compatible with laser printers? (I use Canon IR c3080.) Thank you.
compatible with inkjet printers?
have this double sided paper a3?
Can you print on both sides of this paper (Canon Pro Platinum)?
Is this paper matte finish, semi-gloss or gloss? I couldn't find this characteristic in the description, seems weird to leave it out.
I want to be able to write on the back side of the paper with a ball point pen. Is the back blank (without logoetc) and can you write on the back?
Once the ink is dry, can you write on the front with a sharpie? Like if you want to have a photo signed.
When I use this paper on my MG8220 what ICC profile should I use.
Will this paper work well on a Xerox WorkCentre 6015 laser printer? I am having some difficulty in finding laser printer photo paper -any suggestions?
Can you print 4x6 images on 8.5 x 11 paper?
Why is the 8.5x11 cheaper than the 8x10?
Will this paper work with my IP6700D printer and give me better pics than Kodak paper I have been using?
I have a Canon I-9900 printer that came with Easy-PhotoPrint printer software. Will selecting "Photo Paper Pro" be OK?
How long is this wrist rest? It is listed as 8.3 inches long but that can't be correct if it fits a standard keyboard.
Does the wrist rest detach?
Can this be used with a regular keyboard?
how does it stay in place?
does this work with logitech keyboard?
Can you wash this item if dust/dirt gets stuck to the fabric or sweat accumulates and dries up on it? If so, how do you wash it?
What sort of filling does it have? Is it hypoallergenic?
does it work well with a netbook?
how much is shipping to 34758 ?
The area on my keyboard for the wrist rest is slanted. I have another brand of beaded wrist rest that always slips off-will yours stay on?
What is measurement from the floor to the bottom of the stand, in other words what is the height of the wheels from the floor to the cart base.
What's the width of this item at it's widest spot? I'm looking for something that can fit between my desk and the wall. Thanks!
My computer needs ventilation on the bottom. Will this accommodate that? Thanks.
My cpu enclosure is 9 in. wide, will this fit?
I have a desktop with a width of 9.85 inches, can it fit in this stand?
My tower is 7" wide and my maximum space to place it is 8-1/2". Does this stand adjust narrower so that it would fit in the 8'1/2" space?
Would this work to level my Thunderbolt Cinema Display 27" to the same height of my iMac 27""???
is there space to access the ports on a laptop (like cutouts on the side)
Can anyone provide exact dimensions for this item -I want a layered set up to accommodate a large wacom tablet in conjunction with this keyboard stand
Can a Macbook Air &amp; Macbook 15" Retina fit inside / under the stand?
What will come the box with the hub? Will there be adapter to connect the hub to the Mac?
What's the dimension of this product?
can you charge an ipad on the USB? Can you use a small Hard drive on the powered USB?
What is the height on this unit?
Will a 13" Macbook Air slide under the stand?
is it approved by Apple for its use
What is the power supply? is it only the American 110 or can go up to 220 or 240 as well?
So what type of inkshould i but to go along with the pen?
can this pen use bottled ink
Does it come with a box? cause its for Gifting
Beautiful pen, but does the cap stay on?
does this pen use ink cartridges because i hate bottled ink
I put in a cartridge, but no ink comes out the nib. I tried pushing it in further, seeing if the cartridge was opened at the end (it was). Help.
what are the ink cartridges for this pen
Does this item ship to Ottawa, Canada?
what color ink is in the pen
Which ink cartridges fit the Bulow pen. My converter will only fill half way. Is this an issue others have&gt;
How are the Coroplast insert panels 'inserted'? How would you 'insert' other panels made at a print shop?
Can you use push pins to attach signage?
does a 24" x 36" aluminum sign fit inside of it
What kind of markers are to be used on these boards. What are Coreoplast-type posters and what are they intended for?
What kind of ballast sand should I use and what's the easiest way to get it in the tiny holes?
Can you use dry erase?
What kind or erasable markers should be used...dry or wet.
it states the dimensions are 17.7 x 9.8 x 1.6 inches, but yet it holds a 24 in x 36 inch insert?
Was a question mark supposed to have been included? Seems odd there wasn't one and I need it for my sign!
Where do I look to order more letters for the sign?
what size of letters does this board take?
can I order extra letter kits
what color are the letters that come with this sign?
I need to know how to load the stapler. I am totally stymied!
what size staples does it use?
which brand of staples works for this stapler?
Does this come with staples or do I need to buy some with it?
Bind a chapbook: Can you staple in the middle of a page.
Brand New or new Condition? Factory Warranty?
Is it a 110 - 240 V scanner ?
what is warranty on product
Is this the Fujitsu fi-6670A? Does it include Paperstream from Fujitsu?
Can you program your company name to print at the top of the receipt?
Hi. Can a USB barcode reader/scanner be used with this cash register?
I can't get my register to open. I've used the drawer key and it turns but refuses to open. Any help would be greatly appreciated:)
Hello. I'm looking into buying a cash register. Do you know if it will work in Africa? Nigeria to be precise.
does this item come with tape?
I'm interested in buying additional tape with this product. Is 3/8" the standard size tape that it requires?
Typography is similar to that of the machine came out in the 70s, with relief and retro look? Labels stick on paper and plastic?
Will the tape fit on a DVD case spine? Or would it hang off the edges? Thank you.
Arrives with no info at all
Will the tape stick to a painted picture frame?
I'm having trouble figuring out how to cut the label since I tore across the directions. Can someone help me?
Does it come with tape?
does tape do damage to surface when removed
can you change the wheel?
Does it fax also?
How to empty printer que? will not clear jobs I don't need
Lost the big plug in Lexmark part of cord where can I buy replacement plug?
Where can I purchase Power/USB Cords? I seemed to have lost mine in a recent move
I keep getting a "Cartridge Error Consult Users Guide" Message. What can I do to fix this darn thing??
is it conpatiable with windows 8
How does it handle coin images for eBay sale?
Is there a driver for Windows 8?
The glass size indicates you cannot scan legal size paper. Is that correct?
Is their any issues with color fading?
How big is the scan bed? 8.5x11?
can i make copys
Can I see whats on the scanner (on my monitor) prior to scanning and can I select only a portion of whats on the scanner &amp; save it as a bitmap?
How large of a document will this scan?
Can I create a Word document from the text I scan?
Is interface software compatible with windows 7 home prem included? I am primarily interested in scanning printed material.
Does this phone works with Vonage landline connection?
how is speakerphone? So I need to know how good is the speakerphone or which one has loud?
If you answer one of the phones, can you use the other phone too? If I am upstairs and answer the phone but its for my husband who is downstairs, can he pick up the phone downstairs or do I have to bring him the one that I have?
features: does this have 2 line capability?
User Manual: Does anyone know where I can obtain (or print) a user manual for the Verizon 300AM Cordless Phone and Answering Machine?
Is this compatible with Windows 8
Is this item compatible with With Windows 7?
ION 35 MM SLIDE SCANNER: I lost the software CD. How can I get the software? Or a CD copy?
I have slides from the '50s and '60s that are 2 1/2 inch squares. Will these fit into this converter?
Will this converter work with a Mac?
Will this item scan the thicker carboard mounted slides and will it work with the glass mounted slides?
When you put a negative in will it be in color
i received my slide 2pc it did not have the cd or the little brush where do i get one
I have a Windows 7 64 bit computer and the machine I received today does not respond to the software. Then I read it does not list Windows 7
Is it compatible with apple computers?
How many are in the package?
what is the diameter of this chair glie...looking for 1-1/4 inch ??
How thick are these? 1/2 inch?
Where is this product made?
My chairs are 1" round on the front legs and 1" square on the rear. I wonder if thest will fill the real legs?
How long is the nail?
is the bottom plastic/ nylon or fiber that meets the floor
Are these good for tile floors?
What is the diameter fo the button?
Is it difficult to tap into teak? Do I have to drill first?
How many sheets does it cut?
I see the dimensions are 29.5 x 6.3 x 22 inches. Is the cutting side 22 long or is the 29.5 the cutting side?
How long until one has to sharpen the blade?
Is there plastic on the handle? I cannot tell from the photo or the limited description for the product. Thanks.
Wood base appears to be particle board with laminate or is it solid wood? are the marking true or just estimates?
Is the top metal guide supposed to be exactly perpendicular to the blade so that you can actually use it as a guide for square cuts (vs the grids)?
Is the blade self sharpening? Can i cut illustration boards and the like?
will this fit a sharp model R-510DK?
Will this fit PCOVPB043MRP0 Sharp Carouselwaveguide cover
Will this fit a Oster Microwave OGYJ1103
I have model r-1405, will this wave guide cover fit
Will this fit a Sharp Microwave R520KST
Is this the correct Waiveguide cover for my Sharp R-408J microwave?
Will this product fit Sharpe Convection/microwave model #R-9H94B?Year 1994?
Does this waveguide cover fit the Wolf MW24 microwave?
Does this product include the loops for attaching to luggage?
I don't understand? It's not sealed completely? It's only sealed on one side, and the other 3 sides are open? Not the back? To what purpose?
Is the slot pre punched for the fastener?
What is the Maximum Height for the seat?
Hi - I bought this and I'm very pleased. However, I'm using it on hardwood and need to change the casters for safety. Are they available? Thanks.
Could you please estimate the shipping rate to California 94610?
Is the foot ring adjustable? What is the diameter of the foot ring?
any issues with static electricity?
What is height adjustment of seat and arms?
Does the printer come with ink? Does the printer come with ink?
How do you replace the ink cartridge on the Canon MP980?
Is there a difference between the MP980 and the MP970? Does anyone know?
Photo quality? Ink Usage? I was looking for some feed back for 8x10 photo quality from the mp980 printer?
Availability of a Mac OS X 10.6 (Snow Leopard) Driver?
rebate: does anyone have a copy of the rebate form for the pixma mp980?
Document Feeder: Does this printer have an automatic document feeder for scanning/copying?
Can th MP980 print directy to printable CD's?
MP980 and MP620 "scan to memory" Can the MP980 also scan to a memory card?
Worth ugprading to MP980 for better B&amp;W photos &amp; scanner? Own MP960: Does the gray ink significantly improve black and white photo printing?
Does the Pixma MP480 have fax capability? If so, could you direct me to information on how to use it? Thanks. job
Does this product use separate cartridges for black and color? After six years my old MP250 died, I have left over cartridges.
Is this compatible with Windows 8? Is this USB plug in from the printer to the computer?
Is this Window 8 compatible. Is it a USB plug in to your computer?
does USB cable come with this item
Can do Poster Printing? If so, how many sheets?: 4x4, 6x6? total of 16 or 36 sheets?
Canon MP620: Can some body give me an opinion?
print while color ink is out: Does anyone know whether this has been corrected on the 620?
cartridge
paper tray(s)? Hello, I am looking into buying this printer, but I would like to know if it has an "inside" paper tray or only an outside one?
Install on a Mac: Has anyone tried this product with a Macbook?
Ink Use: I've read in a couple of places that the ink cartirdges are smaller on this canon than previous models and will require replacement sooner...anyone that can speak to the truth of this?
Vista-64 Compatible? Windows ME Compatible? I've read in a couple of places that the ink cartirdges are smaller on this canon than previous models and will require replacement sooner...anyone that can speak to the truth of this?
Checking Ink Levels: My question is, when printing (by the way, I have a Mac and a PC), how do you check ink levels?
wired plus wireless in the mp620: Or can this printer support both types of connections?
canon mp620 vs. mx 700 or mx 850: Hi...Does anyone know which is better?
Can the ink cartridges be refilled? And/or will it work with after market cartridges?
ink pig!!! artisan 800: Comments?
Is it worth changing spent ink pads on this printer? I am not qualified, I must take it to a service center. Any advice would be appreciated&gt;
Is it worth changing spent ink pads on this printer? I am not qualified, I must take it to a service center. Any advice would be appreciated&gt;
Envelopes: Has anyone been able to get an Artisan 800 to print envelopes?
Caller ID? Does the EPSON ARTISAN 800 have caller ID?
low ink and print? Can you continue printing after a low/empty ink message, or does the machine stop until the ink is replaced?
can this AIO scan over network? Scan to PDF?
Does power cord have 2 or 3 prongs
Double Sided printing? Envelope size? Label printing? Does anyone know what the the process is for double sided printing with the workforce 600?
Why is price more than MSRP? Is this an error?
Generic ink: Any one have experience using generic/remanufactured/compatible ink with this printer?
how to set up wifi
How to get text to print?
Can this printer be connected to a laptop via usb port?
Can this printer print on Cardstock ie: 90lb, 110lb?
where can i find the drivers for a pixma ip3600
I use mine with edible ink. It's clogged up, how do I unclog?
can this be connected to a mac book air
How do you load the paper in the tray?
is this printer and any cleaning solutions sold by canon and is it food grade
Does it print documents?
Can this printer be used with edible ink?
Is this Windows7professional compatible?
I need the installation disk for my CanoScan LIDE 200 - where can I get one?
Does it work with Windows7? Has anyone installed this on a PC running Window7?
Can it scan several pages as one pdf file? Does anyone know if this scanner can do this?
Does it come with a USB cable? I was just wondering if it comes with the USB cable in the box?
does it work with mac os yosemite?
What scan software works best with Mac Leopard?
Which scan software for Mac Leopard?
Is this scanner large enough for 9x12 images?
How does this scanner work with Mac computer running SNOW LEOPARD? hello... does anyone know how this scanner works with Mac OS 10.6 Snow Leopard?
CanoScan LiDE 100: Is there anything I am forgetting with this cheap stressful thing???
does it scan pictures
Does It work with Windows 8 / 8.1?
windows 7: What's the real scoop?
Does It work with Windows 8 / 8.1?
Does it work when plugged into a powered USB 2.1 hub vs directly into the PC? Thank you.
how large of an image can this scanner scan
Is this scanner large enough for 9x12 images?
Would this work for painting with acrylics or oil paint?
does it come with the straight edge and already assembled.
can you add a Vyco pad to this table top?
how do you restring the straight edge
what is the maximum angle?
what is the angle this board sits at
Does this scanner make each negative a separate file, or does it make it one and i have to crop each slide?
Will it scan Negatives other then 35mm ? I have 126/110/And negatives from the 60's that are double the size of a 35mm negative .
I have had mine for about 4 years and the underside of the glass is hazy and spotted. How do I get the glass out to clean it.
Is it compatible with mac os 10.8 and newer
can the cs5600f scan into a jpeg file format?
I am looking to scan Medium Format negatives (about 3" x 3"). Does it come with trays that will work for this size negative?
Do you know if this will scan multiple photos at once? My boyfriend wants to make scanning all of his boring camping photos easier, I guess. Thanks!
Does it have an automatic document feeder?
What is the DPI after conversion? Is it variable?
Does this product works with window 8
Can this be shipped to Australia? If so,what are the rates?
I want to order 6, but it is calculating 4.99 each for shipping. Surely this isn't correct?
Do you rub this directly on a dry blade or should I use some oil ?
do you combine shipping or is it really 50 dollars shipping to order 10?
can it be shipped to japan
Will this work on my house window? The glass is almost a centimeter thick
can I use it for a CB radio?
Will it work through a double pane house window?
where can i mount it ? dies the antenna stick up or mount against the window?
can this go on Uniden 800 MHz 300-Channel Base Mobile Scanner (BC355N)
can I put both parts directly together instead on glass
Will this work for my Uniden model number BC350A
Does it work on the Home Patrol 1?
would this work on a bc345crs home base scanner
will this work on a hand held radio scanner whistler ?
what is the height from floor to keyboard shelf?
Are there holes in the back for the computer to get air circulation to avoid overheating?
Does it have any holes at the back where you wires (monitor, speakers, printer) would go so there is any mess
Are the two drawers file cabinet drawers?
from front to beginning of hutch? want enough writing area as desk also thanks
what are the total demensions of this desk? H, W, and depth
What is the height of the printer area on the right? I want to fit a 13 in TV on that side instead of a printer if possible. Thanks!
Do you think a 27' mac will fit?
dimesions
what is the lenth and width of this desk
Is this desk large enough for a full grown man? I want to get it for my college age son. He's 5'11" tall. Thank you!
Is there a place to put a printer? Thanks!
Will a 23 inch screen fit
will a 27" monitor fit in this desk
What tools are needed to assemble?
Reversible? I.e., can it be built with monitor area and keyboard shelf on the right?
Can the tower space be fitted with a slide out shelf to hold a printer? Also, how wide and deep is the space where the tower goes?
Is this desk made of solid wood or is it pressed wood?
does it come in white?
Is is wood or particle wood?
are the highlights on this pen white chrome or brass?
Does the pen rattle when the point is out? Like the other version of this pen?
Is the grip knurling exactly as pictured or is it the newer woods crew style knurling? Thanx
Does this write underwater and on grease, etc?
is there a specific model for the refill of this pen?
Can you get the pen engraved?
will this work with the sharp R404JK?
will this fit R-402JK-T ?
will this work with R-410LW ?
Will this wave cover work with the Sharp Model R-1214F ?
Is this compatible with the Sharp R-216L?
I've opened the package, pulled the plastic strip out completely, but I get blank pages when I try to print. Any suggestions ???
I have hp laserjet 1018. Does it fit with that model?
How many pages does this cartridge produce?
does this fit 1319f
Will this fit W5CG3625XS00 grates?
will this fit this cooktop? (Whirlpool model #W5CG3024XS01)
How many come in the package
Will this fits to this cooktop (Whirlpool gas G7CG3064XS)?
Will this fits to this cooktop (Whirlpool gas Whirlpool G7CG3064XS)?
what is qty per order ?
Are there 8 or 12 pieces in the package?
Will these fit a Frigidaire stove?
What are the dimensions?
Is the back side of the pc hutch compartment completely open or does it have a small hole for cords?
Does the keyboard tray come out centered in the corner like pictured, because I have seen other pics where the tray is on either side. Is it an option
Is the back side finished so it could sit out into a room?
How deep is the desk from front to back?
Can the right and left wings be swapped? (The picture has a deep left wing but the diagram shows swapped cabinets and a deep right wing.)
What are the measurements of the keyboard tray?
what is the size of the inside compartment used for the computer tower ? - w &amp; L - thank you
is there enough space on the back of the desk to setup ErgoTron monitor mounting arms ?
Does the drawer lock?
Are the drawers wide enough to hold stacks of standard sheets of printer paper?
what are the instructions for use with this converter? I have the pen and I have the ink bottle but I have no idea how to fill it.
Will this work with any size nib?
when I use the ink inside, is the piston supposed to drop down to the ink level? for me the piston isn't moving as the ink level is dropping
Im new to fountain pens. Do you need this to refill a fountain pen from a bottle? i have http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001...
Will this fit a Pentel Pocket Brush Pen ?
Are you supposed to twist the piston down as you write to keep the pressure? I find myself opening the pen and twisting down to keep the ink flowing.
Is this product from Lamy or is it a generic remake?
What bottled ink works best with this converter? I am buying it together with a Lamy fountain pen for the first time.
What's the difference between Converter Z24 (z24-l) &amp; Refill Converter (Z24)?
I've read all these question and answers and I'm still having problems fitting this converter into the Safari Al-Star. Does it need to be forced in?
What are the dimensions of the basket of the cart when open?
Does this fold ?
Does this cart handle well over bad sidewalks and roads? It will be taken about two miles over bad roads and sidewalks once every week.
For someone who has one of theses, would it work for transporting groceries up steps? Thanks!
Can the cart be pushed as well as dragged behind?
What is the rated capacity of this cart? Does it specify that in the manual, on the box, etc.?
There are 4 photos of this cart: 1 empty and 3 with items. Please note that the empty cart is a DIFFERENT CART than the other 3. Which photos are the
Are the wheels made of rubber?
Will it stand up against a wall when folded or will it roll and fall to the floor?
does this cart really weigh under 5 lb? is so, is it sturday?
The product description makes absolutely no sense, which product of the eleventeen listed is what I will receive if I order this item?
How large are the rectangular holes on the walls and floor of the cart? If I put an apple in the cart could it fall out? What about a peach?
The description indicates no tool assembly, but some of the reviews seem to indicate difficulty in putting it together. Will I need tools?
do the front wheels rotate left/right or only the back wheels rotate ??
Do the wheels rotate?
What is the actual basket size?
IS THIS A SMALL ONE
It appears we did not assemble it correctly and I seem to have lost the instructions for assembly. Are they available anywhere online? I
does it fold up ?
How much does the cart weigh?
I have been using E6000 for making jewelry and I am so tired of it drying out before tube is empty. Waste of money. Does this glue have that problem?
will it glue acrylic flat backed jewels to clear plastic table cover material
Would you use this on jewelry to be sold?
Does it dry flexibly - will it have any shock absorption like E6000?
How much weight can this glue hold together? Making dish flowers with 3 layers of dish types in my project. One on top the otherr for outside. Needs to be waterproofed which 527 is, but would the dishes be to heavy to hold together??
Does Beacon 527 melt/eat through the foil backs of acrylic rhinestones the way E6000 does?
is this glue good for glass on glass
will this glue broken ceramics back together? Can you use a very thin line of this glue so it won't be seen?
is this glue sun resistent
I have an expensive leather Ecco golf shoe, which has thin nylon decorations stuck on its leather sides continuing towards the front. Will this 527 Glue make the thin nylon decorations stick to the leather sides of the shoe?
My desk has a thin metal rod maybe 1/2" - 1" below and about 5-6" in from the front edge. Would this fit? I could remove the top to install if needed.
what are the dimensions of this item
How far does this stick out underneath the desk top (i.e., how much space does it take away from where your legs would go)? Is 2" the total height?
What is the length of this one from left to right?
Can I screw mount this under the desk, or must I use the clamps? I like the tray, but not the looks of those clamps. Thx.
can I carry this in my backpack?
what is the track length? I have about 12" of depth under the desk available before it will hit a table support.
my table top is 2 inches thick, wondering if it will fit? would you recommend this product? or is it better to get a screw one?
Does it need to be clamped at 4 points (front and back) or just 2 (front only)?
Can this be mounted within the corner of an L shaped desk?
What is the weight capacity of these stools?
Did anyone's come unassembled? The description states they come ready to assemble with all hardware and tools included. Did things change?
Are they able to stay outside
How long did it take to receive your order?
What is the size of the seat?
Are these good for outdoor use?
Is there a plastic cover on the back and front of the binder, or just the front? Thank you!
How many come per order?
Do they have 2pockets on the inside covers?
Do these binders have a plastic cover to slip in a book cover page?
can I use this to write on slate and leave outdoors? How will it hold up in sun and rain?
Some of the white letters on my black keyboard are disappearing. Will this work to restore them?
The instructions aren't very clear about making the pink pin fit. Is the fat end of the pin supposed to be broken off first?
Can this marker be used on Chalkboards? And if so, does it stay on and not rub off?
Can I use this for things like highlights in my drawings, and marker illustrations?
will it last long on the side of a shoe,the rubber part? the sole of the s hoe is mostly white, but theres a section of pink I want to cover up. Thx
will this pen work on canvas or cloth
does this come in black ink?
I need a white pen to sign autographs on a dark(er) photograph on glossy photo paper...will this work?
Could you use this pen to draw in missing letters on a computer keyboard?
Would this stick to a slanted workstation top enough to keep a keyboard from sliding off?
How long is this product?
is the material latex or have a bad smell?
How high off the ground is it?
How large is the stand?
What material is the stand made of?
Is this made of metal or plastic?
How much width is added to the cpu when it's in the stand? Note - I have a narrow space.
What is the maximum width that it holds? My case is 9" wide.
What is the minimum width that it holds?
Can anyone tell me if this cart works on carpeting?
Are these fastners green as says and not clear as pictured? We need green fastners. Thanks
Do these work with Dennison tagging gun?
Will these fit/work with the Arrow tag gun? Thank you!
arrow
The dimensions at the top of the page say 28x12 but the product dimensions area say 31x19.8. What size is this product when closed?
How far does it slide out?
Does it come with all the hardware to mount it to ANY wooden desk? Or does it *only* work with the "Alera Valencia" desks? Thanks!
How much clearance is there from the top surface of the drawer to where it attaches to a desk or table?
Is the slide hardware removable from the shelf? I'd like to unscrew (?) it, cut the MDF shelf down to a smaller size, then re-attach the hardware.
How long are the mounting screws that attach the shelf brackets to the desk? Can it be attached to a desk top that is only ~5/8" thick?
Do you think this board could be stained black? Or is the coating too much trouble?
I have installed it per the directions but the slides will not move. Is there a release I am not seeing?
Can this be used to hold a 17" laptop under a desk?
Could this store a closed laptop? 15 inch, Thanks
How many pockets an be linked together? I would like to have 9 pockets.
Can I remove 1 piece and use only 2?
Do the plastic pockets have any openings on the bottom or are they solid?
how are they mounted with screws or suction cups?
can you add/attach more to the original three
can the 3 pocket set be mounted seperately
I received the products and every thing was fine, except 3 of them were broken. What do you want me to do with them.
Do the pencil shavings come out the opening if you put this in a backpack without emptying it first? I'm tired of cleaning messy backpacks. Thanks!
Will this work on the larger primary pencils?
Is this one sharpener or two? There is an identical item on Amazon for 3.91, but it says in the title "1 item" and this title says "sharpeners."
Where are they made?
Will this sharpen colored pencils?
Does this leave a long point like a good crank sharpener would, or a stubby one like a golf pencil?
will it sharpen a new pencil good
Can this sharpener sharpen a child's first pencil - it is a thick pencil
Is the sharpener part made of metal or is it painted plastic with a blade that is metal like a reviewer said??
Should I buy this product
How many bookends come with "1" purchase?
Would these work with standard 11" hardback textbooks or do I need larger ones?
What are the dimensions of these ends? L"xW"xH"
What is the "nonskid" material: cork, foam, felt, sprayed on? something else?
How many come? One set or just one bookend?
Would these work with video games
Would this be good for vinyl records?
Will this support several academic textbooks?
WHAT IS THE SIZE OF THE BOX THEY CAME IN?
Do they come in a pair or is it just one when you buy?
Does this use full strip of staples?
DO YOU COMBINE SHIPPING FOR MULTIPLE ITEMS SUCH AS Universal Plier Stapler, 20 Sheet Capacity, Black/Red
does this use standard staples?
What is the thickness of the tape?
Need to hold drawers shut on a blood bank bus. Plastic fittings break often. Thinking two pieces lined up, one on drawer, one on frame. Strong enough, you suppose? Can use a small screw if tape side is feeble. Thanks.
What is the pull per sq.ft. of this product?
Are these completely clear? I don't like the ones that have a semi-gloss finish. I use these for my binder of recipes.
Are these acid-free?
I am looking for a very thin plastic or acetate flat sheet. It needs to be absolutely clear.
If I put a worksheet in the sheet protector.--- can u write and erase with a dry erase marker?!
Are these okay to write on with wet erase pens?
Will these hold more than 2 sheets and do they have a white or clear edge where the holes are punched
ARE THESE MADE IN THE USA?
Do these seal at the top, so that smaller sheets or heavier items don't fall out if the binder is turned upside down? (I'm doing scrapbooks).
Are these for 3 hole binders?
do these have three holes in them for placing in a binder?
Length of string seems to really vary in the answers. Please provide correct length as I need these to hang from back of frame over to front.
Can you string these on breyer Traditionals? I have a shelf collection and I would like to put the mold, color, production date, etc.
How long is the string?
I will be labeling things with these that will be outside in the elements for 2-3 months at a time. Do you think these will hold up to the elements? If not, do you know of another brand/type that would? Thanks.
Can you hang it longways?
Does it include any markers, eraser or tacks? Or must all be bought separately?
Can you rotate it so that the cork is on the left and the dry erase board is on the right, by removing the tray and attaching it to the opposite end?
Is there a tray to hold markers?
Can you use Command Hooks (like these http://www.amazon.com/Command-Sawtoot... ) to hang this up?
Is it magnetic?
As the dimensions given are for the outside, could you tell me if an item 16 1/2" (W) x 11"(D) would fit on the second (or third) shelf?
When it says the height is adjustable, does that mean the entire stand or just where to put the shelves? I need it to roll it under a 25" desk?
If I buy two can they STACK as one item?
On the adjustable middle shelf, what is the max height between the top and middle shelf or what is the max height between the middle and bottom shelf?
Is it small enough to fit nicely in the corner
holds 75lbs total for all three shelves? or could it hold 75lbs on just the top shelf?
How easy or difficult is the setup? Some items look easy in the picture but when you get it delivered the setup is a nightmare.
How easy or difficult is the setup? Some items look easy in the picture but when you get it delivered the setup is a nightmare.
What is this stand made of ?
HOW WIDE, TALL AND DEEP IS THIS CART?
does it shred credit cards?
how big is the strip come out and can i change to have smaller or bigger strip?
Where do I now buy the Disposable Catch Bags that go to it?
is this shredder battery operated?
WHAT POWER SOURCE DOES IT USE?
does this shred in strips or cross-cut ?
What is the dimension of the storage CPU storage area? I am not sure if it will fit my computer tower. Please let me know.
I need the CPU cabinet on the left hand side...not the right; is this possible?
What is the length of the desk? Also, what is the height between the floor and the keyboard tray?
Does sauder make the same size desk without the hutch?
How is the Sauder Camden County computer desk with Hutch Planked Cherry different from the Sauder Camden County Computer desk with Enclosed storage
I have a 24" diagonal monitor (20 1/2" across) &amp; a printer that is 15" wide. will both fit nicely on desk?
what is the over all size?
Is there enough space on the desk for a monitor, keyboard and mouse?
What is the floor to top height including the hutch?
What is the size of the computer screen area?
How long does a replacement razor cartridge last
how does this work at high altitudes?
Where can you buy black ink refills? Please specify what model and where? Thanks!
How long is this when the Pen is sheathed in the case for storage / travel?
I'm a geocacher and often have to write on wet paper under rainy conditions. I also sometimes have to write on rainproof paper. would this pen work?
you say $12.30 a set, how many pens are in the set?
What color is the ink?
Hi, I was just wondering what the life spam of these printers are. I didn't have it long but I think its starting to wind down. let me know.
Can the ink that comes with this printer be used for sublimation?
is this printer a sublimation printer ?
can this printer be adapted sublimate system? and is it the same printer as epson t-30?
I have 4 different printers, CANON MX922, HP4504, EPSON CX7800 AND A LEXMARK X5495. Can I use any of this for dye sublimination transfers?
is this oem or non oem?
Will it work with HP Laptop Pavilion g7 with Winsowa 8?
can you please help me need to know what transfer paper can i use with this printer epson worforce 30 need help to print some t shirts
I want to do tshirt transfers, will this printer do that, and will it connect to a MAC? Is it wireless or USB?
I do not use by printer ofter, somethime for several months. The printer will not work even after trying to clean the heads. What do I Knned to do
can you search for a particular verse using a word search. In other words, if I put int the word forgiveness, will it show me all the verses where tha
will it have "Strongs number and Lexicons
Does it have alternative languages? I need it in Spanish
Can you use voice commands to look something up?
How to turn on the Bible , new batteries are in right, also tried to reset. and still it will not turn on please help.
how big is it?
will it have "Strongs number and Lexicons
is it audio
how accurate is the dictionary?
What kind of batteries or is it rechargable?
in the description for Sauder Harvest Mill Computer Desk with Hutch, Abbey Oak it says it is black. but the picture shows a brown wooden? what color?
What is the depth of the computer bay? Most mid-size ATX cases are 19 inches in depth and will not fit unless you pull the desk away from the wall.
comes this furniture fully disassembled in a box? about which dimensions have the box it comes? Thanks.
What are the dimensions of the two upper level shelves?
Does the the keyboard tray door get in the way when opened for normal use?
I really need the cabinet side to be on my left. Is that the way it really is or is the photo reversed?
Is there a hole for cables to keep them out of the way and out of sight?
Color says black, is the desk the wood color in the picture?
Will this desk comfortably fit a 27 inch imac?
How deep is the top of the hutch?
Is this product available in white color? If yes, is it for the same price?
Are they suitable for outdoor use?
how do I take this stool apart ?
Will these work on a carpeted floor?
Can you please advise me of the minium and maxium height that you can adjust the stoll to? Thank you
are the tools to put stool together included? IF not what is needed to put stool together?
My barstool did not come with assembly instructions. Where can I find them?
Is this product available in brown for the same price?
How durable is this item? Does the faux leather hold up well? These would be our primary seating so they'd get a lot of use.
how is the minimum height measured, from the floor to the seat or from the floor to the top of the back of the seat
What is the footprint measurement of the 29" stools (measurement of the legs' depth/width on the floor)?
what is the maximum weight load?
Is it comfortable? like a wooden chair?
Are made in China ?
what is the actual color of these stools, gray or black?
Would you say the walnut finish is more dark than light? I have dark floors and want them to blend as much as possible.
Which height is better for an island that is about 36 inches high? I'm 5'9" tall.
What is the dimeter of the legs please. Another brand touts "Thick" legs.
How much does each stool weigh?
I see you only have three in stock. I need four. When are you getting more?
Will this fit a 2x6 sign? I see someone in the reviews states their 2x6 banner fit, but I want to be sure before I purchase. Thanks!!
Can someone recommend the ideal banner to work with this? Should it have grommets in the corner? Sleeves at the top? Where can I order banner from?
Is this possible to fit a banner with 2'x5'?
How do you attach the banner to this stand? I am having the banner printed and need to know if I should have grommets installed.
Will this work for a foam board banner that needs to be leaned against it?
I need a banner stand to hold a 21" x 38" banner. Any ideas?
what is the depth of this sign?
Hi, I would like to know what is the exactly size for the banner in feet? I don't want to print my banner and it wont probably fit. Thank you!
How is the graphics attached to the stand? Do I need to have grommets in graphic? Or do I just punch a few holes into the graphic myself?
Is this adjustable? Can it be adjust to banner 2.5'x4'?
How wide and deep is the stool?
Beside the price, what is the difference between the Rubbermaid Roughneck step stool and the Rubbermaid Home 420087BISQU step stool?
Do these stack with each other?
Does it float? I was thinking of using for a foot rest in a tub which is too long.
It says "assorted colors" does this mean I have no choice? I already have a step stool that's the wrong color for my remodeled kitchen :(
How much weight does it hold?
If we order this, what color of stool will we receive?
What is diff between the Rubbermade Home and the Rubbermade Roughneck Stools?
how high is this stool?
The #KB102, 5/8" Split key ring. Does it come 100 pieces per package at $9.30 or just 1 piece?
Can you please let me know if these measure 5/8" on the outside or inside.
are these split rings stainless steel? the description didn't say
How many printers are in this lot? 10-12? I've just purchased exact from OMax for $58.68.
Beware of Picasa 3 tinting: Anyone else having this problem with Picasa 3?
I have this printer and it has two black cartridges. Where can i find the larger black one that sits on the right side?
the printer is not taking the paper in , what can we do ??
is there special ink to use in my hp Photosmart D7560 printing on disc's
What is the memory card capacity? My HP D7360 is a great printer but will only take a 2 GB memory card.
This print has 2 black cartridges, what is each for?
Does it scan and does it photocopy?
Will it connect to an ipad 4
Cost of ink per CD or DVD print job? Has anyone figured out much the ink costs on average to print CDs and DVDs with this printer?
I see some mixed reviews here... I'm looking for a quality banner stand that won't break after 2-3 weeks... What's your experience?
Got my sign in the mail, but no instructions. I can't get the clear banner to come out to attach mine. I need help ASAP to use tomorrow at an event.
it is height adjustable?
If my sign is only 31" wide, will it still fit?
I used this for a month, and now it won't retract. Is there a trick to get it to continue to retract?
Our signs are used frequently and the plastic hook on top often breaks- any advice on the sturdiest brand of banner holder? Thanks!
where can i print the actual banner?
Will a 2.5x6 Banner fit 33'x78" stand???? please answer :)
so tacky no instructions, anyone know how to set it up?
Will 5ML Indoor vinyl fit in to this? If not what are the optimal specs of the actual banner?
Is the back solid in the middle? Is there a structure to the chair in the back?
Any tall people own this chair, how is the back? Also how comfortable is the seat cushioning and is it durable so that it lasts more than a year?
does the seat itself if have a title functionality (not the seat back tilt, but the part you sit on)?
Hi, are the arm rests detachable? Thanks.
What is the weight capacity?
How high can the seat go?
Do these cartridges work in a Brother MFC 6490 WC printer?
Does the package have the "innobella" trademark? Also, what is the expiration date on this product? Thanks!
What is the product expiration date on the box?
is this the right ink for Epson Artison 835?
Does it work with an Epson Artisan 830?
Does this work with Epson Stylus NX510 Series?
What is the "Best if Used By Date" on the Cartridge?
will it work with 725?
will it work with an artican 730?
how much more ink is in the "high-capacity" cartridge than the regular cartridge?
i dont print photos? so will printer work if i just replace the black ink cartridge?
Is this product the actual one manufactured and sold by Epson?
What is the date on this ink? I recently bought Epson Ink for my 810 printer and received dried out 2009 ink! Waste of time, money. Need shelflife pls
Does this work with Artisan 730?
has anyone tried this ink on fabric?
Can these be shipped in recent frigid temperatures without damage/loss of quality?
will this work on an artisan 837
Is it a plug and go type of system or do I need to install with a CD, etc.?
Will this foot pedal work with the handheld sony digital recorder?
would this item work with windows 7, on a hp laptop for transcribing lectures?
Is anyone using this foot pedal for daily transcription w/ windows7? I currently transcribe and I'm having major problems with my Infinity pedal.
Is this foot pedal compatible with windows 7? Having major problems with the infinity foot pedal.
Is this compatible with Express Scribe?
Does it work with a digital voice recorder or only with the old cassette systems?
Is the cabinet woodgrain on the backside?
What size hanging files does the cabinet take? Legal size?
how tall is the top shelf under the glass
Is the cabinet woodgrain on the backside?
Are these boards going to warp and bend or crease with use? Is the back made from more than cardboard? Are they going to last more than 1 school year?
Can they be cut into smaller pieces for use in putting on homemade bulletin boards ?
will magnets attach to the boards?
What is the best way to clean these boards?
How thick are these? Would you be able to put them in a photo frame?
are they lined?
How much do these boards weigh? I want to attatch magnets to the back to hold them up.
Are these white boards magnetic also?
If you buy more than one set of 30, do you pay $7.00 in shipping for each set?
how big are the boards?
11 x 17 printer: Does anyone know of a reasonably priced printer (does not have to be All-in-One) that will print 11 x 17 sheets?
Toner usage? I've read a couple pages of reviews and no one mentions how this does on toner usage/pages per cartridge?
when i typed in the search for a color copier that duplexed and would copy 11 x 17 paper this model came up. specs say nothing about paper size. will it do that size?
does this print 11x17
Does imageCLASS MF4370dn do duplex (2 sided) scanning ?
Where is the necessary information? Does this work as a scanner?
Does it support linux? I am wondering if it support linux?
How can I return this product? I want to return this product back, How can I do that?
Mac support???? Where is truth?
I already own this printer. Is there a toner that allows me to print in color?
how do i enable the wifi on this
hello, because you sell this printer? what problems have?
Load paper cassette error when full of paper
how much is the toner for Canon Image CLASS MF4350d Laser all in one printer
can i set up my laptop to wirelessly print with my canon 4350d i purchased it a couple of years ago. its fairly new. please help
android
Anyone using with a wireless print server ? Is anyone using this printer succesfully with a wireless print server ?
scanning speed: Roughly how long does it take to scan the whole page?
"Airplane Wing" Document Tray: Can that huge "wing" be removed if you are not using the MF4350d document feeder?
Does it count mixed denominations? If I set on top a mix of 100's, 20's, 10's, etc. will it count and total the batch?
Will it give me a total amt. Not just the number of bills.
I would like to buy this one but i will send to Venezuela. Could i use this machine for my local currency?
does this machine count how much total money is there and not just count the bills? like if i put 10 $20 dollar bills in will it tell me $200
Does it also sort denominations?
Does this unit have a pause button?
will it add the bills?
What does mean "Value counting with ValuCount" ?
Lets say i put 2 dollar bills and a 5 dollar bill. does this machine tell you how much you have or the amount of bills you put in?
detects counterfeits? is it used for banknotes of another country?
I run a restaurant. If I place the entire cash sales of the prior days sales consisting of all demoninations will it give me a grand total?
Works with 220 volts?
How is the warranty on the machine, is there a 1 year limited factory warranty or is it buy at your own risk? Please reply and thank you
Will it read the new $100 bill ?
I need count tickets 3.5cms x 5 cms is posible ?
Which bill's does it count?
Does It count the latest $100 bills?
Does it work for used currency
If i place 5 20's in the feeder will it read 5... or will it read 100 for the value amount.?
Can this machine count foreign currency
Where do you buy refills?
How long is the &amp;*^% thing?
can you order refills for pen
will this work for mf4350?
This is an absurdly low price compared to new ones at Staples or OfficeMax. Are we talking an actual, filled toner cartridge, ready to print??
Mine causes streaks. Also this toner does NOT stick to Avery labels. Printed letter comes off from Avery labels like burned rubber.
I have ordered two others which worked great and one that leaves black streaks across the page. Can i fix it? Would like to reorder if it can be fixed
Can you also print in color with this toner?
Will this work for Canon D460-490?
is compatible with the photocopier f156602
Will this fit a Cannon MF4100 Series UFRIILT ?
how many copy
how many pages can thi tonner copy?
Is the lumbar support adjustable with this chair? Thanks, Craig
What does "latte" mean? Does it refer to the color of the mesh back, i.e., is the mesh a coffee-brownish color?
Does anyone know if one could sit in this chair for 8+ hours?
I need a replacement arm rest. Can I purchase a replacement arm rest?
can you remove the arms?
Would it work on old pottery / porcelain?
can you eat out of a bowl glued with this product?
Will this product hold up outside with temps up to 120?
Is this glue safe in a microwave? I need to repair a glass microwave plate.
wjat is the highest temperature this glue can withstand?
is there a way to remove this product from the back of tile that had been in my bathroom? I would like to use some of the tile again.
What is the page count for both b&amp;w as well as color?
can you get a wireless adaptor for this printer?
Will this printer work with Windows 7?
What is the output for color prints in PPM?
what is the dpi on this printer
what's the physical dimensions, please -- H x D x L
card stock
is there scanning capability?
Invitations: Does anyone know if this printer will handle this material?
Can the three-shelf unit be either on the left OR the right of the desk? Or does it have to be to the left?
How much weight can this hold? I create digital art and need a large monitor.
Can I remove the glass pane from the level the binders are sitting on? I have full tower that is 23 inches and tall and won't fit otherwise. (18inch)
Can this support 2x 20" monitors? Or is it not wide enough??
Can the bookcase be moved to the right side?
Can you adjust the height of the top shelf to be a little lower?
Dimensions of the shelves???
Is the glass on the edge of the desk beveled or is it sharp edge?
where can i find the dimensions
replacement glass
Are the pages perforated and able to be torn out of the book?
Is the paper white or recycled /brownish paper. I need a notebook where the grain of the paper is minimal. Need to use it for a fountain pen.
The name says "100 Pages" but the picture of the back said "100 Sheets 200 Pages". Which is it?
Does this notebook have the letter writing guide on the inside front cover?
What is the exact size of each page?
How many books do you receive in a pack?
Is this considered wide ruled? That's what I need to fulfill my son's school supply list.
is the spacing (between blue line and red line) 1/2" or 1"?
Is that shipping date correct? Why does it take over a month?? I need this for school which starts next week
how many books are included in the order? its confusing because the item details lst "1 pack" for $4 and change" but does not mention how many in pack
what kind of ink cartridge do I need?
Is it possible to change the nib on this pen?
where did a pen make?
Is all the gold on the pen 18k plate?
Do you like the way it writes? What color ink comes with it?
Unable to find Bulow ink cartridges. What size and/or make - etc will fit this pen? An exact answer will be greatly appreciated. Thanks!
Can this pen be easily used by left handed people?
How do you fill the pen?
What is the width of thenib of this pen?
Will Parker refills fit this pen?
which ink does it use
Would this be usable in a machine shop setting for doing things such as scribing metal?
What is the size of the lead refills? I currently have a compass that takes 0.5 mm lead refills.
do the two buttons on the side allow you open and close it without using the center wheel?
Where can I find a replacement for the tiny screw that holds the lead in place? I lost mine.
This does come with the universal adapter? I don't see it in the image, only where it went in the box.
Is this Made in Germany? Also, does it have two metal ends? I was planning on using this to read EKG's, but it won't really work if one end is lead.
What is the weight capacity of this? I have a 100 pound printer that I would like to place on this if ordered.
What are the dimensions of the sliding keyboard tray?
Is it possible to get a black desk with a transparent glass? What would be the price?
do you ship to puerto rico ?
does this desk come with the cpu tray pictured?
How does this work, exactly? I'm having trouble visualizing it.
I installed this, but my door pin gets loose as the door is opened and closed? Has anyone else had this problem? Any ideas how to fix it?
Are these reversible for doors that hinge from the left and the right? The circular rubber cushion looks like it's only one one side.
Can you install this on the center hinge?
I can't get the pin out of my door hinge so that I can insert the stopper. Any suggestions? I've tried everything.
How many are in a pack? It says $2.06 for one or $29.99 for a 5 pack? Thanks for your help.
do you need to use two per door, or is one ok?
What is the diameter of the hole? Can it be installed on the entrance door with big hinges?
Hi, if one applies the stuff to walls and later removes it, will it remove paint? thanks
Doe this work safely on Vinyl wallpaper?
How does this product hold up under heat. Such as if one were to hang something over a window to reduce heat. Would this product hold up? Thanks, J
I've seen several reviews on speakers mounts that claim this stuff holds speakers on mounts, up to 30 lbs. Does anyone here know about that?
How do i fix my tac becoming weaker? Things it used to hold up are falling down now. (just a small whiteboard the size of a comp monitor. very light)
How many Blu-Tack packs would I need to hold two large bookshelve speakers on stands? They're 45lbs each and their base is 14'' x 9''.
Could this work to keep a 7 lb computer monitor stable on a horizontal surface that moves up and down?
Will it leave a mark on aluminum long term? I'm considering using it to stick some stuff to the top of my thunderbolt display.
Would this work on a cork board? Thank you.
Would this work well for fabrics? Like tacking a fabric to the wall?
Does this include a set of ink cartridges?
is this 220 power? the cord is very different looking
Is there an additional paper tray available for this model?
Is this printer swichable between 110 and 220 volt without changing any hardware?
Does this printer come with wireless network capability e.g. can I print from my iPhone/iPad to it without buying more hardware or software?
Do they bond wood to cement?
what is the diameter of the glue sticks
What color is the glue? (I assumed white from the picture and having a 725R510 box at home but there was a review saying that it was yellow)
are these the cloudy glue sticks or the clear ones? supposidly there is a difference in how they behave, important for foamboard RC aircraft
Are these sticks round, or rectangular? I know the measurement shows "diameter", but if I buy "bulk" I want to make sure they fit the gun I am using.
is 725r510 glue stick suitable for wood. molding etc
Is this 7/16?
Are these 7/16 diameter?
Is this a magnetic board?
Does it hang with double sided tape?
Does it come with hardware to hang it on the wall?
What are the dimensions of each individual daily square?
dimension: Does the size 18"x24" include the frame also?
Some cork boards are too thin for a push pin to go in very far. Is that the case with this board?
Can you easily separate the cork from the frame to cover it with fabric?
Can this board hang portrait and landscape? Is there mounting hardware on both sides of the frame?
can it be hung longways?
What is the hardware that comes with board? Is it the metal grommets that can be put on to hang vertically or horizonally?
Are they designed that they can be hung vertically, as well as horizontally?
How thick is the cork portion (not just the frame)?
are the frames square wood so i could mount hinge on edge...if so how thick is it? And on a previous question you said don't buy this thing? are you
The display picture doesn't show any branding on the frame. Can the white brand name in the lower right be peeled off?
Can it be hung either vertically or horizontally?
could you confirm the size?
can this board double as a flannel board
Will the board itself stick to a metal surface?
Can this product be mounted vertically (ie, portrait instead of landscape)?
Is it a magnetized so screws will stick or just metal so magnets will stick?
Is this board the newer, heavier model that the latest reviewer suggested?
the markers i bought (dry erase, not board dudes) do not work on it. The black fades out back to white in 10 sec. Has anyone else had this problem?
Can this product be hung vertically?
How thick is the cork layer? (My pin is 1/2 inch long including the head piece and I want to make sure it really sticks)
Is the 22 x 35 include the black frame and what are the black frame measurements (like is 1" or 2" thick)
I would like to use the board to hang my jewlry. Is the board sturdy enough to have hooks screwed into it. I have a lot of jewelry.
Is the frame removeable?
Is the back flat so that it can this be hung on a brick wall with Velcro tape?
Is it large? Where I live we have a different unit of mesuring. I mean is it at least as big as a normal sized computer?
How much does 22 x 35 board weigh? How does it mount? Looking to put it in a dorm room which does not allow nails in the wall so not sure if this board is too heavy.
Is the black frame wood or plastic?
Can it be hung vertically rather than horizontally? I.e., I want to hang it on a door that is only 24" wide.
I need to mount this item on the wall, but vertically and not horizontal. Can the tray be mounted on the narrow side of the board vs the wide side? Thank you
How does the tray attach? I don't see how it snaps on at all.
mount tray
How can i mount this? Do I need to drill a hole in the wall to mount this? I stay in an apartment, so i can not drill hole in the wall.
I would like to hang on back of door in kitchen, which leads to garage. The door is about 1 1/4 inches thick. Will the provided screws be too long?
Can this board be hung verticially as well as horizontally? Does it have the hardware to do this on the back?
Is the manufacturer's name on the frame???
Can this be used outside? We are in Florida and want to post bldg information on it near mail Center
Is the frame removeable?
Did yours smell like mold?
Does this have a logo on it? Some of the reviews mention it, but it's not in the photo. Don't want a logo.
What are the dimensions of the cork surface? I am trying to order a print to fit inside the frame.
Are the dimensions of the cork surface or the cork and the frame? I need to mount a 24x36 poster and don't want it hanging over the edges.
Can you mount this with Command large picture velcro strips?
What size are the screws? Mine was missing one and can't seem to find the info anywhere?
Does the cork board and frame disassemble in order to get a map framed in between?
how thick is the cork layer?
Is the measurement of the actual cork area 24 x 36 or is the measurement including the frame?
I lost the instructions on how to mount my board. Do you have it online or could I get an additional copy of it?
where is this pen made
Is the ballpoint tip retractable? If so, what is the retraction mechanism: twist or push?
Is it the Standard Version or Slim Version?
What is the difference between this pen and the one that Parker has on their website? This one is the Sonnet GT, what does GT mean? R they same size?
Does it come with a gift box?
Is the weight of pen 5 oz? just want to know if it feels heavy in the hand as i prefer "heavy" pens.. hope you understand what im trying to say?:)
can I use fine point refills?
Do Parker pens have serial codes? I received this one and the ball point one (they said sonnet). Also any karat gold markings?
What color ink cartridge does it come with?
I'm looking for a pen that I can engrave and give as a present. What is the opinion in doing it on this pen??? Suggestions???
does it come with a converter
What does the pen come with?
Will a converter work with this pen? If so, which one?
where is country of origin?
Does this have interchangable nibs? As in, could I purchase another nib, take the one inclueded out of the pen, and put the new one in?
Medium point means 0.5mm point&#xFF1F;
In a parker website, it says it has 23k gold plated nib. is this the same for this particular item?
Could you fold the portfolio to write on it?
Does the zipper get in the way or irritate you when writing?
Can I add a writing pad that opens as a book not a note pad that opens up and out?
How much does it weigh?
Do replacement notepads fit easily? I've looked at some padfolios that had odd sized notepads which are hard to replace.
Can you fit a Surface Pro 3 (11.5" x 7.93" x 0.36") into the laptop compartment?
Some reviews say it's real leather, and some say it's not. So, is there any REAL leather in this item?
Will standard folders (9.5" x 11.75") fit in the left side pocket/sleeve. My last purchase looked good but was not deep enough for a full size folder
Is it possible to fit Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 32GB 2014 Edition along with a case such as either rooCase Origami or Samsung Book Case?
Will this work for a left handed person?
Does the ink dry pretty fast?
Does the pen ooze a lot of ink. Does it bleed through paper?
what size nib does it have?
is the ink permanent or does it bleed if the page gets damp after the ink has dried?
Two questions: 1) Is the paper clamp see-through? 2) Will it cleanly cut paper that has been laminated with 5 ml laminate?
Can you provide information about the measuring scale on the base? What are the increments and how wide are the measurements listed? Thanks
What are the dimensions of the actual trimmer? (Length, width, height)
Where is this product made?
Will this paper cutter cut medium weight chipboard?
Will it work with Windows 7?
Will it work with Windows 7 64 bit? Will it work with Windows 7 64 bit?
Size of Photo's: Does anyone know the max size of photo that can be scanned with this product.
Does it scan mounted slides?
Does anyone know how it handles single scans of multiple photos? When I scan multiple pics on my old HP, I get multiple files (preferred), not single
I want to preserve old pictures of my family and especially my sister who passed away recently. How can I title these pictures as I scan them.???
I have some old b&amp;w negatives on glass plates about 5"x7". any ideas how i would scan these into positive jpgs?
Will Epson V300 Output in JPEG? Does Epson 300 produce JPEG as well as PDF?
old photo scans: Am I reaching for the sky with my expectations on this scanner?
I have some old b&amp;w negatives on glass plates about 5"x7". any ideas how i would scan these into positive jpgs?
Are these 175 ft in length? I'm confused by the 350 total sq. feet.
I purchased this bubble wrap Sept. and Nov. 2014 -- sold by Pro Packaging. Is it going to be the same excellent quality bubble wrap from ValueMailers?
Is it strong at the perforations? Won't be separating; need to wrap around large framed art several times, don't want it to tear.
Is this wrap recyclable?
How much weight is the wrap itself?
Is this the regular size bubbles or some smaller sort? I am familiar with regular and large only. Thanks.
How long will the product take to ship to Alaska from the time I order it. Since it is not eligible for amazon prime I wasn't sure
Is this any good for popping for therapeutic reasons? Is this soothing?
HOw quickly do you ship?
One reviewer said it was sticky.Why is it sticky? Does it mean I cannot reuse it?
What mil thickness are these bags? I would like to use them to mail clothing and want to make sure they protect. Thank You
How many do I get per order these are $11.57 and it says 100 qty so would it be 100 for $11.57
100 envelopes for $5.70???
What sizes are these and how many of each do you get?
20 x 30 WHITE TISSUE PAPER-2 Reams, 960 Sheets Can you confirm that there are 2 reams. product numbersez 480 Manufacturer = Number e2x_tp480ct .and weight should be 19lb not 9lb
is this the kind of tissue you use for when you wrap gifts in gift bags -- the light tissue that pops out of the top? or is this heavier?
Can this be used to make tissue pom poms? Would it be too thin / delicate?
Is this paper acid free?
Is this two reams of 960 or a total of 960?
Could I use them to store posters in?
Hi, will this ship a 24 x 14 x 4 in dimension boots box?
Are these envelopes 2.8 ML thick poly, Tear &amp; Puncture resistant, have the silver inner layer to provide confidentiality?
how thick/ high can an item be - 10 to 12 inches?
Could you ship blankets (queen size fleece throws) in these?
Does this item cost $11.95 for one case of 50 ?
I have three summer dresses needing to be returned. Do you think they will fit in this size bag?
What is the actual weight of one of these envelopes?
True Size? Header says !9" x 24" but "product dimensions" say 19.2" x 13.2"....so what is the actual Width and Length of the envelope?
Would these work for shipping shoes in their original shoe boxes? Would the 14.5 x 19 work better?
Are the file folders included with the binder?
Can you remove the inner folder so that all you have is a velcro binder? I just need the binder part for traveling, I don't need any of the pockets.
do the rings fall off the binder?
need the binder for technic blades - 3 ring - 5,5" x 8,5 " . Is it compatible ?
I want to use this to store my coupons. Will this hold the plastic coupon pages that are sold online?
Is this binder cardboard or plastic underneath the material? I am looking for something that is very durable and cardboard just isn't.
what are the binder's dimensions?
Does it come with shoudler strap?
Where is it manufactured? Thanks.
is there really a strong odor?
WHen you're finished with the roll, could you recycle the can and put another roll in the can? Thanks.
how thick it is?
I want to bundle the unsightly leaves from flowering bulbs. Will this work?
Has anyone tried to knit with this twine??? i want to make a beach bag but i think yarn would get yucky fast.
Is this twine wired?
How tall is the can? Diameter?
WHen you're finished with the roll, could you recycle the can and put another roll in the can? Thanks.
Does this come with a toner cartridge?
Can this printer work wireless with my router
is this printer black or white the picture changes but model number does not?
Does this printer have parallel port
Does this printer have complete functionality on a Mac running os 10.9?
Is this phone compatible with other house phones?
This might sound like a dumb question.. but does ringer come through the headset or the charging base?
Can I attach this set to my non-digital plain old analog telephone line?
Will the phone work while docked in the charger. The one I have now disconnects the call when placed in the charger and I need one that will not do this.
Does this have speakerphone?
Please let me know is there a amplifier to use with this phone? I used this phone but need to amplify the sound better. which amplifier use with it?
While you're talking on the headset, you have the option "Privacy" on this headset. What does that option do exactly.
is there a speed dial
Is there an adapter that will connect to phone line jack?
Can you turn off the caller ID feature
Is this phone compatible with other house phones?
This might sound like a dumb question.. but does ringer come through the headset or the charging base?
Can I attach this set to my non-digital plain old analog telephone line?
Will the phone work while docked in the charger. The one I have now disconnects the call when placed in the charger and I need one that will not do this.
Does this have speakerphone?
Please let me know is there a amplifier to use with this phone? I used this phone but need to amplify the sound better. which amplifier use with it?
While you're talking on the headset, you have the option "Privacy" on this headset. What does that option do exactly.
is there a speed dial
Is there an adapter that will connect to phone line jack?
Can you turn off the caller ID feature
Is this phone compatible with other house phones?
This might sound like a dumb question.. but does ringer come through the headset or the charging base?
Can I attach this set to my non-digital plain old analog telephone line?
Will the phone work while docked in the charger. The one I have now disconnects the call when placed in the charger and I need one that will not do this.
Does this have speakerphone?
Please let me know is there a amplifier to use with this phone? I used this phone but need to amplify the sound better. which amplifier use with it?
While you're talking on the headset, you have the option "Privacy" on this headset. What does that option do exactly.
is there a speed dial
Is there an adapter that will connect to phone line jack?
Can you turn off the caller ID feature
good for my 17 inch hp laptop?
I need it to raise the laptop by about 4" - will it do that?
what keeps the laptop from sliding off the bottom?
How heavy is this stand and what are the measurements?
How do you refill the ink when it runs out?
Does a converter come with this pen? or is it sold separately?
Does this pen come with a ink Cartridge?
Are these supposed to arrive unassembled? There were 3 loose pieces flying around in the Amazon box when I opened it.
Anyone buy the black version? If so, did yours come with a black nib? Which seller did you get yours from if you received a black nib?
This pen uses international cartridges?
Do the Platinum Preppy pens work with a separately purchased Platinum converter?
Am I supposed to do anything other than pop the ink on the feed? My pen doesn't seem to write...
Can the nib be removed to be replaced with a rollerball tip?
How is the line thickness compared to a line from a .5mm mechanical pencil?
can this be used with TWAIN drivers?
Is this scanner compatible with Windows 7?
Is this networkable? Can I use it with more than one computer?
Is this good for Iphone 4s?
Do I have to bring my phone into Apple for an inspection for this to take effect?
HI, is this applecare good for the iphone 5s? Thanks
Hi! Is it good for iPhone 5s please? Thanks!
I just purchased an Iphone 5c online via amazon but now i want to buy the protection. How will this be linked to my serial number phone?
Covers the 4G version of 5s ??
If you bought for a 5s iPhone, why are you selling it? Is the box sealed? What specific Model phone is it for? It should say...
Is this good for new iPhone 4C?
HI, is this good for the Iphone 4? NOT 4s, but the iphone 4..please advise asap. many thx
is this the applecare plus protection?
Panasonic 2-Line Corded Cordless DECT 6.0 Black Telephone (KX-TG9391T) Does anyone know if you actually get a cordless handset with this Panasonic KX-TG9391T phone or if you have to buy the handset separately?
I have the KX-TG9391T phone with the KX-TGA939T cordless handset. Message on the cordless is "No link to base reconnect AC adaptor"
I love the phone but none of the display features are working. Obviously it needs a battery, but I cannot find where on the set the battery goes!
Is there a headset jack on the base or cordless handset?
Anyone know if the phone supports Call Waiting caller ID?
How can i tell if my current Panasonic handsets will work with this system?
does the corded phone have a wall mount feature?
Does the handset show duration of a call?
hearing aid compatible
headset
will the 42" ruler work on a 42" table or do I need to order the 36" ruler?
Is the length adjustable? Would it work for a 45" wide table.
What will be the delivery date if I purchase today?
I also have a glass table, would this parallel bar work on this kind of table?
Does this item come with the cable cords and its installments?
I have a Glass drafting table: I was wondering would this work on a glass table, I really need a parallel bar but I have concerns about how it would work?
HOw much clearance is there when mounted under a desk
how much weight will this hold? I want to use this as an extension of my desk and might want to hold a book or two.
Does the 28" width include the turnout of the brackets? What is the actual measurement of the width of the wood tray?
what is the measurement from the underside of a desktop from which it hangs, to the underside of the shelf ?
i am looking for a width of 21 to 22 inches to fit my desk-any recommendations?
How do you release it so the keyboard will slide?
Could you mount this to a metal desk?
Does the shelf slide under the desk and then out?
Is the clearance adjustable?
Anyone use this as an under desk laptop pullout for a Dell 10"x15"x1.75" Latitude?
Can you write in any position with this pen? And has anyone used it for outdoor work under different weather conditions? Like to know your experience.
Are these pens 0.5mm, 0.7mm, or 1.0 mm? Can't seem to find this info on the page.
Does this pen have the stainless steel cone tip as shown in the photo or do they have the plastic tip?
What color is the outside of the pen with black ink? I bought a 3 pk of black ink pens and the outside is blue...
How many pens are being sold?
Does anyone know if a console (ps3) could fit under this stand?
I just got a 50" Panasonic LED TV replacing a 42" plazma and find that the new one sits lower on the stand, will this stand hold a 40-50Lb. TV?
Are they stackable?
what is the space between columns
I know the height is adjustable, but what are the length and width dimensions between the legs underneath the stand? Thanks.
What is the weight limit?
What is the inside length and width? I have a laptop that is 10 inches long by 15 inches wide that I wanted to store in the space under this stand
what is the measurement from left to right? Is it 17 inch or is it the diagonal lenghth? Also 13 1/4 is from front to back (depth) correct?
Does the unit have rubber feet to prevent it from sliding around on a desk or are the feet plastic?
how much weight will this support?
Does 7" really mean 14", all the way around?
Newspaper doesn't provide bands to us deliveryfolk -- will these be adequate for a "typical" Sunday edition paper?
How many pieces are in each box?
What size are the two larger drawers on each side? Are they actual file drawers?
What are the shipping dimensions?
i was wondering if anyone found a wood ornate chair that will fit under this desk thanks.
Has anyone else had issues getting the drawers out so that the legs can be put on?
Is the middle drawer a drop-down for a computer keyboard?
Is the wood legs on this cheap, sturdy, etc? Just wondering what they are made of or how well they are made?
Does anyone know the weight of the desk, not noted on the description.
Is it possible to not attach the piece that holds the computer tower? I'd only be using a laptop and would prefer the footspace. Thanks in advance!
Can I avoid not putting on the keyboard tray? I prefer to have my keyboard and mouse on the desk. Thanks in advance!
My biggest concern with the clear glass is the visibility of cables (I use a dual monitor system, a scanner, and a printer). How unsightly is it?
Is this desk dark brown or black? Also, can each side of the desk stand alone and be used as two separate desks? Thanks!!
Can i switch the keyboard to the right side, so that i can have the computer located on the right desk of the L shape? Thanks
Could someone tell me how long each piece is?
Does the keyboard tray have enough room for a mouse on it as well?
What are the dimensions of the computer tower tray?
I have a fairly thick desk, about 2 3/4 inches; will the clamp fit? What are the dimensions of the clamp portion?
How high up can the monitors be mounted on the pole / how "tall" is the mounting pole? I need at least 27" of space below the part that connects to the monitor..
I have just received the unit, has anyone had a problem with sagging 27 screen? According to the site it's14.1 lbs
Do the arms spread apart enough to accomodate a laptop screen in btw the two LCD panels, something like : [24inchLCD][16inchLaptop][24inchLCD]
My desk has a 1/2" bevel on the underside, how far in are the screws on the clamp, and will this hold?
I have 2 Asus VS278Q 27" monitors. I'd like one directly in front of me, and the other angled in from the side about 15 degr. This mount work OK?
I only have about 1 1/2" deep lip on my desk for the clamp to grab is this enough? The desk has a back to it and the top only over hangs 1 1/2"
My two 17" monitors mounted fine, but now they're to close. I can not move them back! Are there other stands better for 17" monitors?
Are you able to rotate a screen into a portrait orientation?
Do the mounts rotate so that I can use my monitors in landscape or portrait mode?
How much tilt does this allow for the monitors? I would want the bottom 2 monitors touching the top of the desk and leaning back maybe 45 degrees.
What's the max. adjustable height to the center of the top pair VESA mounts from where the pole starts at the base mount?
is it sturdy
If I wanted to remove one of the sets of arms and use the system for just 2 monitors would I be able to do that?
Will this stand also work for LED monitors?
can I mount to a 1/4" tempered glass top desk?
I assume the arms are made of aluminum w/ plastic hinges.. but is the center post steel? Also, how is the post attached to the base? Welded?
Is the pole hollow ? I would like to mount it so it slide up and down on a inside pole.
Is there a way to mount this using the grommet hole in a desk?
What is the distance between the inner edge of the round screw and the black clamp? (asking to determine minimum inches the desk's ledge needs)
Will this machine run on batteries as well as electricity?
The dimensions on Amazon state 15 x 15 x 12 in. but the dimensions for this product on your website is 10.9&rdquo;w x 9.9&rdquo;d x 6.2&rdquo;h. Which is correct?
This counter works only with American currency Dollar or currency also works with other countries, such as Venezuela?
what is the voltage of this machine? because i want to use it in china
Will it read the new $100 bill ?
How do I buy parts, specifically UV light source when it checks out?
Does it come with a warranty?
does it count mixed bills
if you put in (6) $100's (10) $5's (20) $1's does it count the total or does it just tell you how many $100's $5's $1's etc?
does it count mixed bills?
This model have manual funtion?
Can I detect fake money with this machine?
I want to know that the machine can count the sum of money from the different bill
Does this machine count euros?
Can you alter the speed at which the 6600 counts? (make it go slower?)
how good is this compared to other machines?
Does this come with a warranty?
May I count bills From different countries: &acirc;&#130;&not;, &Acirc;&pound;?
Will the Cassida Currency Counter (5520UV) calculate the dollar amount and the bill count? I assume denomination is entered for dollar amt?
Can i work with euro?
good afternoon. ALSO DETECTED EUROS ?
The machine "Cassida 3300", detected the new (last) bills of US$ 100.00.?
can set the machine also to Dominican peso DOP
Can it also work with foreign currency like Bolivares, the code is Bs ???
how many pound can this hold?
what is the actual size. 19x14x15 doesn't sound right. How tall is the platform?
I have seen a number of reviews complaining of a strong rubber smell and the difficulty of removing that odor. What was your experience?
Can I use the handrail in order to lift myself onto the platform/step?
What is the step made of? Is it particle board?
Are the rubber tips removeable? I might need to have the legs shortened as it is a bit too high for me to step up onto .
Can you adjust the height of the handle
What is the maximum weight this can tolerate?
how is the handle connected to teh base? by screws,weld? I am wondering how solid the handle would be?
Would this step stool be balanced enough for use on a padded carpet?
Did anybody get it to work on Maveric?
Will this work on an Ipad/Iphone running power point. I'd love to only need my ipad and this clicker to use for my presentations. If not, any ideas?
It works with a Windows notebook with bluetooth enabled?
Presentation remote for Ipad: Any other solutions?
How does this compare to the Safari? I have a Safari and love it
Is this pen use fountain ink refill/cartridge or it can be refilled by absorbing ink?
What color is the ink in the ocean blue pen?
Does this go with a cartridge or a refill converter?
I just got my pen and it doesn't write. Does it take a while for the ink to flow?
Can i carry this pen on a flight?
Is it quiet? (i.e., can you hear each tick of the clock's mechanism)?
Per the description this clock is about 6" by 5". Is it really that big?
How loud is it? I need it loud. Thank You, John
Can the time be seen at night?
Battery info ?
does it have a snooze feature?
The clock alarm beeps 20-25 minutes earlier than the alarm is set for. Is there any way to reset it so that this doesn't happen.
What are the dimensions of the two compartments inside? Does the larger compartment hold 8-1/2" x 11" papers and word search books?
I need a lap desk to do research. Does this product provide enough room to take notes from open books?
Does this feel heavy on your lap?
What the heck does this have to do with the desk?: About Lock % LockLock % Lock Company designs and creates containers that feature a unique four-side
Where is this made?
Can this be used with a IPAD or a tablet?
I'd like to put this on top of a lap tray for my young daughter. Will the cushion base fit inside the lip of the tray-about 14 x 21.5 inches?
The exterior height is 4.2 inches. What is the interior height? How tall of an object will fit inside the desk when the lid is closed?
Does it have a felt-lined storage compartment &amp; does the lid locks open?
Can you confirm which measurements are Width, Height, &amp; Depth?
Answers 3 &amp; 4 conflict. 3 says it will hold 12x12, yet 4 says it's compartments are about 11x17?
Does a scrapbooking paper (30 cm x 30 cm) enter in this classroom? Or it's only standard paper?
There were no instructions in my order. How do assemble it?
What is this made out of?
will this hold 12x12 scrapbooking paper?
Does this hold 12x12 scrapbook paper??? I am really confused with all of the above answers.
is it stackable?
Weird question...will the slots hold a regular sized pie?
Is each slot 18" wide and 12" deep or 12" wide and 18" deep? In other words, does paper slide into it in portarait or lanscape orientation?
Which cartridge No. does it use? It is definitely a convenience when manufacturers keep the same consumables among different models.
Can I use this for MacBook Air?
Is this compatible with Windows 7?
Can these labels be used for garden plant markers?
Will this device work with Windows 8 or 8.1?
I have plugged the P-touch 1230 PC to my laptop but cannot get a screen to give me instructions to print a label. help please.
I want to cut down the amount of label before and after printed area. How can I do this? What a waste of label.
Does anyone know will this label printer print different languages as long as you have the fonts installed on your PC? (Like: Japanese. Korean, etc.)
compatible with windows 7?
mac os x
Can you use the labeler and connect to PC to make larger than 1'' labels via a regular printer?
Is it compatible with Mac computers?
It states it will print multiple lines. How many lines does "multiple" mean? What is maximum number of lines?
Can you tell me this printer can output Chinese &#xFF1F;
It cuts a small piece of blank tape before it prints any label. is there anything i can do to stop it from wasting my tape?
Can it print language other than English?
Can I print Barcodes with this printer?
mac
refillable
Are you supposed to remove the clear tape over the ink hole before installing, or does this get puntured when installed?
Has anyone else experienced poor quality of second order
I just ordered these and opened the package and confused, am I suppose to put them in my printer as shipped or put them in cartridge??
Where is the 440cn option?
Could u let me know ASAP. How many balck color cartrickge included in the package.? Thank
Is the tilt degree adjustable?
could you write on this as well as read?
Will it hold a 1000 page hard-back medical text? About 2.5 inches thick? Or would the Freesia or Rosemary models be more appropriate?
will the magnet be an issue if i used this for my digital reader? Will it damage my ereader?
How many tilt-positions are there? In addition, is the surface smooth enough to write on? Thanks.
Does this book holder work in bed?
an ipad on this? Any one else have any experience with ipads on book stands?
suitable for a patient without much use of hands?
Is this very portable? If I go to the library at school and then back to my house, is it easy to carry or a burden?
paperback textbook ?
Will this Kingston 4GB DDR# SDRAM 1066MHZDDr31066/PC385 work onmy MacBookPro3,1 with intelcore 2 duo
Will this memory work with my iMAC Early 2009?
will this memory work with macbook 13&Acirc;&uml; aluminum late 2008?
Hello i have a toshiba laptop and was wondering if this product would fit? The specifications are: DDR3 SDRAM 1066MHz / PC3-8500 SO-DIMM 204-pin
Will this work in my new Lenovo B540 AIO Desktop? I just received the B540 from Amazon, so far it's great, but I fear multitasking is going to need more than the 4Gb it came with. Please advise.
will this work in a mid 2009 13-inch macbook pro? its got 2.26 GHz intel core 2 duo
will this work in my Imac
Does it work with macbook white 2010?
does it work with 15" macbook pro late 2008?
Does this memory also work for early 2008 Macbook models?
Exactly how do you install this cartridge in an MFC-7420 Brother printer? this is my second order, and my printer continues to not recognize it.
does this make streaks? and why does it say in the description "Genuine name-brand replacement" ??
is everyone who purchased this happy with it
Does this work in a Brother HL-2040? It says it will, but I just ordered a different "compatible" cartridge that said the same thing and it didn't.
originality: is this toner a genuine Brother toner packed in Brother box and sealed?
How loud is the alarm? 90 yr old parent is hard of hearing. And how easy enough right out of the box to set the clock/alarm without assistance?
is there any warranty
how long is the snooze
Is this clock made in the USA or China?
A different company makes a clock very similar, which I ordered. I had a brignt BLUE backlite and I couldn't stand it. Does THIS clock have that light
Does this clock have a "ticking" noise?
is this alarm clock a bright white ,it looks cream in the amazon picture
Does this clock 'tick" with the second hand jumping ahead each second, or does it run smoothly with the second hand flowing in a continuous movement?
ad says it is eliglble for free shipping.........but even when added to a $50 order, this clock adds $7+.........what gives
Tell me about the brightness of the backlight
Can I use Premium Inkjet Ink Refill for Canon PIXMA MX860 printer CLI-221 and PGI-220 cartridges?
I refill the cartridge and print the test page. For some reason printer won't work on its own please help.
Can this ink make the ink cartridge dry inhibiting the potential for the ink to bleed out?
Does this ink work with a HP Officejet 5610?
how many bottles do you get in this kit
Will this work for Canon mx432?
is it come with the filler?
Printer is HP 3510, will print test page, but will not print from computer, any program
Is this a dye or pigment based ink?
will this work for my cannon printer
Is it working in HP Deskjet 1510 All In One?
Is this compatible with HP 564 cartridges?
Will this work with Lexmart 43XL 44XL ?
Will this kit work for HP 56 &amp; 57 ink cartridges?
Would this work for CL-241 Dye Color and PG-240 Pigment Black Cartridge? Thanks
Is this ink compatible with HP 60 ink?
what size is the desk plate- length x height?
How many letters can I have on each line?
Do they have any reservations about what the words are, e.g. four letter curse words?
Is the name engraved or just letters made out of vinyl or a similar material?
How much does engraving cost?
What kind of engraving does it come with?
If I order mulitple name plates, will the shipping be a flat fee?
Can you engrave a university's trademarked logo next to the name?
what are the maximum dimensions of the size plate that can go on the wood, and can I by just the wood bases? Thank yiou
Can you switch the name plate, we have two office administrators and would like to switch the names
J. Smith said in his review that it wobbled from side to side. How bad is it? I need it to be sturdy. If it wobbles, I would not be a happy buyer.
What is the actual depth of the glass top from front to back?
Does this desk come with an attached side table to make an L-shaped desk with the 8 mm glass?
How wide is this?
Is it possible adjust the height of the keyboard tray? I need the keyboard tray to be at a specific height from the ground.
Is hard to assemble the desk?
What are the dimensions of the keyboard pullout drawer?
How much weight can this desk support?
Is this strong enough for desktop use?
The published measurements say that it is 34" high. this seems high. what is the height from floor to table top?
Am I able to use my own image/template or not?
Can you add barcodes on these cards?
Is the power supply of 220 volts?
can i print with this machine aluminum credit cards ?
What the minimum card size ?
I realize this is a single side printer, however, can I print one side and then go back and print the other side?
Would you be able to use a laptops camera to take pictures to print for IDs?
Can Badgy be used in laptops or Ipads from Apple? Would you be able to use the laptops or Ipads Camera to take pictures to use for the IDs?
Does this print in portrait orientation? And can I design my own cards? (or do i have to use a template?)
What is the average ink cost per side?
This was listed as compatible for my HP LaserJet P1006, but the numbers on the box don't match that. Will they work or do I need to return them?
Will this fit for a Canon Super G3 serial number EKH50866
Will this work with HP Lasrjet Professional M1210?
I live in an apt, is the handle long enough to pull out, roll downstairs and dump the trash at the trash bin ? thanks
Can this be easily opened from the top (without having to use the step button)? Also, what color looks best?
I just received this trash can and the lid is locked. I have no idea how it releases. I've tried pushing but don't want to break the lock, of course.
what trash bag fits in this can?
What is the width/diameter of this pen in mm?
To retract the pen, do you click it to retract or rotate it in between pen/pencil?
How long does the black ink pen cartridge last under ordinary daily use? And can the pencil store more than one lead at a time?
I'm curious what the difference is between this and the Skilcraft Alpha Tech 3 also found here on Amazon. Anybody know?
can you disassemble the pen? and if yes, how?
Are the ink cartrages pressureized? Will the ink write in the rain?
Does it have a stylus above erasor ?
Hello, I just realized that I forgot how to change the cartridge on my Skillcraft pen. Can anyone tell me how to do that?
Will this pen accept the Fisher Space Pen Universal refill (SU style)?
The title is worded funny. Does it come with 12 pens? Or 1
If the drawer is 8.5" x 11" in dimension, wouldn't it be impossible to lift paper out of the drawer without wrinkling? I'm looking for a drawer to store copy paper.
How high is each drawer...
What are the overall dimensions of this organizer?
Are the drawers removable?
Does it fit letter (8.5 x 11) paper?
Are they strong enough, if put at each end of a 6' desk, to hold a 1" thick board spanning them, like a shelf to store things on?
What are the INSIDE dimensions of the drawers. More to the point, will a drawer hold a 12" candle?
Him, Does anyone know if these are stackable?
what is the ocerall size?
are these drawers separable?
What are the dimensions of the map once it is posted on the wall, is it 116 x 76?
What would you recommend for the best way to hang it on a wall in my home?
can you hang this map on 3 boards i wanted the look of a map on wood?
How important is it to use clay-base paste when hanging? I bought "universal wallpaper paste" (GH-57) not clay-based paste as recommended.
I did not receive instructions with my map. Are there ones that can be forwarded? do they recommend brand/type of paste for walls?
Could this map be hung using magnets? I would like to use it in my classroom, but want to be able to take it down if needed.
To the person who used push pins, over time have they held up to the weight of the map, and does the map lay flat, how did you connect the panels?
Has anyone made a "frame" for this map using crown molding? Any tips? Did you assemble the whole frame then nail it in, or nail it in separate pieces?
are the united states labeled?
The one I ordered came with a center panal off color (dif print lot I assume). Did others have this problem? Safe to just re-order?
What is the length of the actual refill? I don't trust that the dimensions listed don't include packaging. Over six inches does not a 'mini' pen make to me.
How many refills are included? I ask because the listing says "2 per card".
Will these fit Swarovski crystalline pens?
Does this work with the Wacom Bamboo Stylus Pen Duo?
If you have tried this refill with a livescribe pen, does it fit/mod? (livescribe refills are about 2.25 inches long x ~2.5mm wide)
Does this include an auto reset mechanism to eliminate the need to remove and reinsert cartridges?
anyone tried printing photos on an rx595 with this product? if so how'd it do?
anyone ever tried this in an epson rx595? if so, how'd you like it?
Does this system come with the empty replacement cartridges or do I need to order a set in addition to this system.
Does the refill system work with EPSON Stylus Photo RX580?
I have the Epson RX580. How do eliminate the "Ink Cartrdige Cover is open" message? Thank you!
Does this have an auto ink reset chip/button?
can i used for epson L800 for sublimation
Has anyone used this system successfully on an r380?
What is the best product to use to clean the dry erase marks on the laminate without damaging the surface? I'm using a dry paper towel right now and it's leaving a blurred colored smudge. Will rubbing alcohol ruin or degrade the laminate? Thanks in...
Has anyone purchased this product since 2011? If so how has the packaging been? I have notice several reviews that weren't exactly pleased.
Odd question, I know. Is the back of this calendar white? Can you see the lines through the back or are they barely visible?
Is there a border around the edges to mhelp it stay straight? Does it come flat shipped or is it in a roller box?
What's the best way to hang this on the wall?
What is the best way t o erase dry erase markers? Has anyone tried the wet erase markers on this?
Hi. Is this item 37 inches wide or tall? Thank you.
Will this come rolled or folded?
Do they sharpen big pencils?
is it batteries or plug in?
does it support 220V?
does it sharpen pencils fast?
size
How do I get the Royal p60 pencil sharpener to operate?
Can anyone tell me if there are wood braces or some kind of brackets on the back side so you can screw the cabinet to a wall? thanks...
If you install cabinets side by side...1) Do they sit completely flush against each other? 2) Do the doors still open with their full range of motion?
Do I need a drill to put this together?
what is the cabinet made of
Can these units be stacked?
can they be wall mounted
Hi, I would like to Install this in my Kitchen/laundry not very much space. Can I use to put a sink over it.
I may need 3-4 of these on a wall. Can I replace the individual countertops with a new single piece of new countertop that is formica/silestone?
can they be painted
are the sides also melamine or just the doors?
Are both ot the sides white "wood" or cardboard? In the photo the side looks black.
I Need extra space to store sweatsuits, underwear, etc in my bedroom. Is the finish nice enough for a corner of my modestly furnished bedroom.
Can you mount these cabinets to wall. I want to elevate it above the ground.
Trying to find out the height from the floor of the bottom shelf to the underside of fixed shelf and same with the top of fixed shelf to inside top..
are the shelves 32" wide? if not, what is the inside dimension? thanks
what are the dimensions
Does the shelving go all the way across?
assebly directions
Can extra shelves be ordered?
How much weight does one shelf hold?
Can you hang these cabinets freely on a wall? Without base cabinets. Just want it above washer and dryer.
Is this cabinet steady and sturdy enough to just set on a large shelf (48" wide X 24" deep) without mounting it to the wall? Thanks!
can you paint these cabinets?
Is it fully open inside or is there a wall where the two doors meet? I want one open cabinet, not two separate spaces.
Is the unit all white ? The sides look gray in the photos.
Does this cabinet have a back wall? I want to hang them in my un sheet rocked garage so there is no wall behind them
Will two of these cabinets side by side fit into a 65" space? The intended space is between 2 walls. Thank you.
How do you install the cabinet on the wall? Is there a metal hanging rail you screw into the wood stud on your wall? And then you hang the cabinet?
can this product be used in a bathroom as linen closet
Has anyone mounting this cabinet to a hollow concrete block wall and if so what type of anchors did you use?
Does this unit come with a back?
There is a wide gap between the doors that swing opposite from each other. Is this standard? It looks like a defect to me as you can see the contents
Are the particle board pieces that screw into the studs uncovered on the back side by melamine so I can glue plywood to them for a back?
I lost one handle. Can I order seperate?
are these cabinets hold heavy glasses?
how deep is the actual shelf itself? If my notebooks are 11.25" deep will I still be able to shut the doors?
Do you have to reset a chip in these cartridges or is it chipless?
Does is work for Epson XP-101?
i have a question: does it work for epson nx420?
is there a maximum number of handsets that can be paired with the base?
Is the stand a charger or just a cradle
Does it have a mute button on the main base/phone?
Does it come with a belt clip?
When I hang up the phone on the cradle I have to press the off switch or it will not disconnect the call. Is this right or a bad phone?
is this compatible with Panasonic KX-TG9472B
Will this work with the KX-TD7896 base unit?
I lost one of my cordless phones for my panasonic How do I know what cordless unit to buy. Do they automatically sinc up?
We are having trouble with connection through a cinder block wall about 50 feet from the base. Just started after 9 months of use. Any suggestions?
is this a 2 line handset?
Will standard manila size folders (Amazon item B00006IF1B) containing documents fit easily into these?
Will there be 10 separate folders for each order?
What are the dimensions of this product with the top closed up?
The Smead product #73234 description indicates a 5.25 inch gusset . The product dimensions description indicates a 3.4 dimension. Which is accurate?
Does "redrope" indicate ties or color? I don't see any ties in the photograph.
Does it have a call volume switch?
Just got the phone . I can receive calls but can't get a call out just keep getting dial tone. Any suggestions??!!
Can the coiled cord be replaced or is it fixed in there?
Can it be set to pulse?
Is it touchtone or a rotary dial? I couldn't tell by the picture
How long is the cord? Can it be replaced with a longer one?
does the phone have to be plugged in to an electrical outlet or just a phone jack
it doesnt appear to have ringer off switch which is nice for sleeping if phone is in bedroom
What size diameter is the material, will this ring fit through a 1/8" hole?
are any of the sellers selling quality 1" rings as advertised or is everyone pulling a fast one? if you got good ones please post who sold them.
Do you have these 25mm split key rings in a gold color?
does the ring close easily
does the ring close easily
is the quality good enough for elegant wedding invitations?
Where does it ship from? &amp; How long it will take to ship to NYC?
is the sealable flap along the 9 inch side of the envelop?
Do these require extra postage or is a Forever stamp fine?
Will these Booklet Envelopes handle the heat from a laser printer?
Will these work with a folder/inserter machine?
are these the correct envelopes to use for a single 8-1/2" x 11" sheet folded in half?
Dear Amazon Vendor, Can you please give me more details about the 6 x 9 Booklet Envelope (Box of 1000) that you sell? What is the brand name on the envelopes? Also is it packed 1000 in a jumbo box or 10 little boxes of 100? (I would prefer 10 boxes of...
will this fit a 6x9 photo without damaging it?
Do all phones have a ringer off connection?
GOT OUR SET BUT EACH SET ONLY HAD 2 HANDSETS WHY ?
How do you set the date and time ?
How do you synchronize phone numbers on the base station and the handsets?
Do these phones have the intercom feature?
Do the handsets have headjacks and does this phone have "speed dialing"?
Are the speakerphones on both the base and handsets full duplex? (i.e. when using speakerphone, both parties audio flows through simultaneously)
does the answering machine beep when there is a new message or just have a flashing light I need the answering to beep when a new message needs to be
Does this phone have remote room monitering
Does this phone have a ringer off all phones?
Does it have an option to not record messages
Does this machine have a beep that alerts you when a message is waiting?
Does this item have a backup battery to protect settings in a power failure?
Can I screen calls with this machine. (Hear messages as they're being left.)
Does this machine have an answer only feature?
What are the dimensions of the machine?
does this unit have 2 outgoing messages or only one?
DOES THE BASKET PULL OUT FROM THE FRONT TO EMPTY?
Do you need to lubricate this shredder and if so with what?
In the Amazon picture, the cuttings look straight and not cross cut. Are your cuttings angled or straight?
Can you put a bag directly in the basket to make the shredder easier to empty?
What are the dimensions
does basket slide out
does it shred unopened credit card offers
Can you remove the Grey horizontal bar (the part where you shred credit cards) so that it is a straight direction to add paper instead of at angle???
is it jam proof
What is the decibel level?
can it be an Extension Phone? I got 3 lines in the house, same number but want to put this in our living room. Can it? Thanks
Where are the ringer and headset volume switches located?
can it be an Extension Phone? I got 3 lines in the house, same number but want to put this in our living room. Can it? Thanks
Has anyone tried taking it apart? I'd like to attempt to replace some of the plastic bits with wood if possible.
WHAT IS THE SHIPPING WEIGHT?
Is this your last one? Can you ship it by tomorrow
What are the dimensions?
Does it have a hold button?
Can be linked to answering machine?
Will this work in the uk?
Has anyone used these with the Scotch&#153; Thermal Laminator - TL-901? Did they work? Thanks.
Did anyone recceive the "Oregon Laminations" genuine product??? This page appears to be a false advert. If you read the "Product Description, it says: Important: Be sure the "In Stock" note below says: "Ships from and sold by...
The title says 5ml, yet the description states it is 3ml several times. Which is it?
Do they work with the "Your Story" laminator?
Has anyone tried using these with the Creative Memories laminator?
are the pouches slippery?
Do the pouches have a vertical or horizontal fold?
Can you get a breakdown after it counted, so you know how many nickles, dimes etc. you had contributed to the total? Or does it just give the total?
Hi I&acute;m in chile, this machine will work with our coins? thank
Can we use paper coin wrappers or do they have to be the preformed coin wrappers?
How does this machine put coins in the wrapper?
What Kind Of Batteries Does It Take &amp; How Many?
Does this unit come with coin tubes? Where do you buy them?
I have numerous quarters . how many can it wrap at a time? Will it wrap or do I have to do anything? Thank you
Does this item run on batteries or electric ? thx
Does it work with Ecuatorian dollar quarter coins? are almost the same of US coins
What are the correct dimensions of this clipboard? It is listed as 15.5x16x10 which cannot be correct.
can you hang these up on a nail or screw
Can you tell me if the clip is removeable so that the clipboards can be customized then the clip then reattached?
How thick are these clipboards?
Is there a hole at the back for hanging?
Approximately how many papers can be stacked and still fit nicely under the clip?
How many pages does it hold?
How many colors are included in this purchase? Is it the 6 colors pictured?
Do they have the 3-pronged inserts w/ holes or do they just have two pockets.
How many of each color come in a case of 100?
Are the Bazic 2 pocket folders the strong cardboardish paper? Do they have a shiny surface? Thanks so very much.
what are they made out of, plastic or paper?
Does this have a business card insert?
How to eliminate color cartridge and use only black cartridge
I Have the mp240 printer. what I need is the software installation disk. Where can I order it? Windows version
what ink does this printer take?
Would there be an option of a second file rail for the top?
Is the file rail that is shown in the middle of the bottom tier movable to accommodate other size folders?
I am using strictly Legal sized folders. Is the 14d listed above in the sizing stating that the smallest black area of the cart 14 inches across?
i purchased this filing cabinet. isn't stable and falls apart. Could you send me directions for putting together or suggestion for making it stable
Are the 'hanging' files or folders included or sold separately?
can this be assmbled to be shorter than 30 inches?
can this cart accomodate 12 x 12 paper in any configuration?
Since there is no support for the top tier, do you find that items fall out of the file folders?
Could you assemble this cart with the shelf on top?
how easy is it to access the bottom files?
what is the chair's capacity weight?
Does it come assembled?
For someone who is 5 9 does this chair reach the back of my head at about ear level?
Can anyone around 6'6" tell me how comfortable the back and seat are? Also how long does the seat foam last for?
how far does it tilt?
Can it tilt and does the tilt function can be disabled/enabled?
dementions
what is the weight limit for chair?
Does this chair tilt or recline back at all?
Is this easy to assemble?? Is this required tools to fix ?
How wide is the base with the casters?
What are the actual dimensions of the seat? The description says 25x25--this seems quite large.
what is the weight capacity?
Do the wheels lock for sitting at a sewing machine?
I'd like to know is the seat is comfortable as in being nicely padded? I have a bad lower back and sitting on a chair that is too hard hurts me Thanks
how low will the chair go down and how high will it go to
How high does the go?
can arms be put on this chair
Is the distance between the arms 21" or is the 21" measurement from the outside of the arms?
With the arms installed, what is the overall width of this chair? Thanks.
What is the height from the floor to the bottom of the chair.
At the lowest height adjustment, what is the measurement from the floor to the top of the arms? Thanks!
What is the height of the chair back? - from seat to top of back? - does it have a comfortable head rest? i guess that is 3 qurestions.
How high up from the floor can it go? My desk top is quite high
my chair came without assembly instructions. Does anyone know where to find instructions?
What is the minimum height of this chair? I have a low desk.
Are the arms removable?
what is the weight limit
Can you add arms to this chair? Which arms will fit?
How high can you raise the seat pad from the floor? I need to be able to adjust it to be high enough for me.
How much weight does the chair support?
Can the recline feature be locked so that the chair back remains stable when you lean against it?
Does the entire chair recline or does the back have a little give when the seat is locked in place?
How do the wheels go on? When we put them in the holes, they just fall out.
is back of seat adjustable?
What is max seat height
does the seat tilt forward and back
Can't get the chair to angle forward? Is there a way to adjust this? It sits in a reclining position and puts to much pressure on the back on my legs?
Can it be locked while reclining?
Do the casters in this chair work well on hardwood or tiled floors?
What is the weight rating of this chair?
What is the inside measurement between the arms?
The left armrest cracked. Where can I get a repalcement armrest. The chair is only a few months old and it is suppose to have a 5 year warranty.
Do the arm rests swivel inwards?
What is the seat height range?
What is the depth of the seat? I am 5'1" and want to make sure I buy a chair that will "fit" me. Thanks!
Can this be assembled without armrests?
From the underside of what you mount it to, to the surface of the tray, how many inches of clearance are there?
I need to know what the depth is for mounting keyboard. I only have about 9 1/2 inches
How far foward beyond the edge of the desk does the tray extend? I'm thinking of getting it for my son to use with a 37 key music keyboard.
Does the tray lock in place when out/in?
What are the dimensions? I need a tray that will fit in a 20.75 inch width area
My table has 2.5 inch lip on outer edge (about 3/4 in wide0). Could I mount this behind the lip on the lower setting so it would clear the lip?
what is the height of the screws it comes with? My desk is not as thick as the average desk, its about 1/2 an inch thick.
Will this fit a Hons 38000 48" x 30" pedestal desk? I have around 31" of usable space underneath, it seems like may be tight?
Hi, Product Dimensions are listed as: 13.4 x 11 x 6.5 inches Where is the 30'' measurment coming from?
Can this keyboard be installed underneath a granite counter top?
How much weight can the stand hold?
What is the height? Title says 8.5 -- dimensions say 18x16x15
Do the casters lock?
What color is this printer stand? It looks white, but the description says "platinum"...
how many file folders does this cart hold?
What are the dimensions after it has been assembled? Thank you.
Is it possible to reverse the shelves? I'd like to have the shelf on top I think.
it says the bottom shelf height can be adjusted - could the overall height be adjusted (to make it 2-3 inches shorter overall)?
Does the metal piece that holds the folders in come with the folders
What is the cart made of?
can you put the file side by side instead of all one row? I had one with a divider bar?
Does it fit 12x12 Card Stock paper?
does anyone know if this will accommodate 12 x 12 paper? I don't really care if it sticks up at the top, but will it fit 12 inches on the sides?
How kMP
Would you say this is portable? I need something I can put in a small rolling case.
How "squishy" is this? For example, if you stood on it, or if you had something heavy in your lap, would it flatten out?
what is the height?
Can you turn it upside down so you can rock your feet back and forth?
what does it weight
Does the fabric catch a lot of lint and dusts? I have a cat and I am wondering if this will be covered with pet hair and dust after a few days.
Does this product help with sciatic pain?
How wide is it?
Everyone mentions taking their shoes off. Can you use it with your shoes on, and will the cover hold up well?
Does the foam trap heat and make your feet hot after a while?
does the top surface swivel?
what are the dimensions of each flat surface individually?
what material is the top made of? the one we have now has warped from the heat, even with the use of the cooling pad.
what is the coaster clearance for under the couch?
The product dimensions: 16 x 19 x 13.5 is that height, length, width??
How high is the stand from the floor? And is it sturdy or flimsy? Why does it sometimes come damaged? Carol
Do the wheels thread into the legs? If so, what is the thread size?Just wondering if larger wheels could be used.
What about it being able to hold a compact refrigerator?
what is the height between the bottom and top shelf?
Is the bottom shelf adjustable for height off the floor?
Is this made in China?
What are the dimensions of the lower shelf vs the top shelf?
Some conflicting information here - is this stand height adjustable? Or only adjustable by leaving the casters off?
Are the casters required? I.e. I really do not need the casters and wonder if they are a permanent attachment?
What are your stem dimensions? The stems on the ones I got were 5/16 x 7/8 and do not fit. 7/16 does not match the product.
What is the dimensions for the stem? Is it 7/16" x 7/8"?
what is the difference between the K Stem &amp; B Stem
Is the base (part that contacts the floor) rubbery or plastic?
how do these work on tile or stone?
How many inches is the black (rubber) part? ...excluding the metal stem.
does this work for ikea markus chairs?
How comfortable is the seat itself?
How wide is the caster base?
How wide is the seat? I have a desk with 20 inch opening.
What is range of the seat height?
Is the seat leather (or fake leather) or is it fabric? The description says "polyester upholstery" but some of the reviews mentioned leather.
I have a HP 4500N and this printer weights 112 pounds. My question is do any of you who own this stand think it can support this weight?
Dimensions
What is the height of the lower shelf (How much clearance is there)?
Can this stand withstand a 30 lb printer? my canon image class MT4770n all-in-one weighs about 30 lbs.
I want a 21X21 short base for a compact fridge that is used for medicine. Any ideas
Is it gray or white? The description says gray but the image is white. My desk is white so I'd like white to match. Thanks!
Size of bottom shelf?
Descrption says it's "...Adjustable Height." How so? not seeing any lever or extra holes.
How is this desk adjusted: is there a pneumatic lever, is it manual? Can it be easily adjusted by a woman or does it require tools? Thank you
Any way to make this thing 12" taller? Is there a Safco accessory? Clearly this isn't a standing desk if you are over 5' tall.
What is the range in height for the computer table/top shelf? Lowest height and maximum height? Thanks.
I just purchased a Lexmark 310d laser printer that is 35 pds approx 18x14x17. Would the bottom self work?
what is the range in height for the keyboard shelf?
Will the bottom shelf hold an 18 inch tall computer (cpu)?
what is the end of warranty date
Is this printhead an OEM by HP or is it a copy that's compatible?
After I replaced the black yellow, the cyran magellan said there was a problem. whoy
Is there a separate print head for each color?
Will this item work with the Hp Officejet 6600 All-In-One?
Would you please tell me what the expiry date is on this product?
what is the expiration date on this HP 940XL cyan cartridge?
dpmiller. What is the expiration on this cartridge you are selling hp940xl cyan retail boc
What is the expiration date on this cartridge?
shallowell. What is the expiration date on this cartridge HP 940XL Cyan retail box
Anybody know how to refill one of these cartridges?
This says it is the XL cartridge but in the comments from buyers they say it's the small cartridge(Non XL) which is it, and expiration date?
is this the same as 92 but longer lasting?
Can someone confirm these are NEW HP OEM cartridges and not refills?
Is this an original direct from HP?
hp 920XL cyan ink cartridge: Anyone else encounter this?
Anybody know how to refill one of these cartridges?
This says it is the XL cartridge but in the comments from buyers they say it's the small cartridge(Non XL) which is it, and expiration date?
is this the same as 92 but longer lasting?
Can someone confirm these are NEW HP OEM cartridges and not refills?
Is this an original direct from HP?
hp 920XL cyan ink cartridge: Anyone else encounter this?
Anybody know how to refill one of these cartridges?
This says it is the XL cartridge but in the comments from buyers they say it's the small cartridge(Non XL) which is it, and expiration date?
is this the same as 92 but longer lasting?
Can someone confirm these are NEW HP OEM cartridges and not refills?
Is this an original direct from HP?
hp 920XL cyan ink cartridge: Anyone else encounter this?
How deep is the top tray? How deep is the unit with both trays? How deep is the bottom tray? Thanks!
What are the dimensions of this item?
As I am thinking of separating them each layer what are the dimensions of each organizer? Thank you
With regard to the upper tray it is 7.5" L x 10.75" W, but how deep is it?
Can you use a blue ink refill with this pen?
Which space pens have a retractible point? Does this one?
Can a Fisher fine point refill be used in this pen?
The retractor click does not work anymore and I can't use the pen. Can you provide me with the warranty contact information?
Does this pen have a clip?
Could anyone tell me what the exact weight of the actual pen is?
Is this pen waterproof? Would it work with a waterproof journal?
Will this pen write when wet?
can you use it in the shower?
Does anyone know the difference between the SM4B and M4B
What Ink Cartridge does this pen take? Does it use the #SU type catridges? It MUST use these specifically.
refills
How long will it last? Does this have a fine point? What type of refill does it take(SPR4F or 64003)?
Could anyone tell me the weight of this pen?
Is there a Fisher Space Pen that has a twist mechanism to retract the the cartridge?
Can I use this to fasten a small solar panel against an outdoor metal shed?
Can you cut it or trim it? Or is it too thick? Thank you
Will it stick on normal brick and how much weight can it carry?
How do you get this to work. When I put two together they don't even stay attached to each other! I must be missing something on how how to use it.
Is the glue strong enough to be used on a boat? I want to put a marine cushion onto an plastic ice box but I'm afraid the glue won't stick.
Will it work with a instant screen door? The mesh screen only has 2 magnets, so I need to add something to keep it closed.
Will it stick in high temperature inside auto?
Is this industrial Velcrostrong enough to hold a Sony Action Cam to the top of my ski helmet?
Once attached, do they detach easily? I would need to detach the connected objects on a pretty common basis. TIA
Does this velcro come with both sides, so that I can, say, attach a remote control to a tv?
how can I scan a multi page document and have it all in one document. I keep getting 1 page per scan. e.?g. 4 page doc scans as 4 separate docs
When you scan a double sided thin paper document, will the software take care of the bleed threw or will it leave shadows from the other side?
Is there an included software solution to allow one to "scan to print?, scan to PDF? Scan to email? And scan to folder? With option to change the name
Is there an included software solution to allow one to "scan to print?, scan to PDF? Scan to email? And scan to folder?" With option to change the name of the file like the Fujitsu scansnap for Mac does?
can it feed canceled checks?
Can you scan a PDF and receive a TIF document
will it store documents?
Does this scanner do well scanning store receipts?
software?
What is the scan resolution? Does it do any color correction in the Epson or in software?
I am interested in this product. I want to know what languages the OCR software (ie., OmniPage Pro) can recognise and convert it to PDF files
How does it allow the user to name the document scanned?
How well does it handle photo scans? I want it primarily for documents but good photo scanning would push me over the edge for purchase.
Can it also be used as a regular printer?
Is this printer head a genuine HP OEM?
is this a genuine HP printhead replacement product
Are they hard to install?
what is the end of warranty date?
Can you please let me know the expiration date of the 940 (C4901a) printhead for $56.99?
What does alignment failed?
Can the top be tilted to different angles.
Can I lean on it?
Can this be used as a computer stand?
Do you think this stand is sturdy enough/large enough to hold a large dictionary (OED)?
I travel a lot as a facilitator/trainer. How much does this weigh? Is it collapsable for transport?
I'm a teacher, can I write on it safely? I'll be grading many papers, will it hold up to actually writing on it? Thanks.
Could you please advise about shipping volume size and weight for this product?
Is there an attachment for holding a bottle of water?
What is the actual size of the top part which your material rests on? The description says 18 &amp; 1/4 x 20" which seems huge.
Can the bottom 4 legs come off to replace with wheels?
Seat height?
Cat owners: If a cat jumps on this what happens? Paws through the seat, get stuck, howl for rescue?
How wide is the actual seating area?
How high is the seat at the highest point?
Does this chair come assembled? are the bands flat or round?
Hi , will this chair accomodate someone 5" '11", or it could be too small. Thank you.
May I purchase a replacement bungee piece (one plastic part that holds the bungee broke, thus, I lost the whole strip - and I'm smallish!)
When it says that the armrests are "PP," is that referring to Polypropylene?
What are the measurements of the glass top and base?
Where are these tables manufactured?
What are the heights this product can be adjusted to? Min height to max height?
if you fax or copy a document a document these have been used on is the highlighted text readable?
Are they ALL really fluorescent or just the yellow like Bic and all the others that say it but aren't?
Are these just like the Sharpie Accent liquid highlighters?
Are these highlighters inkjet safe or will they smear the ink?
Do these plead at all?
Does anybody have the driver for Epson Perfection V30? The one on epson's website installs malware and has been hacked..
why i can not use it on my Mac computer , i got the software disk about the scanner , but i can't install it , please help me .
can you scan multiple pages to one pdf file?
This item has not yet been released. Huh? Or is it?
does this scan negatives
I have many photo albums I would like to scan. Has anyone used this scanner to scan thousands of 4x6 photos? I have all of my albums by years.
B 652 Battery for uniden phone
Can i just buy a phone for lost one
Why does the red light on the handset blink constantly?
One of my handset won't work ... it doesn't show a display at all and I just hear a ticking sound any idea that the problem is?
What size battery does the handset use and is that included with the phone?
Is the headset jack 2.5mm or 3.5mm on the handset? Does it have a belt clip?
Does the answering machine give an audible sound when you have a message or does it just have a flashing light? I need one that sounds off!
Does this phone have talking Caller ID?
Does this phone have headset capability?
does this phone have a headset jack?
I lost my instruction booklet. Where can i get a new one, I need to change my message on the answering machine
Will this phone work in India where they are on 220V and 50mhz?.
Walkie Talkie function. Do these handsets work in walkie talkie mode?
Choice mail and voice mail: If I use my phone company's voice mail will the choice mail feature do anything for me or does it only work with its own answering system?
Is the Speaker function fairly loud? I am purchasing for an elderly parent who is very hard of hearing who uses that feature for the best interaction
How many call can you block?
Does anyone know what the output voltage is? This is usually listed on the part that plugs into the wall outlet. Thanks
can this record conversations?
Does this phone have speed dial?
I read that there is a flashing light showing that there is a message left on the machine, but does it also have a beeper alert?
How do you delete old numbers out of the phonebook?
Does this phone have a volume control?
can you mute the phone when in speaker mode? thanks
does this phone flash if you got a call while out but they left no message? Does the corded phone work on batteries, not plug into the wall
My Panasonic system is KX-TG1061 *without the M*. Will the "M" phones work on my system?
Does handset work with all Panasonic KX-TGA 106 phones
How do I download my address book from the the base?
can anyone tell me how to program the speed dial on the KX-TGA 106 M? Thank you. I've lost the manual.
does this headset come with belt clip?
Does this phone work with TG1062N base?
This is compatible with KX-TG6511B ?
My phone came with 2 handsets, can I add 2 more handset with the existing unit?
The handset that gets the most use is acting up. Its blocking calls from cell phns. Might this be a battery problem, or must I replace this handset?
Model KX-TGA106 compatiable with KX-TGA106M and does it include the base?
i have base model kx-tg7432. is this phone will be the right one for my base unit?
Does this extra handset come with the charger
Will this phone work with my model KX-TGA740C?
Does this phone come with a belt clip? I can't seem to find the belt clip as a seperate item.
I'm having a problem registering the handset to the base - it says "all handsets registered." Or "error!!" - any ideas?
what extra hand set is compatible with kx-gt6641 speaker phone
Does anyone know how to name each handset to ease selection when using the intercom feature?
Can I hook up two lines to this phone?
does this handset includes batteries? is the charger 220v?
Does this unit have a voice mail feature?
My original set has speaking caller ID and speed dial. Does this handset come with those options?
will kxtga750 work base kxtga7432
can this unit communicate with the base unit as an intercom?
Low radiation DECT phone? I understand the KX-TG1062M has a low power Energy Star rating, but does that translate to a low radiation DECT phone?
sound quality
How can you easily get rid of the "Missed call" LCD message? (Without going thru the lengthy 9+ step method)
Cable phone system? Anyone use these phones on a cable phone system?
Can I set it to record messages silently? e.g. Not announce the greeting and message outloud while it is recording?
mountable base?
HOW MANY STORED NUMBERS?
Does this phone have a mute button on base or handsets? Can anyone fill me in on this?
Does it support 240V outlet power: Will it support 110-240v AC power or 110v only?
European AC adaptor: Is there some easy (cheap) way to buy anywhere the correct adaptors with input of 230V?
Does it work when the power goes out?
Does the base phone have a jack for a headset?
Does it have intercom capability?
Does it have a blinking light to indicate a voicemail?
What is the length of the actual phone?
Does this phone offer a "good" speaker phone, or a way to add or plug in at least two headsets?
What Batteries are best for this phone?
I have misplaced one phone. I cannot find a phone locater on the base. How do I find the lost phone?
This phone can block up to 30 numbers. Can this be upgraded (firmware or hardware) to increase the number of blocked callers?
I need for DCP-8065DN? I get replace Fuser error but strange thing is it seems there is no fuser for DCP-8065DN
I need 1 for an MFC-8670DN. This model is not listed. Do you have any for that model?
will this work for a bothers 8860dn and dose it come with everything you need to swap the part out?
Will this work for a MFC-8460N ?
Is this compatible with the 8460N?
can this fuser unit work in the 8680-dn
are these the same size as avery 5 1/2 x 8 1/2?
Are these really cut/perforated into two per sheet, or do they need to be cut apart? Some reviews say one thing, and some the other.
200 half sheet, means 200 page? print 400 labels?
Do these stick well to the USPS padded envelopes? Thanks.
The real fedex labels you get from Fedex stick great. The offbrand labels I've bought don't stick. Do these stick good on poly bags?
It seems pretty obvious, but I need to ask anyway, does each sheet contain ONE or TWO labels?
Ebay labels print a whole page so one label is ruined. How can I overcome this?
Has anyone else received very poor quality labels from 975 Supply? Their quality was not the same for me.
Do these stick well on poly mailer envelopes?
Are these made by a company called Ace? If so , they are the worst labels and constantly jam printers
What size hole would you need in your hang tag if you were to use this product?
Does the needle always stick out or only when the trigger is pulled?
Needing this tool to attach 2 pair of toddlers' socks is it possible?
Can you confirm it comes with a 4 pack of replacement Needles? It states it in the listing but then in product description it doesn't mention them.
the picture shows 4 different lengths in barbs....but the description only states it comes with 2in. What length does this package come with?
What color tags does this come with?
where can I purchase replacement barbs (2" or 3" - clear) for this Avery Dennison gun?
Does anyone know what size needles this gun comes with?
Does this come with numbered tags?
Is one of the extra needles a fine one?
What is the page size? (Length and Width)
Please add photo of the inside pages.
How many pages do these books have? Are the pages blank or "fill in the blank"?
Are there 12 books in each pack?
what size staples does it use?
How does the stapler work in the 25-45 page range?
Can this staple open up to staple papers on the walls?
why won't the bloody thing staple anything? I got all of one staple out before every subsequent one jammed and bent in the cartridge. I bought the recommended 70s in the metal box.
Can I use standard .25" staples in this stapler?
Does the stapler open up for tacking papers to a wall?
(1) Does it take both regular and large capacity staples? (2) Does it hinge all the way open to staple top-down onto a booklet?
How do you put in the staples
Can you use the "40" page Optima staples in this stapler as well as the "70" page staples ?
Does it come with staples?
Does is fold flat so I can put it in my laptop case with my laptop when I travel?
Does the guide bar also magnify the print?
Can you use it in the landscape orientation position?
Can you remove the guide bar if it's not being used?
The title of the product says the dimensions are 10X2X14 inches, but the product description says 11X9 inches?
what is the item on the right hand side? I don't yet see a purpose for it
What is the clip on the right for? The one that "looks like" it might hold a pen or something. I just opened mine and I don't know what it's for.
Can you put a letter size legal pad on it to copy from? Someone said the clip will hold only 2 pages, someone said 5. Is that all it will hold?
Can the angle of board be adjusted?
Can the angle of board be adjusted?
may they rust?
how thick is the metal?
how to use them? i am new to Knitting :)
Are they rustproof?
What is the max and min. lenth of these?
What are the dimensions of this item
How many frames are in each box?
What is the assembled height?
what is the max width of this?
What are the min and max lengths for this?
What is the exact length of the bars that run from the front to back?
what is the length of the file? I have a drawer that is 16 1/4 inches deep. the original length before breaking things off.
"Out of Paper" with paper in the tray: Has anyone else experienced this problem?
I ordered (and just received) generic 940XL ink cartridges but they look completely different from what is in the printer, are they even compatible?
What ink cartridges does it take?
Has anybody used the HP 8500 with a Mac? Does the HP 8500 work with the Mac.
Does HP's $50 printer Trade-in offer apply to the OffieJet Pro 8500 purchased at Amazon? Can anyone help?
Printer only prints in magenta. When using copy mode it will print in black. Why am I missing colors.
WHERE DO YOU INSTALL INK CARTRIAGES
is this HP Officejet Pro 8500 Wireless All-in-One Printer a "stand alone" printer?
how do I get the ink cartridges to slide so i can change them
Why this printer is more expensive than the 8600 model? If the 8600 is better and newer?
Do you load the cards from the outside edge or inside by the stitching?
Do the sleeves hold credit cards as well, or just business cards?
where can I get note book refill?
I can't seem to find refil sleeves, any luck yet?
Where can you order refills?
New unit correct staples ordered. Tried it for the first time. No staples coming through rechecked everything still did not work
does this stapler take "Swingline S.F. 4 Premium Chisel Point Staples, 0.25 Inch Leg Length, 1 Box, 5,000 Staples per Box, Silver (S7035450) "
I staple all day 2 sheets of paper per staple. Will this stapler handle it?
How far from the edge of the paper can this staple? I use a deep throat manual stapler and need items stapled 2 inches from the paper edge.
return policy
does it use regular staples?
Will this board stick to a magnetic surface?
Can I use an expo marker on this
Is the board itself magnetic? I want to use it with magnetic letters for my children.
How thick is this board? thanks
Do magnets come with it to put on the back? I want to put it on my refrigerator.
Can you mount this to a wall?
Does it have a wall mount brakcet to hang it on a nail?
Will the magnetics attach the board to a refrigerator?
Are the magnets already attached or do I need to attach them myself?
Does the pen clip come off? I'd like to use this for a photo booth, but only if the side pen holder can be fully removed.
Can you use this for learning to write triangular/chubby pencils??
My daughter has gone through several pencil sharpeners because of plastic gearing mechanisms. Are the gears plastic or metal?
Can I use this pencil sharpener for colored pencils?
How is the Teacher Pro different from the School Pro? They look like they are basically the same. I don't see the benefit of one over the other.
does this plug in or battery operated?
Mine just arrived &amp; is missing the rubber footing on one circle. This is a real problem &amp; it's out of the box! How do I get this fixed?
Hello. Can you please help me find out how many W the pencil sharpener use, so I can use it in Denmark?
does it sharpen to a sharp point or a rounded point like the school pro sharpener?
Voltage: The specs do not menion whether this can take 110V to 240V or 110V only?
What is the largest diameter pencil this unit will sharpen? Will it sharpen a 1/2" diameter pencil?
How tall is it altogether, with the whiteboard installed on the wheeled base?
I need to know if at least one side is magnetic and is dry erase? The answers were mixed.
Is the surface magnetic on both sides?
Does this dry erase board have a marker/eraser tray? From the picture, I can't tell. Thanks.
Do you like the pen/eraser tray? It looks like there's no ledge and everything will roll on to the floor.
is this a porcelain whiteboard?
Are the dimensions of this white board 4x6ft? In the product description it says "Product Dimensions 72 x 24 x 48 inches"
When I flip the board it loosens up. Can you tighten the screws?
is this a dry erase board
Are the dimensions listed the overall dimensions of the markerboard and the stand? If so, what is the actual size of the markerboard itself?
Are there "rails" in the box like Rolodex? I want a box with no rails where the dividers &amp; cards just sit on the bottom.
wherer can I purchase the cards to fit specifically in this case. The cards need to have holes on each side to fit on the rails.
Where can I get more of the A-Z guides?
does it come with the cards?
Is the cover removable?
where can I purchase the cards to fit specifically in this case?
I'm making a guest board (book) for my wedding, want to connect a wooden monogram cutout to a lg board, anyone tried this?
Is this good to mount photos on foam board?
Will this work on polyester? I'm thinking of spraying this on a "second skin" bodysuit to add cotton balls/paper mache to it to look like a cloud.
Will this work on thin snakeskin to glue back onto a shoe? Will there be any bleeding through or discoloration?
Once it dries, does it still have a strong smell? I want to use it for a kid's room project, but worried that vapors/odor will linger in the kid's room.
Can this be used on laminated photos that I'm putting on a foam board?
Does the nozzle get clogged? Do you need to use it all at once?
is this waterproof?
Is it good to glue Legos?
Is this spray adhesive ok for mounting photos to a foam core board?
Can this product be used to keep Credit Cards instead of Business Cards?
I want the card sleeves to be CLEAR not ...hazy? I am hoping this one is easy to read the cards? Can anyone answer this? thanks alot
Will credits cards stick to the plastic sleeves, or do they have a frosted texture? Thank you.
is this a plastic cover
Can you comment on the quality of the sleeves, do they tear easily with minimal use or are they holding up pretty good?
How many pages are holding
Is this more of a leather type cover? The front part when flipped open does it also have a pocket running the length from top to bottom on the left?
Do the cards go into the pocket from the top or the side?
Is it sleek enough to fit inside a men's suit (inside) pocket?
how many credit cards can it hold?
can you cut shelving to fit size of shelf ?
How far spaced are the tabs that hold on to the wire shelving? I will have to piece some together and some of my shelves are only 20" wide (cubby)
Is there any grip to the liner? (i.e., would plates slip off when the rolling cart was moved?)
I have a few 48"W x 18"D shelves. However, the shelves are actually 17.75" deep. Might an owner pull out a ruler for the exact depth of these sheets?
Do you know if this product is NSF ( National Safety Foundation ) approved for food storage?
how much can each shelf hold?
Is it really clear and easy to see through or is there a distortion when looking through it?
Could you apply adhesive shelf liner paper to these liners?
Total length of each sheet is 48 inch? That is 48 X 4 = 192. Or Total length of all the sheets put together is 48? Please let me know.
if it comes in a 4 pack, how many actual sheets are we talking about? 4 ? there are 5 rows of racks on one shelving unit. so 20 sheets? or 4? please help.
i use "soft lead black pencils(2b/3b. will the leads break?
This is for the company: After 3 yrs, my sharpener now squeals when sharpening a pencil. Still under warranty; what can I do to get it quiet again?
Is there a hole to sharpen large primary pencils?
How long does it last in a classroom?
can i sharp my eyebrow pencils in this?
Is it quiet
does it come with warranty?
Can this sharpener be used to sharpen golf pencils?
Will this work for colored art pencils?
How long does the blade last under normal classroom use, say, sharpening 20 pencils daily? Why doesn't Staples sell replacement blades?
What is the refill for this pen?
Is this constructed of all metal, or just made to look like it is?
can i buy 1.0 refills with this pen? will they fit?
It looks like this pen can only take 0.7mm metal tip (not needle) refills. Is this true?
Will this refill work for this pen ? Pentel Refill Ink for BL57/BL77 EnerGel Liquid Gel Pen, 0.7mm, Metal Tip, Black Ink, Box of 12 (LR7-A-12)
What's the difference between the BL-407BP and the BL-407A? Anybody have any insight?
What size are the business card pockets? I want to use them for credit cards.
Will this work with photo album or trading card pages?
How many additional pages of clear card-sleeves can fit to this book?
Where can I order additional business card pages Identical to the ones that come with it?
How many pages in total will fit in this book? Can I add say, an additional 20 or 25 pages? and if i can, will the book close? do u sell pages
how many pages are included? can this fit 240 cards with what is included or do i need to buy extra pages?
is this real leather
will this work for the standard 3 ring binder plastic sheet protectors letter sized? if so I will buy several.
Do the business cards load from the side or top of each slot?
Can someone please measure the width of the seat itself, between the arm rests, not including the arm rests. I just wish to know how wide the seat is.
I am needing a good soft chair that will adjust up to 30" seat height. This one appears to adjust but how much?
Does this chair last a long time and does it experience some tilting after months have gone by?
How long is the warranty?
Can you rock back and forth in this chair?
Where do you get replacement parts like the seat plate and cylinder?
x
warranty on this chair?
can this chair lock in various recline positions ?
how much weight will it handel????
What is the maximum diameter of the base/casters area? Thanks...
what is the height of the seat at its highest position?
what is the lowest level of the seat after sitting on the seat?
Most task stools seem to fail to design a good food rest. Will the foot rest lock into place and actually stay there for an extended period?
Are there glides you can purchase to replace the casters?
What size are the casters: stem diameter and length--so I can replace with hardwood floor compatible ones?
are the casters compatible with hardwood floors (i.e., they won't scratch them)?
How many different adjustments does this chair have other then height?
are the casters locking? or are locking ones available?
What is the lowest the seat height can be adjusted?
What is the difference between the Pentel PH 158, 158BC, and 158BP ? (besides a slight difference in cost)
Where is it made?
How do you switch between leads to change colors?
How exactly do you change the lead? Do you have to take out one lead and then insert another thru the point,?
Where do I purchase the refill leads?
Has anyone ever tried putting regular 2mm graphite leads in place of the colors? I'm looking to hold a range of graphite in one, color in a second one
I see reports of "marks well, even on thin paper". What about pages that are particularly smooth or satin-like? Thanks Folks!
Hello. I have seen this described as a "drawing crayon". Does this actually have a crayon texture?
What colors do they have.
Can someone post a video using this pencil and changing the lead. I am having a hard time seeing how this works.
Can the cabinet be surface mounted?
Is the mirror beveled? Is the frame metal or plastic? thanks
what is the internal depth of the cabinet? I have a bottle of mouth wash that is 4" at its widest depth. Will it fit?
my depth is 3 1/2 ,but the actual mirror depth is 5in .Does that mean there is a 1 1/2 in reveal or frame extending out 1&amp;1/2in ?
what is the difference between this one and the Broan NuTone 625N244SNPX Not Ready for Release
My wall hole measures 14.25 by 23.75 by 4 will this work for my space?
What version of the HP Officejet 6500 is sold by Amazon: Which one did you get from amazon?
I have lines but no words, on the display panel, so can't read instructions to re-install. Support Desk no help! Suggestions?
How does wireless scanning work? Can this printer scan wirelessly?
Why does my 6500 ask me to 'save' everything I want to print to my computer &amp; then print from the saved file? I just want to hit print &amp; have it print
Does wireless 6500 work with Windows 7?
How is the ink useage with the HP6500? What is the best unit for ink cost?
print head issues
Compatible with Windows Vista? Is the 6500 compatible with windows vista?
HP 6500-is there a way to print in grayscale when color ink is low?
will this printer work with Asus netbook? I wonder will this printer work with my Asus netbook?
Is it easy to find refills?
Do this pen come with a case?
will it improve my handwriting?
Where is the pen made in?
How does this software integrate with QuickBooks Pro 2013?
will it run on windows 7 -64 bit version
Can I set this up in one location (front door), but access &amp; edit from another location? (Office)?
in how many computer can i install the program?
COMPATIBLE WITH MAC?
Does this color laser printer come with any toner cartridges... or at least the black ink one?
Is it wireless?
Will this machine receive in color faxes sent in color?
I notice there's a pretty well reviewed refill kit (+chips) available for this printer. Are the starter toner carts okay to refill?
Does this printer do auto duplex printing out of the box?
Will this laser printer print 11 X 17?
how do I cancel a print job?
Warrantee
how to install this machine?
Does it come with the toner cartridges??
It said the black cartridge is low, so I change the new one. It still shows the K cartridge is out. Reset it several times, but still not working. Any suggestion?
While idle, does this printer make noise to rotate the toner cartridge carousel? Does it sit completely quiet?
is it a duplex printer?
Up to what size paper does the 1650EN print?
hard floor bed with drawers
is it wireless?
How do I get my 1650EN to print without fading on the left side of the paper?
can i use 11 x 17 inche paper ?
Could this handle full-color, high quality print jobs like professional grade DVD covers?
What do you do when the color cartridge won't advance so you can replace other colors?
"Designed to work with a variety of operating systems..." What is this?
Will this printer print on both sides of a paper?
Does this printer include toner?
How do I get tissue paper out of the fuser of my 1600w printer? I guess that's where it's stuck _can't find it anywhere else.
Just bought Magicolor 1690MF and am not happy that the print is not dark enough and I am having problems printing on Vellum. Any suggestions??
Does this printer come with warranty?
Help to order correct new toner?
Does anyone know how much memory can be installed in this printer, and where the printer memory is located? I know it has 16 MB standard, installed.
When removed, does this tape leave residue?
is this tape to attach a chartpak paper to the wall?
Once the tape is on a whiteboard, is it possible to write over the tape? A coach wants to create basketball key on it, and draw in plays, and erase it
Can this tape be used out doors? If so, how does it hold up to the elements?
is this tape to attach a chartpak paper to the wall?
How hard is it to mount on white boards? Worried about getting the lines to be completely straight and I am making a grid with 12 x 35 lines.
How hard is it to mount on white boards? Worried about getting the lines to be completely straight and I am making a grid with 12 x 35 lines.
Is this tape attracted to itself? I need to find something to keep a kitchen drawer closed...
Does this tape peel, smudge or make residue markings when a whiteboard is erased over the tape or the board is cleaned?
What color is the 'glue' side of tape? . I need to make lines on 'back' side of a clear plexiglass playing surface of 'Gameboard' I am building. THANK
How wide is the Keyboard Tray? Is it wide enough for a Keyboard and a mouse?
What is the maximum weight capacity each shelf can hold?
What is the actual shipping weight please?
Does this have a lip on the underside of the top shelf so that a monitor could be mounted to it using an arm that attaches with a C clamp?
Is the distance between the middle and lower shelf fixed at 14 3/4? Or is that simply the maximum? Can the middle shelf be removed completely?
Does this cart have a cord hole between the botom and the middle
How many inches are the shelves spaced from each other ?
what is the maximum weight this cart can carry?
Is the distance between the middle and lower shelf fixed at 14 3/4? Or is that simply the maximum? Can the middle shelf be removed completely?
I'm confused about the adjustability after reading other reviews. What is the shortest height this cart can be adjusted to overall with wheels and keyboard pullout intact?
what is the correct wall mount for this phone?
What is the length of the cord from the phone to the receiver?
Will this phone work just mounted to the wall with screws and running a cord to a telephone jack ?
Did it come with the short connection cord for jack to phone?
does the phone have caller ID?
can this phone have a more lengthy cord that could be used???
Is this phone weatherproof?
What type of cable does the phone come with to connect from the phone to the wall jack? Thanks in advance.
Does this phone have the ability to turn off the ringer?? I don't want the sales calls at night so I usually have the ringer off. Is it possible?
Is this phone compatible with voice mail? I subscribe to voicemail from the phone company. No answering machine.
black ink cartridge does not print correctly. Horizontal stripes make prints unreadable. Have tried "clean print cartridge". Is cartridge defective?
Black &amp; white copies are often unreadable fax and computer print outs are not as bad. I have used "clean print cartridge" function repeatedly
My printer takes the HP 56 cartridge, but when comparing C6656AN, mine doesn't have the "N". Will this work for my HP PSC 2210 All-in-One printer?
how many pages does each ink cartridge yield for printing?
Why does nothing comes out of the black cartridge?
does anyone have any feed back on this ?? is it worth buying?
The HP Solution Center window for F300 does not provide just an OK to skip the false error, what now?
My cartridges are registering as empty...do I need to send them back to amazon for credit?
the printer recognizes these cartridges?
Will this ink work in my Brother printer (MFC-J410W)? I did not see my model number listed?
does it work with mfc-295cn?
are these cartridges stolen? how are you selling them so cheap?
what colers is it
can you tell me if this item is compatable with a brother mfc255cw printer. it takes an lc61 ink cartridge but i do not see this model number.
The seller atates that this ink will work with MFC-5890CN but it doesnt state that on the packaging as shown. So question is will it work?
Will this system work with Windows 7?
Does it print a barcode on the ID badge so that it can be scanned?
Will this work on adhesive labels and if so, what is the item number?
can you print in color?
What's the difference between this vs. MFC-7440? Anything else?
Does it do auto-duplex? If so, how do we do it?
Can it fax?
Can it fax?
What catriage toner to use with the mfc 7340
Does the $140 sale price include a drum and toner?
how do print envelopes
will this printer do manual duplexing? will this printer do manual duplexing?
I recently just bought these for my Canon printer. I use the Canon 30 Black &amp; Canon 31 Color. I received these &amp; my printer won't read. What do I do?
is this ok with the mx300?
I received today put in my printer and it tells me I need to replace!! No ink!! Not sure if I have bad cartidges or what!! I did print a few pages
How can these cartidges work in some printers but not in others? Maybe the older printers accept them rather than the newer printers? I don't want to waste $ nor mess with having to send back.
will theses work for my IP 2600
can I use these in my canon mx300 printer?
Do these fit and work on the Canon MP470? I usually use the CL-40 black and CL-31 color.
How are the rechargeable batteries charged?
Does this come with the AA sleeve?
418 or 433? Is this 433mhz like the specs list or 418 as the red color suggests?
Does this include both the transmitter and the battery?
If I want to run 2 remotes off one transmitter what battery should I order for the second remote?
Is the transitter a common failure part? My set stopped working. I replaced the battery (2x). Still dead
i am just missing the sleeve that the tiny battery goes into (which then goes into AA sleeve). anyone know where I can get one????!!!!
What about coin versions of this transmitter battery? Not all remotes use AA, or AAA batteries.
How do I re-charge the RF battery?
What is the maximum document size?
How good is the quality of scanning of slides, 33mm?
Can I scan a multi-page document and save it all in one pdf file? (As opposed to 1 page to 1 pdf file.)
Compatibility with MAC: Can CanonScan LiDE 700F be used with a MAC laptop?
Does the Canon LiDE 700F scan 35mm slides?
Is the Canon CanoScan 3297B002 LiDE 700F compatible with Mac OSX 5.8? If not, which one is?
WINDOWS 7: Is the Canon LiDE 700F scanner compatible with Windows 7 64bit?
Does it work with a mac
Does it scan multiple photos at one time giving each one a separate file number?
Does it scan 120 film, or only 35mm?
Canon MX860 vs. MX850: ~10% slower and no OCR? Can anyone provide some firsthand input on the differences between Canon's MX850 AIO printer and its replacement, the MX860?
Why is there 2 black inks? And if you want the printer to print in black only, how do you get it to use the large cartridge instead of the small?
Canon Pixma mx860 vs. canon mp980 all-in-ones?
Photo Quality Canon MX850 vs MX860: Can anyone tell me if either the 850 or 860 would print photos comparable to the quality of the iP1000?
Error B200: Has anyone had the B200 error pop up?
Scanning without ink: Does the MX860 scan without the ink cartridges installed (or if they're dry)?
Can the Canon MX860 print and scan on legal size paper? Does anyone know if this printer can handle duplex printing on legal size paper 8.5inches x14inches?
windows 7 compatible?
220 empty, but 221 full? (Black inks) Any one know why I'm having to replace my 220 black ink while the 221 ink is still full?
Auto document feeder mx860 vs mx870: However, I've seen reviews of the mx860 where people appear to claim that it does the same thing?
I want something that will print odd sizes of paper (i.e., a notecard that is 4.25 X 8.25). Will this accept that?
Does the Canon PIXMA Pro 9000 MARK II come with ink and or a print head in the box or must these products be bought separately
13x19 frames: where do you find stores that have frames to fit the 13x19 photos that these printers will do
my printer keeps telling me it has a paper jam and there is no paper in it, yellow light keeps flashing, won't print
Ink Droplets on photos? Is anyone having problems that when you print a photo it leaves large ink drops of another color on your photo?
Can anyone let me know the differences between this printer and http://www.amazon.com/Canon-PRO-100-P...
cis for canon pro 9000 mk2: Does anyone have a cis attatched to the printer and have u had any problems with it .
My Pro9000 Mark II ink cartridges periodically do not make contact? These are new cartridges does anyone have a solution?
will it print 4x6s?
Can you print on fabric for photo quilts?
Will this work with the sky
Do the numbers in the corner mean anything? If I'm buying one as a gift, does it matter which one I purchase?
Can you use a regular pen with this?
Is the 150 sheets total or per subject section?
From a student's perspective, would this last me a semester of Calc II?
Does it have folders on each section divider?
how easy it is to peel off and does not stay glue there?
Would this tape be suitable for labeling bottles of breast milk (will be refrigerated and heated in water) without falling off or leaving any residue?
do you cut it or is it perforated?
what do you use to write on it that does not smudge and looks clear ? I plan to use it to label things OUTSIDE the frigge.
What is the core dimension? I need 3 inch to fit existing dispensers.
Will this stick toTupperware and plastic ziplock bags?
Is there a dispenser that fits this tape? I have mine lying on top of the refrigerator, but I would like to purchase a dispenser for it. Thanks.
will scotch freezer tape fit into the featured freezer tape dispenser?
Hi there, I was wondering if this item you had listed is compatible with the Canon PIXMA, MX850? Thank you very much for your time
will it work with a mx700
Is this compatible with MP530?
are they compatible with canon pixma mp610
This 15 pack of cartridges says they will fit my Canon Pixma ip5200, but below in the little box it says they will not. Which is right?
Are these 5 colors 8BK, 5PGBK, 8Y, 8M, and 8C each?
Has anyone actually held the ink cartridges up to a bright light to CHECK that the ink wells are indeed full? Dark inks LOOK full even when not.
i have canon pixma ip4500 is you ink cartridge will work on my printer
In the Title it says CLI-8, which is the ink that the Pixma ip6600D uses, but it is not listed in the description. Does anyone know if they will work?
Are cartridges compatible with mp970?
What is the size of the paper?
can you use this on a printer machine?
Is the box it comes in the classic Crane blue? Does it have a matching lid, or do they now put a plastic lid on it? Thank you.
What is the paper's weight?
Does this truly have their logo imprinted on the letter paper or envelopes? Read it somewhere in one of the reviews....
how old is it
cleaning
Prices should go down not upWhy isn't it lower then 3 years ago?
What type of HP ink does it require? Does it allow you to print both sides? Thank you.
I a trying to set up this wireless printer to my Chrome. It tell me I need my printers email address.
I a trying to set up this wireless printer to my Chrome. It tell me I need my printers email address.
does this printer work with a Mac comoputer using OS system 10.4 ,
does it fit the canon MP830 printer
How long does it take to ship and deliver this canon print head? What is shipping origin?
Why does my printer 2550 say wrong print head when it is the one that came with the printer, never changed it
does it fit the mp560 printer
will this fit a Canon MX 922 printer?
can these PrintHeads work in the MX 922 model?
Are there instructions to install this printer head?
need print head for MX892
is it worht rplacing a print head on a 870 printer
What size laptop does it fit? I have a 17'.
Does it have a lip to keep book/computer from sliding into your lap?
What are the measurements of the surface?
Does it have a built in storage compartment?
surface smooth enough to write on it
Does anyone know how many Tractor Supply standard "large" muck buckets of manure this cart equals realistically?
I am looking at the 10 cu ft polar utility cart (item # 8376) and need to know if this will float with about 50lb of material in it.
Has anyone had success loading up with firewood and pulling it up deck stairs?
One reviewer commented that the support legs under the handle clips them in back of their legs. Has any other owner had this problem?
My husband wants to know how easily this stores...can it store up ended?
Has anyone used it with a Mac/will it scan Black and White negatives accurately? Last scanner I used BW negs came out orange!
I have a film2sd, is it worth to change it for a slide2sd PLUS?
what is the file format?
Will this scan reeled film from the 60's
Can it scan stereo slides without losing the integrity of the stereo slide frame? I realize that it will not capture the 3d image.
Does anyone know how to clean the inside of the LED screen? Mine is full of dust and black spots. Slides have been in dustproof container, so why?
Although this scanner is for 35mm negatives, has anyone every tried scanning older versions of negatives?
Will this item scan the thicker cardbord mounted and glass mounted slides?
driver requirements Dell xps?
does this produce high quality images from slide with Mac OS X
does it have call block
is it new and have a warranty
Can you record a custom greeting or does the answering machine give a generic mechanical greeting?
I already have this model but want to add additional handsets. this is cheaper than cl80109 and you get three handsets. can i add to existing set?
I have four handsets for cl82309 but I don't get a dial tone on the fourth handset, can you help me?
can i have more than three handsets with model no. cl82309
can plug in a headphone mic ?
How do i operate the call log?
Does it have an answering component? When entering stored numbers hoe many times does it ned to be done?
Does the main base hang on the wall?
Can this phone block a number?
I have an old VTech phone expansion set. However, the Base is malfunctioning, if I buy an upgraded version can I expand it using the same handsets??
This phone have headset phone jack?
My handsets have no headphone jack... Why do they show that people also bought a headset when purchasing this phone?
Can I copy the directory from my older Vtech system to my new replacement Vtech system?
I know this is ultimately pretty superficial, but are the phones that are currently being shipped black and white or black and silver?
How to enter numbered speed dialing entries?
With the intercom feature can any of the handsets ring the other allowing a coversation between them? How do you like this phone for that purpose?
Need batteries for my phones. Where can I find them?
Is this phone full duplex (can both parties speak - and hear each other - at the same time)?
Are the display screens well lighted and easy to read?
Loud? Can anyone tell me if it has a decent volume level?
Power Failer: Do you lose all your settings?
talk between phones?
Does this phone have an answering machine on it?
WHAT IS THE EXTENDED RANGE
how do I set the number of rings before voicemail picks up?
Does this phone have caller ID/call waiting?
Can two "Base+1 handset" sets be used together with all 4 handsets working, if only one base is plugged into a phone line? The price difference is crazy!
Does this phone have a speed dial feature and if so, is it usable from each handset or just from the base?
Wall mount? Does this phone have a wall mount?
When calling somebody, the person on the other line can not hear anything. Is this because a DSL filter is needed or do I have a defective product?
can you plug up a headset
Is the caller ID backlit?
Why does it need batteries? Doesn't the wall jack supply all the power it needs?
Tell me about the quality of the speaker phone part of the phone. Is it easy to be heard and to hear?
Can ringer be turned off?
what is the battery life
Can I adjust the volume of the handset?
Does this phone have an answering system because I do not need this as I have voicemail
led display is no longer readable-what do i do?
Is the handset cord connected to the base using a standard phone cord connector (RJ11)?
This says Dect 6.0. Dect 6.0 is a wireless term. This phone is corded. What does the Dect 6.0 do on a corded phone?
Is the phone call coming in connected immediately after lifting the receiver or do you have to press an answer button before the call is connected? Asking if you can screen the caller id screen first before deciding to answer.
Is phone display suppose to light up?
Does it have a mute button?
does this phone work in power outage (i.e. become completely analog phone) thanks
Does the caller I.D. require AA batteries to work or is it powered thru the phone lines current?
Does keypad light up?
Can you turn off the ringer?
can cord be replaced
accessory handset: Does it have to be near by in the house or could it be say in the garage?
Can other people hear my conversation
Using the menu
Working outside US? Does this phone set working outside US also?
Is this phone V-Tech #CS6229-2 a Wall Mount?
Hang Ups... Is anyone having a problem with the phone ringing only once and then stopping?
is the display easy to see /large fonts and light?
How many names can I program?
Does this phone have a headset jack? Can you use this phone with a 2.5mm headset?
can this phone be mounted on a wall?
Are there more expandable phones to this set?
VOIP: Anyone have any experience using this device with VOIP such as MagicJack?
Answering machine: Does anyone know how many times the phone rings before the answering machine picks up?
do the charging bases come with the handsets
Is there a voice mail indicator light on the handsets as well as the base?
Does this phone have headset jack?
can the base be mounted on a wall?
can you use as an intercom between handsets?
Can you mount base on the wall
How good is the battery life? Actual talk time?
Do I have to purchase the 3 extra handsets? I only need the one. Thanks.
How many phone numbers can it hold in memory?
can I use old fashioned headset that plugs to handset NOT bluetooth?
Can this phone work with a headset?
The Amazon description says it's expandable up to 12 handsets, but the manufacturer's info states it's only expandable to 6 handsets. Which is it?
Will these bases support multiple phone lines? Two is what we need
How does it answer your cell phone?
How does it answer your cell phone?
can I plug an AT &amp; T answering machine into this phone system?
If you mount it on the wall, how far does it stick out?
does this phone have caller id?
What are the exact measurements of the handsets by themselves?
Does the phone have speaker capability?
Does this phone come with batteries?
Does this phone have a call waiting feature with caller id?
Answering machine feature?
I have one of these, but I need two more handsets. Would the phone system you arae selling be compatible with the identical one I have now?
Does this phone have more than one ring tone?
Is there any way to set the handset so it only rings for intercom calls, not incoming calls?
I am nearly sure but want to double check - is this compatible with SynJ system? THANK YOU!!!
Is this handset compatible with " SB67148 DECT 6.0 4-line expansion deskset "
We have 3 lines. If a call is answered on one of the handsets, can it be transferred to another line? Or can that only be done from a base?
can this handset be wall mounted?
can you conference calls betweeen handsets.
Can any headset be used with this unit?
I am going to be gone for a month and want to call home for my answering machine messages but can not get it to work per my inst.What do I do?
Can the ringer be turned off at the extension?
Can I purchase just a base I have the 2 phones and the larger base.
Is there any way you can reject an unwanted caller that keeps calling? I did not find anything like that.
Is it compatible with 11oV as well as 220V?
Is it wall mountable?
does it beep instead of blink
Does the CL82209 connect to wireless headset TL600?
Does this At&amp;t set include the base answering machine shown, or just two handsets?
DOES IT USE TAPE
Speed dial: Does anyone know how to use speed dial on this?
Does the battery "run out" after a few years? I have this phone set since 2010 and now neither handset seems to work.
can I use the hand set to add to my 6.0
how to change the number of rings on dect 6.0 model cs6219-12 phone
Does it have a headset jack input
"I have had this phone for quite a while and now all of a sudden caller's voice sounds echoed and like chipmunk voices. Do you know why?"
why sound echo
How do you access voicemail on this phone?
Is this bluetooth enabled?
how do I store phone numbers on dect 6.0 phone?
does this include the required battery?
Will this work with my AT&amp;T CL81219 model?
Does this handset come with a charging base?
If I buy two of these WITHOUT base, how would the handsets find each other?
Can I purchase just the handset without the base?
mine says searching for base - why?
Would this work with my CL4939
Suppose that I buy two (2) of these handsets. Can I use them as wireless intercom?
can i use this set in indian
I keep getting no power at base or out of range, any idea how to fix it I get this message on the second phone not the main one in the base
AT&amp;T SL82418 phone beeps when talking on it
Can I block the other handsets from coming onto the line during a call for privacy?
Does this phone have a call blocking function?
Need AC Adapter for ATT Cordless Phone CL82309: AC Adapter for ATT Cordless Phone CL82309 is lost, I want to buy new one, can some pls suggest where to find it?
how do I access the remote answering feature from away. AT&amp;T dect 6.0
Do you need software subscriptions?
does this visually confirm if you are clocking in or out?
Does this come with the network version of the software?
Which version of the software and hardware is this?
does this include the computer software? is this a complete bundle? does it have everything you need to get started?
Does it recognize standard HID Proximity Badges or do we have to purchase seperate badges?
Have any of you delt with the ink bursting in your printer !!!!! I have ink every where in my printer and on important documents .... GRRRR!!!
I assume the cartridges com filled with ink, I'm buying sets of 13 is this good or just buys the ink and filled them myself??
has anyone else had an error code come up?
Will this work with HP 3210
Is the iem durable?
Will this work with my Photosmart C7200?
really bad i want my refund
Does this scale continually adjust as you add more weight on it? Or do you have to remove the old item and wait for the scale to "clear?"
I have had the scale since April. Was pleased with it. Batteries needed changing. Now when I turn it on I get an Err-E msg. What is that?
I saw model SPS35 on the internet with an AC adapter. This model looks like it does not come with the AC adapter and requires 6 AA batteries?
Does this scale work with Stamp.com's software?
What size is the platform and does anyone have trouble balancing a package on it? Will the weight stay lit for a few seconds after I remove he pkg?
If I use a power outlet, will this scale stay on until turned off? I need one without an auto-off feature. Thank you!
Does this come with a power cord too?
I got my scale yesterday and it is weighting very incorrectly, please advise on the how to calibrate it. what left and right means?
Does this scale have a USB port?
What is the lowest resolution for this scale? 1/10 gram? 1/100 gram?
What is the weight limit on this?
what is the weight limit?
How much weight will it hold?
What is the lowest appx angle to horizontal it will adjust?
Does this stand hold smaller books (such as paperback books) open well?
Can this be used when lying in bed with hard cover and paperback books?
Can this item hold a book larger than its dimensions (height and width, not the thickness of the book)?
is the item portable?
Will this stand hold a laptop?
What is the diameter of the pole, and what is the width of the desk clamp?
When raised to the top of the pole, what is the distance between the center of the mounting plate and the desk top?
Does it come with the screws needed to mount the bracket to the monitor? I lost the ones for my monitor.
Other than in the manual which I cannot find, where on my Acer desktop with 17" monitor would I find the Vesa mounting pattern size for this arm?
would this work with a glass-top desk and approximately 10 pound monitor?
Will the desk clamp support max length of 1.5 inches? I have a 1.5 inch area to mount this to my desk.
How long is the pole from the desktop to the top?
Will this leave any holes anywhere?
I need my computer monitor to come all the way down to my desktop. Will this work?
I need my computer monitor to come all the way down to my desktop. Will this work?
Would this product work for the Jinhao 5000 Dragon?
WILL THIS SUBSTITUE FOR PELIKAN 4001?
IS THIS PERMANENT INK? If not, what brand works with X450 QUINATE?
Will this cartridge work in a Cross Bailey fountain pen?
Will these cartridges fit a Cross Bailey? I understand most Asian fountain pen cartridges are universal, wasn't sure if Cross used proprietary vers.
will these work with a Givenchy stylos fountain pen?
I have a Stypen fountain pen purchased in Austria. Do you suppose this product would work in that pen?
Do these cartridges fit Levenger fountain pens?
will this cartridge fit a pilot varsity fountain pen?
Is this a non-shellac ink?
is this considered a number 2 pencil?
how long is the pencil?
what color is it
What is up with the eraser?? Every time I use, it goes right back down in the pencil. Is mine broke or is there a way to stop it from doing this??
How do I load the lead?
Where is it made? Japan, China?
how to put new lead in the clear papermate pencil
I just bought this item and another on January 17th, its supposed to arrive 23rd, but today is January 21, Weren't they supposed to be shipped by now?
What is the thickness of the plastic?
Is this only one bag? Or are there two for the box spring as well?
How does this work- is it a wrap like cellophane or does it zipper closed?
Will this plastic make crackle noises if you want to leave it on the mattress and put a sheet over it to sleep?
Would this be good for storage of a futon?
I have a King memory foam mattress. Has anyone had success with one fitting? Some reviews made me question the size.
Is this good for a 8inch Queen size mattress? Does it cover it completly?
Is this clear plastic or white? Can you see through it?
Is this safe? If movers uses rough/hard move?
Does this cover encompass the whole mattress; top &amp; bottom?
Is there a way to turn off the "lock" feature?
Can it be set to use the metric system?
how do you calibrate this scale
Is the LCD removable for large items?
Do these converters work with Lamy All-Star?
is the shipping free?
Do these converters are refitables?
Do these cartridges work with Luxury Jinhao 250 fountain pens?
is there a waterproof ink cartridge available
How long do the Lamy cartridges last? (I know this is hugely connected to how much you write but I'm looking for some idea.)
Does the refill work in Varsity Pilot - 7283890029
are these ink cartridges appropriate for a Kodak 3200?
does this work on kodak esp 5200
what is the difference between 10xl and 10b black ink cartridges
Do these products fit and work correctly on the ESP 5250 (5200 series All-in-One)?
will this ink fit kodak 3200 printer
Do these fit in the Kodak Hero 7.1?
Do they fix ESP7250
How many do 100 pg packs do you get for $94.75?
There seems to be a lot of confusion about the number of pads you get for $90. 1 or 24?
Is this price $89.05 for one pad or a set of how many pads?
Does anybody know where to buy this product in quantities less than a 24 pad case?
what size batteries
Can I add an extention cord to the handset (will I be able to unplug the handset at both ends)? Also, does it have an option to turn the ringer off?
Is this a "line powered" phone?
What is the REN for this phone?
Are the numbers back lit?
How long is the handset cord?
If the light does not flash for missed calls, what does the light do?
Does the phone light stay on, or flash, to let you know when you have a missed call?
Can you replace the cord between the base and handset with a longer cord? Or is it hardwired?
Does this phone work when the electricity goes off?
is it grade F or is it grade B? picture says one thing and the description says something else?
It's been 5 months. Please fix the image.
Does the 144 count mean you receive a box with 12 tubes with 12 leads in each?
Can you use this lead with scantrons?
Could you use this lead in a pencil made for 0.5 mm HB lead, or is there a difference?
does it cause any problems for canon mf6595?
Is the toner composition the same as Canon original cartridges? I need a cartridge with &gt;/= 40% iron oxide.
Does this toner have the same composition as the original? I need toner that have &gt;40% iron oxide content.
Can I tare out this scale if I have a bowl of silver grains?
Does This scale measure grams by the hundredths so if I have it the scale on grams unit and I put somehting on the scale will read 3.7 Grams or will it read 3 Grams
Will this scale weigh in grains?
What is the warranty on this? I brought one in 2011 (through Amazon) and it stopped working last week. Got a AWS100 but would like it fixed!
Does this scale measure Troy ounces?
How large is the weighing surface?
is this scale good to weigh out 1 or 2 or 3 or 4 or 5 or 7 or 28.3 grams of marijuana buds? is it accurate if not whats the best scale to get for this
What is the maximum weight this can measure? In terms of jewelry, can this be used to weigh say a heavy chain? of about 10 soverigns?
I need to use this for small jewelry components, as well as weighing packages - could this scale do both?
Will this scale read grams like this: 0.48 Grams? or its just like this 0.4 or round up to 0.5
Can you please tell me the OS versions that are on the phones?
Is this phone unlocked so I can use it on RingCentral?
How is the shipping weight lower than the product weight?
can the ringer be turned "Off" ?
Is it cordless?
is this phone cordless?
NTEP certified: Could somebody let me know if it is NTEP certified or not?
Does this have a Class III designation?
can connect it to lable printing machine?
Does this have a dual display on both front and back?
is this scale capable of reading up to ounces...example,10 lbs,5 oz?
How long is the charged battery life?
Does it breakdown into ounces or just hundreths of a pound?
Does anyone know where I can buy replacement parts? I am looking for new feet, the ones that screw into the bottom of th is scale
how often does this scale need to be calibrated? and how would calibration be performed?
How do I weigh in kg manual doesn't say
Can these stick &amp; stay on wood cabinets
Can you put 4 or 5 cards in the pocket or will it just hold one?
Please confirm that this is 50 Business Card Holders total for $4.37
I need 250 holders. Can you clarify that these are 5 packs of 10 each each pack or a total of 50 holders for $3.05?
Are these sized to fully and tightly hold a regular credit card?
Are these flat or curved? I'm looking for something to protect the edges of my poster instead of just going with just the poster tack/adhesive
Can this product be cut down eaily? I need a 13 inch rail set for a silk wall scroll.
Would this work for a canvas poster, it's a bit thicker than a normal poster or map?
would these work for satin material?
Could these be used for a two-sided poster that hangs in the center of the room, visible from both sides?
Can I buy only the hooks?
My son's college dorm only allows art hung using push pins. Would two push pins be sufficient to hold a 24" rail &amp; poster?
Could I hang a flag with this system or does it have to be paper?
I would like to hang two maps (world and US) back to back with the option of flipping the map to the side I need. Will this hanger hold two maps?
I have a 55" wide map and these don't come in that size. I'm considering combining the 48" and 12". Will this work? Look weird?
Is this rail set easily removed and attached to another map? We've got two maps that we will rotate through based on what we are studying.
My poster is 40". Can the 48" be cut?
Hi stupid question but Would this hold a 48 x 72 poster?
Would it look weird if the map were a little smaller than the rail? Like a 43 inch wide map with the 48 inch wide rail?
Would this work on something mounted on 1/4" foam core, or does the rail not expand wide enough?
Will these hold a vinyl banner or are they built more for paper posters?
does this item create any sort of damage to the posters? And how much weight can it hold?
Does the corner base piece provide any space inside of it to hide cords/power strips/etc, or is it a solid cube all the way up?
Does the monitor shelf just sit on the desk or is it attached with screws?
Could the back that is unfinished particle board be installed backward so the finished surface would face into the room if it is not against a wall?
what kind of finished does the black panels have on them? Is it like a glossy black or a matte?
Do you have to keep the monitor shelf or can you work without it? Does it leave holes on the desk if you can? I am not a fan of the raised monitor. I am already short :) And, do you have to hook up the keyboard part or can you leave it out as well?......
could it be reversed--the cpu cabinet on the right and the open area on the left?
Will a 2 drawer file cabinet fit under desk on right side ? What is the measurement of space under desk ?
What are the dimensions of the raised monitor shelf? Could two 27" monitors fit? Thank you.
Can I paint the whole desk white? I was looking for a white desk in this shape!
Can the left cabinet not be installed? I have a heater on the bottom part of my wall and this desk would be perfect if I did not have the left cabinet
Is the keyboard slide out part fixed? Or I can I move it to another part of the desk? I don't want it under the hutch.
Can you provide the dimensions of the section with the monitor? Then the one parallel to it?
Is this solid wood or mdf, or particle board?
How many inches are between the desk and hutch shelf and the cabinets for determining maximum monitor fitting?
I have a small office space, can anyone please let me know the length of each section of the desk? Please don't refer me back to website. Thank you.
I am a fairly tall guy, with long legs. My question is, can this desk and keyboard tray accommodate someone who's 6'5 without scraping my knees?
In the product description it says including the lateral file and bookshelf. Would you please verify if they are included?
How wide are the desks when it is put together (bookcase and connecting piece)? Want to make sure I have enough wall space for this.
What is the depth of each of the three desk portions?
Is there a matching bookshelf and / or separate filing cabinets?
Do the following refill pads fit inside the leather memo pad binder listed above:Ampad 20-208 Evidence 3" x 5" Narrow Perforated Writing Pads - White
does it have a slot for credit cards
is this a real leather case
Does this have a pen holder?
Is it really leather?
my hp c6180 says ink cartridges are missing when I install these non hp inks,how do I override this problem?
Does anyone know what I can do to make these work in my printer? Ever since I put them in my printer will NOT work at all!!!!
it is powder or liquid
Printer compatibility: Anyone know if these cartridges will work on a HP Photosmart C5180 model?
Can you fit 8x11" documents in this safe without having to fold them? What are the interior dimensions?
Where is the UL Number on my SentrySafe?
Can this safe be used with a cable to prevent it from walking away?
Does it fit a Macbook Pro 13-inch?
I have an 8 x 6 certificate, will this frame fit?
with all the mats shown in your picture on AMAZON, can you tell me what the "opening measurements" are? I have a 8 x 10 college diploma. Thanks!
I have an 11 x 14 certificate, will this frame fit?
will this fit an 8 1/2 x 11" diploma?
I have an 8 x 6 certificate, will this frame fit?
If I order 3 of these frames, can they ship together to save freight? Thanks.
is it glass or that plastic stuff?
Can you hang it both ways?
Will an 11 x 14 certificate fit in this frame?
And one last question, is this a long point sharpener?
Is the sharpener free standing?
Also, I am looking for a good sharpener for the Dixon Tri-Conderogas. Is this it?
Does this model automatically stop when the pencil is sharpened?
What are the dimensions of the top, including the dimensions of both pieces of that top?
What is the height of this table?
What is the height of the wheels and the bar that is attached to the wheels? I need this to fit under my recliner.
I have a recliner and there is only about 2.5 inches of clearance under the bottom of it between it and the floor. Would this fit underneath it?
Is this an all metal stand? I may use it outdoors and I don't want any wood in it.
Does the top swivel
What does the Siemens Gigaset SL785 do when there is a call waiting? Can anyone tell me what the Siemens SL785 does?
I'm confused !! .. is this like a normal phone , i mean can i connect it directly to my land phone or it should be specific lines ?
Does anyone know if you can pair 3rd party Bluetooth headsets of this phone or will it only connect to a Siemens?
How do you purchase extra hand sets?
How do I retreive caller lis on siemens landline?
Does the answering machine have caller announce. I love my V-tech LS6245. The call quality is great, but no voice announce, for screening calls.
DOES IT WORK IN THE UNITED STATES
how many handsets are included?
I'm considering both this and the S795 model. Anyone had experience with both, to recommend one over the other?
What is the sound quality of incoming messages on the answering machine? Are voices clear &amp; intelligible?
blackberry pearl: do they all come with wifi no matter which phone you get?
Is it GSM900/1800 ? It is avialable for Ukraine?
can i put a sim card in this phone
does this phone have wifi
can i put a simcard in this phone
can put a simcard to this phone
does this phone have wifi
Will this phone work in Nigeria?
Does this phone has internate conection?
will at&amp;t accept this phone on my account and what are approx dimensions
When you put in a number with the decimal in the proper place and want to keep adding numbers up, do you have to keep putting in the decimal point?
Physical dimensions
Product Dimensions list 9.2 x 5 x 0.8 inches. Is this correct? Other websites list the product dimension as much smaller. Thank you.
what size battery does this take?
ScanSnap S1500 vs. Visioneer Strobe 500: Has anyone looked at both and compared?
ScanSnap vs. Neat Receipts? Does anyone have any comparative data between the two machines?
Rack2 Filer Software worthwhile ?? What, if any, are the advantages of using this product with the Rack2 Filer software ?
fujitsu scan snap S1500 Instant and S1500 Deluxe: Why would one buy both the S1500 Instant and the S1500 Deluxe - what is the difference?
Cleaning the Fujitsu ScanSnap S1500: Is anyone successfully cleaning their machine with something cheaper than $17.99 a pop?
Can the ScanSnap S1500 scan platic cards? Do items need to flex around rollers to be scanned?
ADF 50 page maximum: Once you have reached the 50 page maximum, do you have to close your scanning session, or can you continue entering more pages as a single session?
Scanning Packets = one file w/ muli pg or multiple files for each page: Does that mean that if I wanted to scan my lease or school paper, it would create one file for each page?
Computer license limits and Win7 compatability: Can anyone provide more insight on these concerns?
Jammed papers
Does it slide on the wood floor?
I can't get this to lay flat. How have others flattened it out from the shipping rolled up state? Ok, so I followed the suggestion to take it in the sun. I laid it out and held it down with some bricks and now it is flat. Thanks fir all the ideas.
I'm sure the 53" includes the lip. How tall is the Lip? Would it essentailly be 45"x45" without the lip?
I notice the product details keep refering to the "the lip". What is the lip?
How wide is the lip? . . I need to know before I order (old banker's desk). Thanks. JMC
Has the mat stained or damaged anyones hardwood floors over the years?
mat would be mostly on wood but would also a portion on a very low .thick rug..would this be ok?
My desk has MAX width space limitation of 24" that the lip must fit into. Please verify that lip width will fit this hole. tks!
Will this work on bamboo flooring?
does it cave in our crack in spots? i have a dxracer which is aboit a 60lb chair and my current one mayes me sink into spots and not move freely.
is the back of this product "finished" I plan to use along a "half wall"
I know the unit is 62" but what is the height from the floor to the top of the shelf that the tv rests on. thank you.
what inch tv will it hold or how big is opening for tv
what size tv will this accomodate?
can a stereo reciever fit under the tv on a shelf?
Description says Abbey Oak but there is one that says Abbey Oak Finish for $60 more. What is the difference? They look the same to me.
How wide is the center opening between the cabinet doors?
Can you mount a TV to the back wall of this unit ?
Does this unit require assembly?
What is the length or this product?
Have anyone tried the Smart Book Stand vs. this one? I am in doubt between the two.
how much does it weigh?
Does it work for standard paperback books? Thanks!
is this sturdy enough to be able to make notes on? Will it fold flat for storage?
Would this item be able to hold/support a laptop in the reclined position?
What's the shortest length the stand can stay upright in? I'm looking to use it on top of my digital piano to hold a binder but the space I have is slim.
Do the arms fold down in order to turn pages?
can you use this book stand just for a document holder for typing from regular paper size 8-1/2 x 11?
Do the page holding arms work on a 2-1/2" thick book, when the book is open at the very beginning or end?
does this come in a taller version to hold a 18" tall plaque for signing at a wedding
will this handset work with model tru9496 ?
base won't charge phone
BT 1021 replacement battery
How many phones are included?
is htis handset compatable with the TCX905
does this handset have a headphone jack?
how many of these separate handhelds can be added to the home base system?
Uniden Accessory Handset for DECT Phones (DCX150) won't charge
does the phone come with a stand and adapter to charge the phone?
Is this handset compatible with the TRU8860 base?
Is this a brother product?
How much more does the "High Yield" cartridge print over the standard TN-620?
Has anyone else had the experience of the cartridge leaking toner? This happened to us after two weeks of use.
I have a Brother MFC-8690DW. Will this cartridge work? I know the TN-620 works. Is this the high yield of that one?
Is this an OEM Brother TN-650?
The item title states "by Brother" with a photo of the OEM cartridge box. Is this an OEM Brother TN-650 cartridge? Or is this a "compatible"?
I purchased this product but installed after the return date, it prints uneven and says toner is low all the time. I have tried to shift the toner
HOW CAN I INSTALD THIS PRODUCT
Is this product an OEM Brother cartridge or a compatable?
Do you have to change out the drum unit when you replace the toner cartridge? Any tips when changing out the toner cartridge?
are the rails are the bottom like a rolodex. I do not want rails.
How many cards does it hold?
Home many cards does it come with ?
does it come with the alphabetical dividers?
Will this take Rolodex blank cards, if you want to add hand written contact info?
does this phone plug in or uses batery?
What is the model number of the extension phones that are compatible? Thanks!
Can this base be used with existing handsets that are NOT for visual hearing impaired Thank you
Is this phone GSM compatible?
Can you shut off the answering macheen If you dont want to use it and does it have a flashing light for when you have a voice message waiting
Does this phone have a feature that says the name of the programmed person in the phone log when scrolling through phone log?
Battery #? I found the battery lower hour charge than if you purchase myself / I purchase higher hour a great difference if off hook a while.
Does the hand set have an independent speaker built into it or is the speaker phone all in the base
When someone leaves a message, is there and auditory signal or just a blinking light?
When you push a number on the phone is the number repeated back to you to let you know you pushed it?
Does it translate to/from Mandarin?
Is there an option to put this translator device on silent, so the keys or device does not make noise or sound?
I want to know if this will record what a teacher is saying, or type what is being said?
can you type a short sentence with this?I need this for a special needs lady.
is there arabic ?
is there arabic ?
Will I be able to find most English definitions;doesitalsohave a therasus feature
could you input your own dialoque
Do you need to be online to use it
Does it translate English to russian
Does it have audio? I'm looking for something that can read to a near blind person.
Has it headphone input?
is there with spanish text ?
find feature
WHAT is wrong when the printing is unreadable?
does the screen light up, can you read it in the dark?
Does it require wifi
What size is it?
can you spell name of people
Does this have a word finder feature? (enter wh?? then get a list of possible words)
what battery is required?
I have a question about Biographical Dictionary. After I look up a name and it says that it is 1 of 3, I can't find any more names.I tried using SPAC
can I uses this in the healthcare field for median words
what size batteries does it requare?
Is it battery operated?
Does it tell what an abbreviation is? Such as FBI, UAR, etc.
Is this entirely made of plastic?
Can it store two laptops?
is there a warranty? the wheels on mine keep bending and it falls over
Where are the screws located? I don't see any in the box.
How much weight will each self hold? Large containers of detergent can be heavy.
Height of 1st shelve
In one place you say 8 1/4 in another area below you say 9.4. Which are the actual outside dimensions???
Is it Spanish from Spain or spanish from Mexico?
is unit audable
Is the Screen display bright and easy to read? Thanks
is translate also english to spanish?
Size of the translator
is there a thesaurus
What kind of battery does it have?
Will this sharpener work with Inktense pencils? Thanks.
How well does it work with Prismacolor pencils?
Are replaceable blades available?
I just received this unit today and it doesn't work!! I changed out the batteries twice ,hoping it was that , is there something I'm missing here ???
Replaceable blades?
are replcement blades avalable the derwent model 2301934
Auto shut off when toner runs out: Does anyone know if this printer will refuse to print when it detects toner is low?
How does Brother HL-5370DW compare with Brother HL-2270DW? Assuming a price difference of $30, why would the Brother HL-2270DW be a better buy?
How come the blue "paper level" indicator on outside of tray indicates "full" even if empty? How come the paper-level indicator on the outside (on right) of the paper tray always shows a "full" tray, even though the tray has no paper or very few papers?
is parallel cable included?
Is this printer compatible with Mac Computers?
Afraid to ask: is it unwise to refill the toner cartridge using a toner refill kit? (it doesn't come with reset flag)
Wireless printer need wires? Does the Brother HL-5370DW need any wires other than power?
Why does some of the toner flake off on the address of a mailed envelope on my HL-5370DW Brother printer?
This says it yields 25,000 pages. Do I have to buy toner to go with that, or does the drum come with that ink/toner necessary for 25k pages.
Is this a genuine Brother Drum?
I don't see the HL-5370 listed yet it takes this drum. Oversight, or am I missing something?
It says brother so it is not a refill ply?
how many copies should it work for?
Will this product work with a Brother HL 5340D Printer?
Is it really easy or messy to replace drum for HL-5340D. Printer just started printing dull grey pages.
what is "retail" packaging?
how to replace
Is this Brother DR-620 a NEW drum unit in official sealed packaging?
does this have a USB port only? I need one for a 8 pin connector
can i get this overnighted?
problems with three-hole printers?
does this printer work for macs?
Does it do cardstock duplex well? Anyone have experience as to whether it jams a lot when doing this?
suitable for Mac OS lion? Does anyone know if 1500M can be used for Mac OSX lion?
will this device work in the UK? will it work with the UK power supply?
Why doesn't the S1500M for Mac, scan to "Pages"??? I am considering purchasing the S1500M for Mac Scanner, but I find it odd that it scans to Microsoft Word, but NOT to the Apple "Pages" software.... is there a workaround for this?
ScanSnap S1500M for Windows PC? Anybody know?
scansnap for mac -- organizing software: Can anyone tell me what the best PDF organizing software would be (for use with the Scansnap for mac) for this kind of use (preferably one that does not rely on the inputter's memory of how or where things are...
Does it organize receipts like the Neat Desk: Is it compatible or do I have to purchase additional software?
Does this scanner have the ability to file say all of the receipts from "Target" or "Kohl's" automatically or do you have to do this manually? Thank
How does it work for scanning and storing photos? Does it work well for scanning and storing photos?
Does it make sense to buy this now, 2+ years after it was released? Any news/advice?
Fujitsu ScanSnap S1500M Drivers: Does anyone know where I can download the ScanSnap Manager/Drivers for the S1500M Scanner (link, torrent, whatever...)?
how long would you take to ship this phone from date of purchase ?
Does this phone have speakerphone capability?
Do you have a battery charge for this phone?
How do I get to the call block list to delete numbers?
My wife wish it came in white can this be sprayed painted white before assembled? if so what kind or brand you recommend?
What type of wood is it
Could I store a vacuum in this cabinet? I am planning to use this item to store a vacuum cleaner and other items. How much space, in inches, is there under the one fixed shelf? I am assuming that the fixed shelf is the top shelf, and the two beneath it...
could you tell me which shelves are adjustable?
What is the inside storage dimensions?
What is the page count on this machine?
How do you set up the 890DW to copy legal size documents. Legal size paper in tray but don't know how to set up copier.
Does this printer have wireless capabilities?
Can this print legal size paper on both sides (duplex) using another (optional) paper tray?
Accessories: Does this printer come with the TN620 standard yield toner and DR620 drum unit.
Fax to multiple numbers simultaneously - Monochrome all-in-one: Does anyone know of an all-in-one monochrome that allows you to send one fax to mutliple numbers simultaneously?
Drum and Toner Differences: Wondering if anyone could explain the differences in a Drum and a Toner, on the Brother MFC-8890DW Laser Printer?
Can I put a comcast cable box under this and a playstation on top?
what is the weight capacity?
Exactly what is involved with the assembly. How much problem with wood splitting.
From the front to the back, how long is this stand? I'm having trouble understanding the dimensions.
are the highlights on this pen white chrome or brass?
Does the pen rattle when the point is out? Like the other version of this pen?
Is the grip knurling exactly as pictured or is it the newer woods crew style knurling? Thanx
Does this write underwater and on grease, etc?
is there a specific model for the refill of this pen?
Can you get the pen engraved?
iwll it do everything a hand truck will do?
Hi I'm wondering if this will fit in the overheard of a plane with a backpack strapped to it? That way I don't have to take the wheels off
How much does the cart actually weigh?
what type of wheels? Are they rubber?
What is the total height of the cart when handle is folded all the way down ?
Ibought this tto carry 2 tote a ton at the airport. Will it be allowed into the plane after I depatch my luggage im flying overseas?
Do you think this would work to attach my just my toddler carseat and have my daughter ride in it safely?
How much does it weigh?
what are the dimensions? What's the weight of this thing?
Hello. I am curious if you sell additional wheels. Our return expired on 10/26/13. We love our cart, just need another wheel. Thanks. TRK
Does each page hold three or four cards? Thank you.
Does each page hold 1 card or are there 2 slots per page?
What are thie dimensions of this item?
Are these glossy or matte?
These labels do not peel freely from the backing sheet. They are attached to each label. They rip when separated?
Can these labels be used with a laser printer?
Are the labels adhesive on one side? In other words, are they sticky?
Any recommend seller for this? It says Americopy but I believe each seller has different kind.
Do we send a sample address for the labels?
Do we send a sample address for the labels?
are these labels white or clear?
Can I use a inkjet printer?
inkjet printer with this label?
Please does the $430.89 S1500 from Amaxon (ASIN: B0021AERWY ) come with Rack2-Filer V5.0?
Fujitsu ScanSnap S1500 vs. Fujitsu ScanSnap S1300? Which of these models would you suggest for a home-user, who needs to de-clutter 20+ years of paperwork (for aging parents and self)?
Will this operate with Windows 8.1?
I thought this scanner had an auto "de-skew"......my docs when fed in show up on the screen as skewed....anyone else have this issue?
Is the Abbey Fine Reader that comes with the scanner the "pro" version or the lighter weight "express" version?
Scansoft 1500 Twain Driver issue resolved? Have they ever resolved the problem w/appending .pdf files?
Can this scanner OCR and scan photos too? Will the S1500 and software actually OCR so I can just scan everything in and search for it later?
Is this unit compatible with a MAC? Does anyone know if the Fujitsu ScanSnap S1500 is compatible with a mac?
scan snap S1500 pdf to editable word conversion: Does anyone know if requested does the S1500 scanner and software convert a PDF document to an editable word document?
How do you transfer Card Minder data files from xp to windows 7?
Will it be able to hem denim jeans?
Will this machine need an international converter for the power if I use in Australia? Does it use batteries?
This question has been answered. Thanks! Does this machine have a built-in light?
I am making felt food for my son. Instead of hand stitching it I was thinking about getting this machine. Will it work for that?
ok so both threads are threaded but all it does is stab the fabric without making a stich? The tension screw doesn't seem to make a difference? Help?
I make my own greeting cards. Has anyone sewn on card stock with this machine?
Does it come with the AC/DC cord
can i sew stuffed animals
Can you buy neddles for it
DOes this machine come pre-threaded? I bought this for my wife and it was already threaded with a piece of fabric under the needle.
What type of surface finish do the tubes have? I need them for an art project and would like to use acrylic paint on them. Would that work on this?
What is the thickness of these tubes?
I realize they're 36" long, so will they accommodate a poster that is 36" long? Or, will the plastic cap crush the end of the poster?
Are these durable enough to ship fine art prints without damage especially long distance (US to UK)?
will this scan to email? how many emails can I store and scan to?
Is there Warranty on this printer?
Does it support LEGAL Size paper?
what size hitch cargo carrier would you need to transport this cart?
Does the cart hit your heels when you pull it? I have noticed other cart handles are too short resulting in the cart sometimes clipping your heels.
can you confirm if this cart comes with the liner. One review says it does not.
does this cart come with the liner?
Does it come with the blue liner and tabel
What are the dimensions?
Does this comes with the liner
Does this calculator have built-in computer algebra system?
Does this calculator come with a protective case and USB cable?
is it programmable?
does this come with the protective case, cover and cd?
Will the calculator factor polynomials?
are the buttons gummy or hard plastic ?
Does this "FX-9860GII" accept an SD card?
Does it have tactiile feedback?
Does this calculator need to be charged or do you have to buy batteries for it?
Does this calculator need to be charged or do you have to buy batteries for it?
What is the dimensions of the cabinet part (not the whole cart). (Need to make sure my PC can fit in) ?
What are the dimensions of the space between the cabinet and the pull-out shelf? (Need to know if my multi-function printer will fit there)
How much weight can the shelves of this unit hold?
Can a standard rack mount computer (18x24x7) fit inside the cabinet?
Is there ventilation in the lower cabinet (concerned about PC overheating in there)?
Does the lockable cabinet have an access port for power to run into any electronics you place in it?
Will the tray support the weight of a laptop?
What is the height of the cart?
Can anyone give me the measurements for this cart?
What size SD card does this Calculator take? Is there a maximum GB size?
If you input sin 15&deg; (&pi;/12) into the calculator, will it tell you that the answer is (&radic;6-&radic;2)/4 exactly?
Can you ship this product to india?
what is the difference with the FX-9860 GII and the one SD? Which is best?
Hi, I am wanting to order 40 of these. Do you have 40 available? Thanks
Do you ship internationally to Singapore?
Is there a thickness listed on the packaging (the thickness in mils or mm) for the flat part of the mat, not including the spike height?
Does the 60" width include the lip?
How well does it grip the carpet? The one I have now moves around a little bit.
Did this mat eliminate static? I have my chair on a carpet, and last time I had a mat it made the static worse. Thanks
How much weight will this hold? I want to set a large laser printer on top.
what are dimensions? is this 8 inches deep?
Can you take it apart and change it around after you have put it together? I didn't get instructions so I'm sort of lost. Thanks!
Is there any reason I can't put the shelf with the drawers in the middle, put the one set for files on the bottom and add a solid piece to it?
Would this be sturdy enough to put a heat press on top? It's about 65 pounds, and would have to be moved around frequently.
Can the shelves be installed upside down so they're solid bottomed with no lip?
Can you change the overall height of the cart without taking off the wheels? Are the corner legs changeable in height or stuck at the show length?
How tall is the shelf including the pole extension but without the wheels? Thanks!
What is the diameter of the poles?
Does the 15.25" W is from the edge of the tubes or from the wires ?
My pen has a cartridge Hausen bill 707 sf. Will this777 fit?
my current Hauser 777sf refill has the pen spring attached to it, it appears? None of these compatible Hauser 777 refills have it?
I need a Hauser bill 707 sf pen refill, would this 777 fit?
my current refill is for Hauser bill 7o7SF. Will this refill fit my pen?
I have a pen with a cartridge marked "hauser bill 707 sf" will this refill work in this pen?
Is the Hauser 777 rollerball refills the same as the Hauser 7o7.
Will this replace the Schmidt Rolling Silver 5123? It looks similar but I'd like a confirmation if possible.
Is this the schmidt 888f non-dry safety ceramic roller? the refill that we currently have has the number 303 on it. is this the same one?
Will this work to replace Hauser 707SF?
Is this item the same as the 888f rollerball pen refill?
Will this replace a Hauser 777sf
Will this fit Schmidt 5126
I have an LV writing pen. the refill says louis vuitton F on it. will these refills work?
Foes tis fit a bettoni by Logomark pen. The refill says K6 but I can't find any K6 in the search?
I saw 2 different prices for ink refills (6 Pak-Black) for Schmidt Safety Rollerball Pen Refill. What is the price for this 6 Pak ? Thank you.
what does this measure in length? tip to tip?
Good evening will your refills fit cross tech 3+
do you have these refills in stock or do we have to wait to have them shipped from china?
Will these work as a replacement for ISO 12757-2 ink cartridges? They look to have very similar dimensions.
I see two different images of the product from my iPad and computer. Do the refills have silver tips?
Compare to schmidt mine 635m, same length and diameter? Want to use it with Swarovski Crystal pen
I have a micro pen that is a Foray and it says that it is a 0.8 mm for ink and also a 1.4 mm highlighter Will your refills fit my pen ???
What is the diameter of the refill. I have a Hauser mini 2.38mm by 67 mm. Will this fit?
Header says these are a 6 pack but the description says these are a 5 pack. Which is correct?
What is the purpose of the little black cap at the end of the refill and why don't these refills have them?
I have a 1966 Sears Citation 2 manual and a Bradford manual, both with 2" spools. Do you know if this ribbon will work for either or both machines?
Will this work on my Adler Tippa?
What is the diameter on this item? My Smith Corona XT takes a 1.5" and I can only find 2".
I have a "Corona" typewriter, Model # 3C243181, is this the correct ribbon for this model?
i have two olivetti type writers one is a underwood studio 45 an the other is a lettera 32 will these ribbons fit mine ?
Will this ribbon fit an older Royal Master Deluxe electric typewriter?
I just bought a Smith Clorona portable tyhpewriter: 3LRV208013 Model 3L at a thrift shop, appears new condition. Will this ribbon fit my typewriter
Will this fit a Smith Corona Galaxie XII?
will this work on my OLMPIA manual typewriter ?
I have an Olypmia Werke AG Wilhelmshaven typewriter and I am trying to find an ink ribbon for it. Would this fit it or do I need to try something else
what are the measurements ?
Did anyone keep the assembly directions? My order came with no assembly directions!! Design Toscano was no help as they have no record of my order. Of course they don't, it was ordered from Amazon!
Are the shelves really made of particle board as stated in one review?
Does the tone of the wood finish match the picture? It looks like a mahogany finish to me.
How much weight can the shelves safely hold? Would a printer be OK?
Is this pen good for touching up white wood furniture? I have a white bedroom set that needs touching up.
will this cover and stay on discolored grout on the tile floor?
Can I use the pen on the lettering on my truck tires?
Can I use this on interior painted walls? I want to cover one of my bedroom walls with song lyrics...
Will this work over dried oil paints?
How long does it take to dry?
can I use this to mark clothing?
How does it look on colored cardstock paper? Will it show up on lavender or teal?
Is this the water based version?
Thinking of using this to put numbers on small chalkboards for wedding reception. Will that work? Any other suggestions?
basket size?
In which country is this shredder made?
does it jam
How does it do with junk mail credit card offers? Can I just throw in the whole envelope without opening it up?
Does this model have an auto start feature?
How long is cord?
Will it shred cardboard?
How long did your last? Mine stopped working after 3 years and 4 months purchased on 8/13/2011. It was only used once a week for my weekly small stack of papers to shred.
Does this unit have auto shut off for cool down?
What are the dimensions at the base?
Are these genuine HP products or refilled cartridges?
goodnight friend could tell me if I used these cartridges for a hp photosmart C4200? THANKS IN ADVANCE
goodnight friend could tell me if I used these cartridges for a hp photosmart C4200? THANKS IN ADVANCE
I don't think mine works. Are you suppose to activate it somehow?
What kind of erasers does this pencil take and where can you find the erasers for sale?
Some reviewers said their pencil was made in China, are the ones being sold now made in Japan?
How much of a single stick of lead does the pencil use? How short is it before the pencil can no longer grip the lead?
how do you put a new lead inside the pencil?
Anyone know if the lead is suitable for use on a scantron that requires #2 pencils to be used? Thanks :)
Hello All, Love this pencil, however, I wish it had a top to cover the lead..Does anyone have an idea as to where I might find one?
Weird, I got a Pilot G-2 gel pen in the sealed package with the lead/eraser - anyone else???
When buying the double pack. Amazon shows (2) Separate packages however the description implies (1) package of 2 pencils. Which is it?
How do I stop the lead from going in when I put the pencil on the paper? I changed the lead, but it didn't help. It won't write.
Compatibility with NetStamps AKA Stamps.com? Conflicting answers. This is 6x24 per page matrix, compared to NetStamps' 5x5 or 8x3 matrices. Clarify?
I am confused about how this works.. how do you pay for the actual value of the stamp?
Can I print whatever stamps I want? I make props for prop postcards (not for real mailing). Can I use this to print whatever pictures I want?
Can I print multiple sheets of stamps?
what is the size for one label?
postage doesnt print correctly on the sheet?
Can I use these with stamps.com? Are they compatible with NetStamps Labels?
do ink cartridges dry up?
does this fax machine come with an ink cartridge or do I have to buy with it?
Does this machine prints in color?
Does this fax machine give a confirmation?
Does this fax machine print? For example, if someone is sending me a fax from another location
Can this be set-up for fax forwarding to email?
What type of ink - what #?
can you hook this model to a computer
Can it be programed to use with an external answering machine?
do you just need one phone line? also, does the machine know the difference between a fax and a phone call coming in?
Does the cap fit on the pen when you are writing with it?
can be shipping to Hongkong?
Does this pen come with the Mont Blanc original manufacturer's guarantee?
What is the difference between La Grand and the Classique model?
does it come in a box?
what is the size of the rollerball
Does it come packaged in the Mont Blanc boxes like it does from the Mont Blanc store
MAC: Is this Product compatible with MAC OS X?
is the laser red or green
Does this work with Google Presentations?
Does it work with Ipad air and keynote app?
Will this work with a macbook air?
Does this work with windows 7
Will it advance pages in an Acrobat pdf file?
WHAT'S THE PACKAGE?
does it have a blackout feature?
Where can I buy the wooden display case that is mentioned in the Manufacturer's description?
I have not read Harry Potter, but my grandchildren have. What is the purpose of this map? What age group would appreciate it?
does this map have names on it corridors rooms ect
Is this map just like the one they sell at Universal Studios?
This maps can interact with the wand?!
do you ship to Tychy, Poland?
do you ship to stockholm , sweden?
This maps can interact with the wand?!
do you ship india?
This maps can interact with the wand?!
Can we get confirmed dimensions of this cart please. Don't know why Amazon doesn't have it listed in the description.
Are the dimensions listed for this item correct? Is the 6.7 inch deep dimension correct?
Is this cart black or chrome? It shows chrome, but is calling it black.
What is the distance between the bottom and middle shelf? And is the middle shelf adjustable? THANK YOU!
Are you able to use the cart without the wheels?
Love this cart and the positive reviews. I was actually looking for a cart that folds. I get the feeling this doesn't. Can someone confirm please?
What is the weight capacity? I am looking for something to put a professional convection oven on.
Are the shelve liners included?
what is the capacity of the wire rolling cart
Why is this smaller cart nearly twice the price of the larger cart? Here is a link to the larger cart and I can't figure out why I am paying 99 for the smaller if the larger one is 56. http://www.amazon.com/Alera-3-Tier-Ro...
are there hooks in the back to hang this? what is the hanging system and how does it work?
I want to hang this board in portrait mode versus the landscape mode shown in photo. Is the tray on the bottom attached or come separate?
What's the outer-most physical width? 72" from edge to edge? I have a wall but only 72" wide, not more. Some 72" boards have physical width of 77".
does this have dura max porcelain?
Is this board magnetic?
Is it still compatible with Skype now (July 2014) that we were forced to update the software on Windows an iOS?
Could i use this as a regular phone as well or is it only for skype
I am a home user. I plugged this phone to my router. how can get a real phone number and make a outbound call
is this phone still compatible with Skype (Jan 2015)?
Can I do skype messaging? Send and receive email on this phone with picture and video attachments?
Works wireless (WIfi)...or need to be plugged to internet router?
I want to use this for a door/room intercom with asterisk, will this work with ip camera system showing the video feed
Is this the GXV3140v2, or is it an earlier version?
wifi
Can I use the USA version and a Skype number when I am in Mexico to make and receive calls to and from land lines?
I would like to purchase a spare ink converter. Which waterman ink converter should I buy for this pen? Thanks in advance for your help.
After the first cartridge, no others work. Have tried cleaningthe nib with water,butto no avail. Open the body and the interior is filled with ink. Any help?
Is there a conversion kit available? I would prefer tobe able to fill with bottled ink.
A Workforce 30 printer, these cartridges will work?
Will this work for the Epson Workforce 610?
is there an expiration date or use by date on the product?
Why are my cartridges not in the box shown? Packed in a Ziploc bag instead. Are these refilled or off-brand cartridges???
what is the expiration date?
They are refillable cartridges? can be used with sublimation ink cups.
good morning Works with Epson Workforce 30?
Does this set include the two black cartridges pictured above?
will TO68520 work in NX215?
can you refill it and if you push too much lead out can you retract it-
Is this a pencil that can be use by an adult as well? Or is the size suited only for children?
does this come with an appropriate sharpener? or can it be sharpened with a regular sharpener?
I am left handed myself and i see no need for this pencil arent all pencils universal they are just cylinders so what is the purpose of this?
Does the cabinet come with lateral rails inside for hanging file folders?
Do the files hang front to back or side to side?
Can the drawers be removed to more easily move the file cabinet up the stairs to the second floor?
do the drawers have bottoms in them for other storage besides file folders? such as clothing or containers?
Is this a metal or a wood cabinet?
Is delivery made to your door? Elevator building. I am on 6th floor. Please advise
Does the cabinet come assembled? TIA for any information on this.
letter size
Can rails be adjusted for ledger size?
Can I Get Casters Put On The Bottom?
Does the cabinet come with lateral rails inside for hanging file folders?
Do the files hang front to back or side to side?
Can the drawers be removed to more easily move the file cabinet up the stairs to the second floor?
do the drawers have bottoms in them for other storage besides file folders? such as clothing or containers?
Is this a metal or a wood cabinet?
Is delivery made to your door? Elevator building. I am on 6th floor. Please advise
Does the cabinet come assembled? TIA for any information on this.
letter size
Can rails be adjusted for ledger size?
Can I Get Casters Put On The Bottom?
Does the cabinet come with lateral rails inside for hanging file folders?
Do the files hang front to back or side to side?
Can the drawers be removed to more easily move the file cabinet up the stairs to the second floor?
do the drawers have bottoms in them for other storage besides file folders? such as clothing or containers?
Is this a metal or a wood cabinet?
Is delivery made to your door? Elevator building. I am on 6th floor. Please advise
Does the cabinet come assembled? TIA for any information on this.
letter size
Can rails be adjusted for ledger size?
Can I Get Casters Put On The Bottom?
Has anyone used these in their MFC-J615W printer?
Is this compatable with mfc 290c ?
Are these ink cartridges compatible with the Brother MFC-J270W printer?
Are these compatible with MFC-J475DW?
can this product use on MFC-J410W printer?
Is this compatible with the mfc j615w
is this compatible with mfc 5890cn
does this contain some black cartridges and is it compatible with brother printer mfc-j415w thank you
does it come with black
do they have a clear cover
hard or soft cover?
how many pages capacity?
all same color?
thickness
Dose the matt have a blue cast color to it? We're looking for one that's more neutral colored.
Does this chair mat help with static electricity?
Is this mat shipped flat or folded? Is it suitable for protecting carpet under a large litter box for cats?
good for oriental rug?
how thick is this matt?
what is the width of the lip???
how thick is the universal chair mat 56806?
thickness
Dose the matt have a blue cast color to it? We're looking for one that's more neutral colored.
Does this chair mat help with static electricity?
Is this mat shipped flat or folded? Is it suitable for protecting carpet under a large litter box for cats?
good for oriental rug?
how thick is this matt?
what is the width of the lip???
how thick is the universal chair mat 56806?
If I get a 36 x 48 size, is the area for feet area 11.3 ?
what is the picrure like when printing on cd?
what are the reviews of the continuous flow ink replacements
will this printer (epson artisan 50) work with windows 7?
what is the largest dimensions the printer will print?
What is the continuous ink supply system?
does this print on picture paper and can print out 8x10 5x7 4x6
How well does this printer do with primary colors compared to the Epson Stylus Photo R200, which it was designed to replace?
Professional looking CDs/DVDs print right onto ink jet printable CDs/DVDs BUT CAN IT PRINT A FULL FACE ONTO DVD
can i scan
I received this item and found written that it works on 120 ~ . my question is is it safe to connect it to our electricity which is 220 ? if the ans
Does the display read in KG as well? Is there a button for kilos?
Does it hold at the weight for easy reading
How much does the unit weigh?
Does the opening for the battery requires a screw driver?
is it easy to replace the battery? Do it let you know when the battery is low? How long will the battery last?
good friend; These cartridges are compatible with epson printer xp201
Are these refillable cartridges are full or empty? How many times can be recharged?
this product is compactible with epson xp201 printer
those inks work in a cx3700?
Do these come with ink or are they ment to be refilled
Do this 10 pack work for Epson XP-201?
These cartridges can be used in the XP -201 Epson ?
would this fit this laptop Dell Inspiron 15R 15.6-Inch? I just bought it and it is hurting my writs? Shall i get another laptop?
Do you have the dimesnions for the mouse pad/click area? I have an Asus laptop and want to be sure it will fit. Thanks.
I have a Dell Lattitude E6410 and would this fit?
Will it work for an HP laptop?
Would you ship to Toronto, Ontario? Thank you.
When is the Intelligels Laptop Computer Wrist Rest, going to be available?
My mouse pad is 4 1/2 in across &amp; 3 in tall. Bigger than your responses. Will it work with that size? Thanks!
What is the dimension of the pad to the left of the mousepad opening? Can it be trimmed if it hangs too far over the left edge of the laptop?
Will this printer print in black if I install only a black ink cartridge? Some printers require both cartridges to print anything. Thanks!
compatability with Windows 7: Does anyone know if it is?
How can i print photos, is there some secret? Wasted so much photo paper trying and get partially blank, not even usable photos, please help.
Where is da USB cable???!!!??
how do you replace the cartridge? hOW DO YOU REPLACE THE INK CARTRIDGE ?
How does linen paper turn out using this printer? Is it spot on or does it miss and streak because of the textured paper?
Anyone scanning to 64-bit Win7 apps via the Ethernet connection? Same question re. printing over the Ethernet connection. TIA
Any owners of this AIO running 64-bit Windows 7? I don't care if it's just basic printer and scan. TIA.
duplex printing?
Anyone have Windows 8 &amp; been able to fix this printer's problem of not printing out about every 3rd line of a document?
does it do more than print?
Will it print in black and white only?
How do I find a User Manual for my hp officejet 6000 printer?
can i use 3rd party labels if i'm NOT printing postage?
Is this the wireless version?
I already have extra spools that I use since I print several different labels. Are the spools like the standard spools in most label printers or not?
Does it come with labels? If so, how many?
does this this work with windows 8 OS
Can you still print stamps if you are using Stamps.com?
Can this print on regular thermal paper, like a register?
Is this printer compatible with OS X Yosemite?
Can I print with the Dymo from a laptop?
Anyone know if envelopes with one of these postage labels still goes through a meter, or is the postage already "cancelled" and thus forgo the meter?
Do you have to change the rolls between sizes or does it hold 2/3 size rolls inside and pulls the one you requested from software?
Does the DYMO LabelWriter 450 Turbo work with Mac OS 10.9 Maverick ?
Will it withstand freezing temperatures...need to add labels on frozen items
how do you create and print a barcode?
Hi, would I be able to print bar codes for inventory tracking? Thanks
Is this a Direct Thermal printer ?
Can I use this Dymo to print Amazon fulfillment labels?
Can it use other brand thermal labels, such as those from Zebra?
You indicate the Dymo 450 Turbo, "Prints on easy-peel, split-back D1 tape (1/4-, 3/8-, or 1/2-inch sizes)." Where does the tape cartridge go?
What size labels do i need for fba with the dymo turbo 450?
When printing barcodes..are you able to print a price and small description along with the barcode? Or is it just the barcode?
Will this print barcodes on Mini-Multi-purpose labels size = 1/2" x 1"
Can I print from Amazon.com purchased USPS shipping labels? i.e. I sold an item on Amazon. I can buy my postage and print the label.
What compatible label should I get for printing postage from Pay-Pal?
windows 7
windows 8
What type of ink do I need to buy for this? Please point me in the right direction!
Does the usb connection come with the printer?
does it work with os x 10.8.5
Does this come with cables?
Do the white chairs have white legs or grey? I can't tell from the picture
Is there one chair or 4?
Are There 800 chair or just 4 of them ?
Is everybody still satisfied with their purchase? Are they holding up? Is it just the pads or is it indeed the complete "armrest"? Thanks!
Why did the price go up? This was literally $68 less than a week ago. Glad I bought it before the price went up, I would never have paid $80 for it.
I have an older Aeron chair with plastic covering the arms. Will these replace them? They rotate outward &amp; have 2 screws on the bottom ~4" apart
Fixed arms, does that mean these will not fit the arms that rotate out?
How long is the arm rest for aeron chair?
I bought my Aeron chair without the arms completely. Does this item include both the screws, arms, and armrest covers needed to add arms to my chair?
IS THERE A LOGO ON THE BACK OF THE LABEL?
IS THERE A NAME ON THE BACK OF THESE LABELS
What software/template do you need to use these? Do they come with it?
Is there a border around each label that separates the 2 labels on the sheet? Or do the labels butt up against each other?
Is there an Avery label equivalent?
If I ordered a box today, what is the expiration date on the bottom of the box?
The Amazon description of this item is contradictory. Does this come with 12 cartridges or 10? Thanks!
does this work for Canon MX880 series
does this work with a canon MG7120?
Does the ink work with the Canon MP495?
Would you ship this item to Thailand?
I bought this toner 2 years back for HL-2140 but does not show up as compatible when i select the model. Can you confirm if this is compatible
How many pages does this cartridge print?
my brother MFC has a "replace toner message" since inserting the cartridge. How do I fix this?
how large is the frame
Are there corks included in the kit, or do you have to purchase them separately?
What are the dimensions of this board?
How big is this board??
What are the dimensions of the board?
Does it work with Mac OS?...does it work with iPhone 5s?
Can I use this speakerphone with IMAC 27" widesccreen i5 processor?
Can you use it in the car?
Can I use with any aplication like gotomeeting ,webex , skype? . Is it compatibility with windows 7, 8,8.1?
Do you have to print on each of the parts indivually or can you run it through the printer once and it prints on both sets at once
You're supposed to write on the white and it transfers to the yellow, correct? Why is it not working?
Can anyone tell me if you can print on both sides of the papers? I would like to put terms and conditions on the non-copy side. Possible?
We need to be able to write with a pen on the coated back of the top (white) copy. Is there a special pen? Ballpoint and Sharpie don't work well.
If I print an image (think coloring book page) onto the top page then place it on an object &amp; trace with a ball point pen, will it show up?
whats the difference between the 5887 and the 0395?
What type of glue is best to you for this ?
Can you use a laser printer?
Can I print on both sides and only have the carbon come through on one side ?
will this work with an inkjet printer?
is there something wrong with this item? is it brand new?
Does the new scanner have a warranty included?
Can this scanner handle receipts, like the receipts printed out by cash registers?
Does this scanner work on a Windows 7 32-bit operating System?
Hello, we are from Argentina. We wanted to know if you could send it here and if we could pay you by wire transfer. Thank you.
canon M160
What supporting software do you supply with the scanner?
Has anyone tried putting through stuffed envelopes through the straight paper path?
Can you help me? this is working with Power Voltage 220V ? or only work 110V only.
the voltage of the scanner is 220 Volts?
Is it a 3" diameter core
Does each roll have 1500' or is that the total length? Thanks
THis is like an Industrial strength Saran wrap right?
can I cut this and use it for wrapping and sealing hand made lotion bars?
There are 2 descriptions on this. Is it 1200' or 1500'?
26$ its for 4 rolls?
Can I wrap books with this? Like if i'm shipping books can i wrap them up so they don't get damaged/ look newer.
The main description says "Four (4) Stretch Wrap 18" x 1500' 80 Gauge" but also says "Four (4) Stretch Wrap 18" x 1200' 80 Gauge". Which one is it?
Is this equivalent to 8 mills?
Hi .Is this 2 layered so I can slip in and shrink wrap books with a heat gun or is it a pallet wrap only.Early reply appreciated
Do you send a form in order to get the information on the stamp?
Can I change the size of the font? Example I want 2 words at say size 14 in red ink.
Do you have to do yourself the text (example: return address) to be placed in the rubber stamp?
Can this be good for a signature stamp?
What is the character limit per line?
I want to use the stamp to put my kids names in their clothing. Does the stamp come with indelible ink?
Are there font options?
How can I write my own text on this stamp? they don't show here at the product description
How do you enter the verbiage?
custom: There was no place to put the info wanted on the stamp??
Does it come complete with the double sided ink pad and ink for $4.94?
How many characters can a line fits? I need this for return address and I need 28 characters (already including spaces) for my first line ?
What is the font on this?
What are my font choices?
I went ahead and ordered this stamp....and no where have I been asked yet about the lettering much less ink color. How are they supposed to make it?
Will it work on wood. Making a giant jenga set for wedding gift and need to personalize
Is this stamper good for using on clothes (sometimes directly on the clothing but usually on the tag)? Will it bleed or fade when the clothing is washed?
Just wanted to be sure, this will work for stamping the back of check, correct?
how long does ink last? Is it refillable?
Is the $37.57 model cordless?
What is the diameter of the eraser?
How long do batteries last?
Is the $37.57 model cordless?
Can MP490 print photos from slides?
Why a phone line? Can this be used with an Intel Pentium.
Does it have fax capability
how to replace the ink cartridge?
I can"t fained ink in my printer
how is wireless set up on this model?
is this printer wifi?
windows 7 compatibility: Is this compatible with windows 7 without a big driver download hassle?
Do You Have to Use the Color Cartridge: Does this printer function just with the B&amp; W in there or does it feed off of the color too?
I can not get this printer? to print a document from my MAC?? Is it JUST for photo printing (it was given to me and I can not get the manual for MAC??
Does this work with a Senseo Supreme Model SL7832 (Sara Lee)? It looks just like the one in the picture but the model numbers are different. My guess is that the model number differences has to do with the different manufacturers making the same basic...
I HAVE A SENSEO HD7832--WILL THIS WORK ON MINE?
Will this product work with the Black &amp; Decker HC100?
36 by what??
Does this table roll satisfactorily on carpet? I need a table that I can move around easily. Thanks
It is easy to adjust the table?
Is the top of the table white? It is hard to tell from the picture.
Is it easy to take apart and take with you? WHat is the weight?
How thck is the table top? We need to add a clamp that needs at least an inch thick surface to tighten/clamp on to
Is this table strong enough to hold a printer?
HOw does this table adjust? is it pneumatic
is it possible to adjust the table to 25" high?
Does anyone think the levelers could be removed and casters added?
Hi, are these original HP inks or refilled compatible inks?
What is the expiration date?
Are these original OEM HP #74XL cartridges in retail packaging and what is the expiration date
What wood is the stool constructed with?
Can someone confirm that the seat dimensions are 9" deep (and not the legs)? I need a stool where the legs are at most 11" wide.
Do you think this is unfinished so that I could stain or chalk paint it myself to the color desired?
I work at a stand-up desk; looking for something to rest my butt on occasionally. Would this work? What are the "saddle seat" dimensions?
How much weight will it hold?
Is this stool 18 inches high (or wide)?
how deep is this stool from the front legs to the back legs at the bottom of the stool? or how deep is the stool at its deepest part?
Can anyone tell me if the 24" or the 29" is best for a 35" (to the bottom) counter? Also, is the 24" to the center and the ends are higher? Thanks,
Weight limit?
Can anyone tell me what the dimensions of the feet of the stool (legs) are? This stool will be on a slated floor and I want to make sure it will be stable and not fall into the spaces. Thanks!
What wood is the stool constructed with?
Can someone confirm that the seat dimensions are 9" deep (and not the legs)? I need a stool where the legs are at most 11" wide.
Do you think this is unfinished so that I could stain or chalk paint it myself to the color desired?
I work at a stand-up desk; looking for something to rest my butt on occasionally. Would this work? What are the "saddle seat" dimensions?
How much weight will it hold?
Is this stool 18 inches high (or wide)?
how deep is this stool from the front legs to the back legs at the bottom of the stool? or how deep is the stool at its deepest part?
Can anyone tell me if the 24" or the 29" is best for a 35" (to the bottom) counter? Also, is the 24" to the center and the ends are higher? Thanks,
Weight limit?
Can anyone tell me what the dimensions of the feet of the stool (legs) are? This stool will be on a slated floor and I want to make sure it will be stable and not fall into the spaces. Thanks!
How wide is this at the base?
How much weight will the stool hold?
If I am not happy with my order, can return I it?
what is the size of the round seat of the 18 inch stool?
what is the width across the bottom of stool?
For those of you who had problems, how was the customer service? For others, is it holding up well still?
What kind of wood is it, and will it stain like oak?
What wood is the stool constructed with?
Can someone confirm that the seat dimensions are 9" deep (and not the legs)? I need a stool where the legs are at most 11" wide.
Do you think this is unfinished so that I could stain or chalk paint it myself to the color desired?
I work at a stand-up desk; looking for something to rest my butt on occasionally. Would this work? What are the "saddle seat" dimensions?
How much weight will it hold?
Is this stool 18 inches high (or wide)?
how deep is this stool from the front legs to the back legs at the bottom of the stool? or how deep is the stool at its deepest part?
Can anyone tell me if the 24" or the 29" is best for a 35" (to the bottom) counter? Also, is the 24" to the center and the ends are higher? Thanks,
Weight limit?
Can anyone tell me what the dimensions of the feet of the stool (legs) are? This stool will be on a slated floor and I want to make sure it will be stable and not fall into the spaces. Thanks!
Not having used for pictures-do you get paper the size of the picture or get 8x10 for many pic's?
Will this work with an Epson stylus cx 48 printer ?
Do Epson Photo papers have logo or other printing on the back? Looking for blank-back photo paper with no Logo!
just got the paper but it measures 8x6 as it does not fit in the 5.x7 photo frames. is that normal that the paper is 1 inch bigger each side ??
The paper select menue for my Epson R2000 printer does show an option for Ultra Premium Photo Paper Glossy?
Is this paper thick enough to be used for cards/invitations?
Is the ultra premium a lot better than the regular premium?
Why can't I check out with Epson Ultra Premium Photo Paper GLOSSY (5x7 Inches, 20 Sheets) (S041945) by Epson
Just purchased 4 Epson Ultra Premium Photo Paper (S041945) and 1 8x10 paper my printer is a Artisan not ink jet printer how do I send this back?
Is this compatable with AT&amp;T CL84209
are the charges included with these handsets?
Is this compatable with AT&amp;T CL81219
Adding this on to an existing ATT DECT 6 phone system: Can I add this set of three handsets to an existing EL52400 system?
Is this a regular calculator as well, the reasons for the divide, times, plus &amp; subtract symbols? If not, what do you use the symbols for?
For cents do you always have to enter decimal (.) symbol before entering the cents?
How do you restart it? I put in the wrong number so my balance is all wrong.
Is this an 8 or 10 digit calculator? Thanks.
Can track &amp; review up to 100 charges - how do you reset (clear) so you can start over with another 100 entries?
Do these cartridges have similar lifespan (short) to Canon brand? They work well in my MX870 but do run out quickly. Might try Canon to compare.
I have Canon Pixma MG3520 using 240XL Black Ink and 241 XL Red Ink. Will these cartridges work ?
could you Find MG5420 inks?
hi i have a canon pixma MP560 i need all the colors that go in there, its a 221 would all of the colors be compatible?
I can't find light magenta and cyan for my Canon printer. Any suggestions?
will these work for pixma MG5310 ?
Will this work with my Cannon MX459 ?
Can CLI-220/221 cartridges be used with the Canon Pixma 922?
Will these work on a pixma mx700 printer
Does this set include the PGBK cartridge? For Canon mx922?
Does the handset have a ringer too?
I purchased this phone today on Clearance, there are no directions in box.....help!!/????
I already have an operating base and satellite phones in the house but it does not allow for enough phones Can I use a 2nd system simultaneously?
WHAT IS THE SHELF LIFE OF THIS INK ?
Is this set good for HP Officejet print 8500 (HP ink cartridge 940, 940XL) and 9500 series?
Will refilling work if the cartridge has been empty (dry) for a while?
Does it work in cartrige662 printer hp deskjet 2546 ?
what are the colors
Will this HP ink work in a Canon printer?
I wonder if this ink I used to reload a cart
Will this ink set work in a hp deskjet 3510 printer which uses 61 ink catridges
Will these ink work on HP 3050 that has #61 cartridge?
how to refill the cartridges with this ink
Does the backing have to be put on for structural integrity or looks, cables for all the peripherals I have to attach are easier to manage w open back
Can the middle shelves be left off to fit a larger monitor?
The pictures make this look almost beat up rather than just distressed. Is it severely distressed? I would prefer a solid black, but I don't see that
is it wood or mdf?
Can anyone advise the exact dimensions of the monitor area without the side cubbies? I have a 24" iMac that measures 20.5 tall and 22.25 wide.
Is it possible to remove the cubbies so my monitor will fit?
Does it have a latch. Can i lock the doors
Does it have a latch. Can i lock the doors
Does it have a latch. Can i lock the doors
Does it have a latch. Can i lock the doors
Are these letters reusable? Or one time use?
how big are each letters?
How many sheets of the letters are included in the pack?
When you take the stickers off of the backing are they entirely black or do that have a white border?
Is the line cord attached?
does this phone require an electrical power source?
Is depth dimension including handset at 2.8"? Are other dimensions accurate. I need phone with low profile for wall.
Can the phone line be removed from the phone or is it bulit in?
can the ringer be turned off?
are the buttons made of plastic or rubber?
Does it require any batteries? Does it flash?
is this wall mountable
Does this phone have voicemail capacity? And if so - how does one check their messages?
will this phone be able to hang on the wall?
I know it says it is a desktop phone, but does it have the capacity to be wall mounted?
Does it come with the cords or do I need to purchase them?
Does it have a "headset" jack?
Buy handsets? Can I buy 2 Handsets?
Has anyone ever bought/used a headset with this phone? If so, I could use some suggestions as to which one works best.
Can you mute / turn off the ring of a one call at a time? Specifically, you have the ring turned on. You can't pick up, but you need to mute the ring.
is it audible caller id or text only?
Even those it shows the right date and time when the phone rings it records the calls with the wrong date and time
Do you connect a land line to the 1380BK?
Is this an analog phone?
I am interested in mounting this phone to the wall. Will the receiver hang up easily when mounted?
will this phone work plugged into majic-jack and a computer? What keeps it charged?
Does this phone have a headset port?
Does it offer a telephone cable to plug into the wall?
Is it made in the USA?
works in Venezuela
Does this have a lighted keypad?
Can the cable be detached from the phone?
could I plug a headset into this phone?
wall mount
What is the weight limit on these barstools? 250 lbs? 300 lbs?
Can the set be taken off and covered with a different material?
are these stools sturdy and well made; how much weight can it hold
How are these stools on a wood floor, do they scratch them up?
What is the seat height for the bar stool?
The back is not padded. How comfortable are they when you rest back against the metal?
how wide is the actual seat portion of the stool. Is it completely round?
is the pewter like a stainless steel color?
what's the seat height for the counter stool?
How well do these stools hold up?
How do I change the ink roller on a Canon calculater CP-13
is it black/red
is the Cp-13 compatible with Canon P1-DHlll
Will the I get an error message when its out of ink and not allow me to print?
Will it fit a Canon P170-DH?
is compatible with canon p27-dh?
how many cartridges in package
will this ink roller fit my canon p27dh it looks the same, but I want to be sure thank you
how do I change the ink roller on Canon calculator P170-DH?
I have a draft coming from the side of my door, could I just put these on the side as well?
Does this work for garage doors?
Can it be used on either side of the door (inside or outside).
Can this product be used on an external door?
My always-smoking neighbors in my apartment building are killing me. Does it stop cigarette smoke?
I have a terrible problem with cave crickets coming through my basement pantry door.. Will this product help prevent this?
Does the package contain 4 complete door sweeps? That is, enough for 4 separate doors?
How much of a gap between door/floor will these door sweeps cover?
Would this keep mice out? Is it sturdy so a mouse couldn't push past it?
how high does ti cover from the floor to the door?
Is there a headset jack on base unit?
Does this phone keep a call log of all outgoing and incoming calls? If so, for how long or for how many calls?
Does anyone know of a manufactuer that makes a good-old-fashioned phone? Someone out there (in the USA), needs to make a good basic phone...like in the good ole' days...
Is there a way to set up music or a recording when placing someone on hold instead of the beep? Thanks.
Can I transfer calls between multiple base units?
which earpiece goes with the system?
Can I forward calls from this phone?
Can I set up the answer machine so I cannot hear the outgoing message and incoming message when they are happening?
How do I initiate conference calls? Do I need both lines active to manage conference calls?
On incoming calls, we have a hard time hearing our customers...can we increase the volume for the ear piece??
Does the machine print an incoming/outgoing call list after 35 calls?
Why does this machine need a "replacement ribbon" I have the earlier model---probably 20 years old--that has not needed any replacement ribbon.
Does this model have speaker phone capability?
Does this machine require a distinctive ring from your phone provider to differentiate a call from a fax ?
Is this a digital fax machine
Can the answering machine be disabled since I have voicemail thru AT&amp;T ???
machine came w/film that had WHITE rollers that held it though pics show blue and white. SEPARATELY, I have a smaller BLUE roller (024801102B). Why?
Can I send Overseas faxes by only entering the number and pressing Start?
Are there 2 voice mailboxes on the answering machine?
What does max. 18 greeting capacity mean... Can only record 18 greetings and then it's ready to throw out? Takes me a while to settle on a greeting
does it have a spell corrector?
what batteries does it use?
To turn on after placing newly bought batteries in, shouldn't the screen change or something after hitting the power button? Hi---I hit the power button, nothing happens. the screen remains the same with "speak verb, spoke; spo-ken;" etc. I have hit...
Games is not shown on the menu or what the 5 games are &amp; if anagrams is one of them?
why this dictionary is comparativewly cheaper? Identical dictionaries are available at a higher price.
How many words?
Can I translate from Spanish to Mandarin
does it translate other language like french
Can I speek to the Dictionary to get results
Can it be a calculator?
How can I get more Plastic Sheaths for the photos?
why after scanning my pictures the card shows no image? i have double checked everything, can you give me a clue?
I would like to know where we could get additional sheathe also. Our photos were in albums that had a sticky backing, don't want this in the scanner.
How long does it take to scan a single 4"x 6" image?
Can this be used to scan and import business cards into outlook?
Can anyone check what type the male plug for the DC adapter is? Lost mine and have no DC adapters that match.
negative scans
I do not have an ipad , just a laptop , I want to convert 4x5 negatives to positives
mac compatable
Can they be stacked on their sides, with the opening facing outward? Like a wall of storage for toys, books, etc?
what are the dimensions of this item
Do these hold handing folders? If so, can you still stack them with the folders?
I want to use them in my classroom for my kids to sit on (after i make cushions for the top of course).. will they be sturdy for 3rd graders?
Can you stack them?
Looking to store paperbacks and stack three or four high. I don't need them to look perfect, only not break down when stacked. Recommend?
How do these crates hold up in sun, heat and cold? I would like to put them outside during winter and summer exposed to the sun
Is this item $24 for the 6-pack? Or $24 per crate?
How much weight can it hold ? I need them to put dinner plates in.
Do these containers have a lip on the inside where you could make a lid for the top with a peice of plywood? To make a top for children to sit on.
Having problems registering the new hand sets with previous base. Suggestions? Thanks
what is the range of this phone from the base?
I got yes as well as no to "does this handset come with belt clip?" Please advise.
Does this come with the cradle and charger?
This phone is behaving as if its stuck on mute, anyone know how to get it to function?
How do I turn the beeping off?
Does it come with belt clip?
I currently have handset model H5250RE1-A, will this handset work with my existing system?
I was locked out of getting my messages. It says to call my group administrator to fix that. I can't get messages and can't find a number for adminis
is this for all weather and cover s up nice runners carpet runners and welcome mats? as soon as you walk in my place there is carpeting..
I just want to use this under counter/bar stools , over the carpet when my grandsons are over, then remove when they go home. Will it work for that?
Are these clear for example will the rug show thru nicely?
What is the size of this?
Can this material be easily cut? I need it to be 4 feet, not 6 feet long.
Does anyone know if this is PVC free?
Is this product made in the USA
Doesn't the strength of this all depend on your door knob and door strength? Seems you need a solid metal door and a heavy duty door knob.
Is this easy to take off the door in case of fire?
Has anyone had damage to their door knob when testing this device?
Would it work on a cement floor, or tile?( stick on kind) If you have used for it for either floor, would you please tell me how was your experience?
the door knob is 32 1/1 inches from the floor. Will this product work?
what tools do you need to install buddybar?
how much force/weight is this rated to withstand?
Can it be used on a door that has oak hard wood floors by it ??
Will the Buddy Bar work on a door with a LEVER HANDLE--or does it have to be a round doorknob??
We have a standard metal door with a foam core. Can this compromise the protection this jamb offers?
does it come with the first set of full ink?
I need a large format printer to produce very high quality prints (giclee) to sell. Is this printer capable of that?
It the plotter network ready? Does it need any other components or parts to be connected to our office network?
Which Roll Paper will be fit ? " x 150' or 300'
does this have a 2 year warranty?
Does the purchase price include the base &amp; 'basket' ?
Do you sell the ink and paper?
Will this printer work with Windows 7 64bit?
Is this offered brand new or used?
I'm buying the Master Ruled 8.75 x 12.5 inch. What is the # of lines on each page? Is there more or less writable area than an 8.5 x 11 college rule
Have you owned the Moleskine A4 notebook? Can you compare it with this one?
Will this notebook be capable of handling fountain pens? Is there any bleed-through?
Is the Master Notebook hard or soft cover?
Does this notebook feature a lay-flat design?
how high is the table top?
How big is the table from side to side?
What are the deminisions of the work area?
HOW MANY POUNDS CAN THE DESKTOP SUPPORT?
The seller claims "50000 pages," which seems implausible, as the original Brother ribbon claims 50000 characters. Could anyone comment?
how do you replace a new correctable film ribbon
How many ribbons are in this pack 1 or 2? thank you
Hello, we have a Brother Ax-350 electronic typewriter. Does this ribbon work for this model? If not, is there a replacement ribbon available?
What is the height range from the floor to the bottom of the seat; minimum and maximum? Sorry if this sounds like a repeat but I wasn't sure.
What is the warranty?
Could the arms be left off of the chair when building it? I may not want to use them.
i am having trouble fitting footring with the seat post. is the plastic liner within the footring supposed to slip over the seat post?
Are the arms non-marking?
Is the foot ring adjustable in height separately from the seat height? Does it properly stay fixed in place once its height is set?
Does the seat back recline or flex?
Anyone have any tips for getting the back rest to stay up? There isn't any screw or knobs to do this.
Can the foot ring be left off when assembling?
Is the seat bottom made of leather?
Does the power adapter go from 110v to 240v?
Does it have caller ID?
Does it have a power adapter to plug it into the wall?
What size and how many batteries are required?
Hello, is the phone you are selling Clarity XL40D or XL40A? If you have the XL40D in stock please let me know. Thank you!
Does it have speaker phone?
what is the max number of db it will increase the volume by?
Is it hearing aid compatible?
Is the front of the chair adjustable, so the front seat doesn't tip down? I'm sliding off of my current chair.
The regular AirGrid drafting chair is supposedly 33" maximum adjusted height. Why is this one only 27-3/4" ?? I need the full 33" or it won't work.
are arms available for this chair?
What is the minimum seat height for this chair?
Country of Manufacture
Is there a way to turn the ringer off ? I only want this for emergency calls (outgoing) .
What colors does it come in
Is this phone a wall mount model
How do you turn ringer off?
My phone jack is on the floor - can this model be used or does it plug directly into a wall jack
I own a welding shop. It can get noisy in the work area where I want to install this phone. Do you think the volume of the speaker are good enough?
The black on my CIS System for an Artisan 810 has suddenly stopped working. Any suggestions?
I've currently got a CISS system with another maker's ink (similar ISO) can I mix the two inks? Thats what will happen when I add new ink.
can you use cartridges that came with epson artisan 730 or do you need refillable cartridges?
how to buy each color?
I have an EPSON L800 in Costa Rica it's also a 6 color system and I have the CIS but never bought ink in US. Is this ink good for my L800. Waht's the
Package arrived, is different than the Amazon listing and shows it's only compatible with Artisan 730/837. Is it still safe to proceed? I have a 710.
Do you need a special cartridge or can you use the cartridge you purchase from a store?
Can I choose specific colors I need?
Will this ink refill set work for Epson Artisan 835 ink cartridges? Thanks.
How many 8x10 prints can you print before refilling?
Will this ink work with the Epson wf2540 printer?
Are the ink colors accurate or are the slightly off color?
How can use?
this ink is for propalcote paper? I have an epson 1430 for propalcote
Does this ink work well with heat transfers and going threw the wash ?
where does this ship from?
i just would like to buy the black ink can you sell me the black one only. i have been buying them from you for a long time and only need the black ib
can you use on direct t- shirt printer machine
Will this ink work with the Epson wf2540 printer?
Has anyone used this for automotive airbrush art?
will this ribbon work with a Remington Rand Deluxe Model 5
Is this considered half-inch ribbon? I have a Remington 11 - It requires half-inch ribbon and ribbon model number B100.
will it work on a remington noisless seven?
will this fit a remington 1035 streamline portable typewriter and if not do they still make them. thank you
Will this fit a Remington Ten Forty typewriter?
will this work on an old Remington eleven quiet typewriter??
Will this work w/ Remmington Model Two from circa 1926? Thanks!
Will this ribbon fit a Remington Graduate?
Will this ribbon fit a Remington Ten Forty? I think my model is from 1972.
Will this ribbon work on a 1962 Remington Rand Fleetwing Portable?
How is the sound quality/volume when using the speaker on the base unit? The Panasonic unit I have now is terrible in this regard. Thanks.
does this phone system require a splitter in order for the two lines to work?
Does this tell you which line is calling in? I don't see such from the pic here.
To be clear: the cordless handset has a port for a headset? Or is it on the base?
Is there a privacy setting so that if one person is on line 1, someone cannot accidentally pick up and listen on line 1?
Can I use two bases with the same 2 lines?
Can the answering machine function be shut off? While I'm asking, can the ringers be shut off as well?
Is there a "speaker" phone ability on the base, do not see a button for it..
what is the range of the hand set from base?
Does it have a speaker phone on base ?
Hi, I have a 1922 Remington model 12. Would this ribbon work on this typewriter?
Will this fit a Remington QUIET-RITER? If not, can I wind the ribbon on the old spools?
Will this fit a Remington Rand Model 7?
Does this fit a Remington streamliner?
Remington riter deluxe what size ribbon needed ?
Does this fit a Remington Ten Forty typewriter?
Will this ribbon fit the Remington Rem-Riter (made in Holland)?
will this fit a remington model 17?
What ribbon will fit a Remington Rand Streamliner?
WIll this fit a Remington Monarch 3 typewriter?
Here on Amazon this cart is listed as being 61 in &#157;x 45.7 in &#157;x 42 in&#157;. For a cart that is HUGE. Is this accurate or are we being misled?
What is the weight capacity?
Does the door stay open without you holding it open? Thank you.
Top surface appears textured. If top is textured can you remove it? I need smooth surface to stick something to it.
I want to use this cart as a stereo rack and store LP's in the storage space. Is the storage space suitable for LP's? The dimensions look right. Th
Would this hold a Full size PC tower about 60lbs?
Will 19" rack mount electronics fit inside the locked portion of the cabinet?
Does it scan 2 sides of the card?
Does it read the data from the magnetic strip on the back of the insurance card?
Business cards are not plastic. Have you used this product to scan, store and retrieve business cards? Thanks in advance for your help. Alvaro
Does it come with the cable, or do we have to purchase it separately?
Does it support 220v?
compatible with macs?
About how many card sides can scanner scan in a minute? We are looking for a faster rmethod to scan ID cards than our flatbed MFP
Will the scanned business card be able to easily create a contact in Outlook?
Does it scan in color?
Will this work with Windows 7 OS?
I have a Smith-Corona Golden Shield manual typewriter. Where can I get ink ribbon for it?
will this ribbon fit Smith Corona Coronet Automatic 12?
Is this compatible with a 1950s Smith Corona Model 88?
I have a smith corona 88 eighty-eight and need a ribbon desperately!! i ordered from ebay but the holes in the spools are too small. will this fit?
I have a 1930 Smith Corona Standard. Will this work?
I'ts compatible to sterling 12
I have a Smith Corona Galaxy Deluxe- will this ribbon work? Do you know the diameter so that I can check?
Is there a ribbon that will fit a skyriter machine?
Does anyone know if this will fit a Smith Corona Sterling typewriter?
What is the diameter of the spools?
does the counter give dollar amount
Do you hv to hold the soert button down or do u just push button and walk away
will this accurately fill pre-form coin wrappers or will i have wrappers with the wrong amount?
does this only use battery power or does it come with a plug in cord too?
Are you able to put wrappers in the slots or will the slots come out so you can wrap?
will the coin counter count australian coins ?
Does this unit come with plastic coin tubes.
is this can work with NIS / shekels?
Will this fit my Smith corona corsair deluxe? If not, do you know where I could find ribbon with spools to fit it? I do not have the original spools.
Will this fit my Smith-corona Cougar portable typewriter? It takes 1 1/2" spools
This a 1984 Smith Carona Electra XT, 3 series. Will this ribbon fit my machine?
Will it work on my Smith Corona (Coronet Electric) ? It has the original red/black ribbon. I don't know if it is a 10 but the platen measures 10 in.
what is the diameter of the spool?
Will this fit a Smith Corona self correcting coronet 6e?
I just purchased a Smith Corona Galexie SCM portable model from an antique shop. Would this spool ribbon fit?
Will if fit a Smith Corona Galaxie Deluxe portable typewriter?
Will this fit a Standard Smith Corona Portable Typewriter?
I have a Smith Corona Galaxie II typewriter. Will it fit?
How much can it carry without separating forweard or aft?
Sidebar pictures show the front wheels pivoting but the main picture indicates they are stationary. So, which is it? Thanks.
Would i be able too push this for a very long walk on unstable road to the store? or is it only good for short walks from the car to the store?
What are the dimensions of the bottom, inside of the basket when open?
Any idea if it can fit in the trunk of a coupe when folded? the trunk here in question is not big like SUV/full size car, but not really tiny either)
What is the weight capacity?
We have nice wood stairs going from the finished basement up to the kitchen, and my husband wonders if a loaded cart will cause indents in them - Y/N?
How tall is the basket or cart itself excluding the handle?
Would a person who is 6'7' tall be able to push this without bending over in the process? If so, it looks like an answer for my son.
What is the weight capacity?
how many cords or cables can it cover?
How does the cover attach to the ground? Does it come with double side tape/adhesive?
the picture shows 3 pieces, each a different color. Are 3 included with order?
Is this paintable?
What is the height of the item?
can you easily cut it to fit a space?
Is this shipped in a straight line or is it curled up?
Can this be painted? This will have to go up a wall that is light blue so I'd love to paint over it to make it less noticeable.
can you use double sided adhesives on this product?
can you cut it down if the sizes it comes in are too long?
is this the expandable handset, or the actual phone? The photo looks like the expandable handset.
Can you mount this on the wall?
is it wall mountable
Can this phone be used if you are hard of hearing?
My mother already has a Clarity D613 phone with digital answering machine. Can this handset be used on that base?
can this phone be used alone, or does it have to have another main line, or phone
Does this have an answering machine?
I have a Clarity D603 will this phone work with mine?
does this come with its own rechargeable battery?
It was not designed to mount on the wall. You might find a way to do it but I don' know how.
Would this CIS work on a HP Officejet Pro L7580. According to the description it will but when I put in my printer it says it won't. Confused.
I have the office-Pro K8600 that uses the XL88 Black ink tank. Will the kit work the same or does the kit comes with similar sized black ink tank?
Will it work if I use ink from http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003... ?
Do you ship this CISS to India and without ink?
Will this CISS work on this product? http://www.amazon.com/HP-Officejet-Wi...
I bought 3 of these on 7/29. They worked until last week when all 3 expired based on date. Can the chips be reset?
What is the grip ring stem?
Never installed stem casters but it seems they need an appropriate sleeve to receive the stem to be installed in the leg first. Do these casters come with the appropriate sleeves? I am making a small kitchen island table with butcher block top and 4x4...
Are the stems removable? Need to replace wheel in a chair that already has the stems.
I'm planning to use this wheel for a crib. Which socket/insert do I need to buy to fit this?
Will this casters work in the Sterilite plastic storage Drawers?
Dimensions match these except the TOP of my stem above the grip ring is ROUNDED like a dome rather than FLAT on top. Will that matter?
What do you do when the lead can't come out?
Does this pencil have an eraser?
What is the longest time this pencil has lasted you?
- Is the item durable? - Is this item easy to use? - What are the dimensions of this item?
Is this pen metal or plastic?
While writing, does the pencil cartridge sit firmly and solidly in place, or does it wiggle loosely against the front dispensing hole?
Is the Barrel solid black? Is there a silver logo halfway through the pen? The one on the youtube reviews look different from the picture
Do the pen tabs have color indicators for easy selection, or do you have to cycle through multiple clicks to get the color you want?
Is the black matte black?
I have this in black and grey. Both of them are missing the cap that covers the eraser. Is ther any way to get caps to replace the missing ones.
does this have an eraser and is it refillable as well
are the colors fine point?
does it have an earser
is it easy to write with
How does the customization take place? Do I submit an image after I purchase it? Or the other way around?
My picture has a symbol and words in the bottom corner, could you remove that?
Can you provide a smaller pad, say 7"&times;8.5"?
What aspect ratio should I use for the photo? I need to find a picture before I can order one.
I want a 72w"x22h" mouse pad. Can you make one in black? I would like a single logo image in the middle,but not required. Custom Price Please
Can you do a movie still or movie promo image?
What is the thickness of this pad? Is it skinny like a cd or thicker like a fat pancake? Dimensions in the description would be helpful.
Hello. What are the dimensions of this product? None are listed in the product description. Thank you.
Where and how do you send the Photo for the Mouse pad?
do you have larger sizes; like 12" x 18" ?????
Does this unit emit RF interference? (i.e., EMI)
will this work for a 24 volt 3.5 amp ac converter needed for christmas toy?
What is the warranty for this?
Will it fit the SoundPoint IP 335
Do these say Polycom on the actual power supply?
IS this the full cord? Meaning does it come with the part that plugs into the AC socket to?
All I need is the cord that goes from the AC to the phone itself. Is that available for purchase.
How many Watt or AMP This Power Adapter
can i use this power supply with a vizio sound bar thats rated 24v dc?
What is the mA (Milliamp) rating of this powersupply?
power supply?
Can you use a headset with this phone?
Do the regular phone jack (rj9) connectors on the base work for any regular wireless headset (like AT&amp;T)?
Can I use this phone for a land line connection or is it just for internet phone line?
Can you use an electronic handset lifter with this phone?
Does Yealink SIP-T22P come with a power supply?
What kind of port does this phone have for a headset; RJ12/RJ9/RJ11 (like for the handset) or 3.5mm or 2.5mm jack?
Does this connect to the internet through a router (cat 5 cable) or through a computer (USB port) ?
Does this have caller ID?
How do you get these working? I mean, if I get a T22p and a T20p can I just connect one to the other and they work? Or do I need anything else?
Do these have ethernet passthrough? If so 10/100 or gigabit?
Does this phone come with a power adapter?
Can I connect a wireless adapter to it?
Can I add handsets to this system?
Does this phone support Open VPN?
Will accept pressuirized fisher refills
Does this one click into place when closed? The Tele-Scopic does not, so it tends to slide open a bit and write on whatever else is in my pocket.
What is the exact length when retracted?
How do I pick the color I want?
Is this a 12-pack for $12.60 or are they $12.60 per unit?
Does it fit a Star SP700
What is the length of the ribon? Who is the maker of this ribon?
Does this work on M-188B??
Does this work on Epson TM-U220B
Is this compatible with ERC38BR?
previous box had a reorder # ec855-br. is this the same one? the model is Epson ERC 30/34
Can anyone provide an example of this black/red? I don't seem to understand what this may look like or means.
We just received our paper packet and the 3 colors are not glued together like they normally are... is it supposed to be?
What are the requirements for having something written on top be copied through to each page? Will a stamp and/or writing in ink work?
Just want to confirm.... this is for a straight-pull printer, right?
Can the pink page be printed on the back page?
Can you tell me if the third part pink paper can be replaced with cardstock paper that will be used as a door hanger? Or will it not copy onto it?
Are there any special printer requirements to be able to print on this paper?
I'm confused re: straight, plain, reverse. I'm looking for NCR paper that I can use to hand write info. Does it matter which one I get?
Does this cut on the Silhouette Cameo?
I need a chipboard I can use for invites, will this work? And is it a brown color?
If folding this to make collage greeting cards, will it warp under heavy embellishments and glue?
Is this fairly bendable? Making a helmet and i want it to form a cylinder around my head. how much does one sheet bend?
Will Sizzix Big Shot cut this? I am shopping for a die cut (manual) machine.
is this brown on both sides?
It's this sturdy enough to use/make a hardbook cover?
The product header says 9x12", but the description says 12.x12". Which is it?
do you have to remove slide from the cardboard surround before putting it in machine?
Does it do movies
Will it work with older slides sandwiched between two sheets of glass?
does it work on window7 (64 it)
I have film to scan is this the best product
Which software does it come with? In the past I used a simpler version of this device and it used ArcSoft PhotoImpression 6.
does this have to be connected to computer, or will it work on its own?
I have old slides from the '50s and '60s that measure 2.5 x 2.5 inches (unmounted). Will these fit into this converter?
Could I use it to capture stills from 8 mm or Super 8 mm film?
Does it make any difference which side of the film , emulsion or shiny,is on the top in the tray?
can you turn ringer off?
Is there an intercom system?
Can you wall mount the base unit of this Motorola phone system?
Does the answering machine have an audible sound to indicate that a message has been left??
CAN THE ANSWERING MACHINE BE WALL MOUNTED
Will this system support a total of six telephones?
How many phone lines does it support
Does this phone system include an intercom system?
does it have a headset jack
Battrery Life
I need a phone flat against the wall. Does this one fit flat against the wall?
Does it have a headphone jack?
how do I always have the ringer at zero level or mute? I only want to use this phone to make calls and don't want to hear the ringer.
I need a wall phone for kitchen does this mount on the wall?
what type of warranty exists on this product?
The flash drive is not being "seen" by my computer. Can someone help me troubleshoot?
will this work with windows 7?
Somewhere it must say how many in each packet but I cant find it?
Will these inserts fit any 12 x12 binder?
Do these load from the middle/side or from the top?
My boss was wondering if these will fit into an avery binder located here - http://www.amazon.com/Avery-Durable-B...
Where do the pictures load - Top or Side?
If I order 10 of these, would it cost me around $35.00 so I can get free shipping?
Do these protectors have openings on both sides (to insert 6 photos on each side) or openings just on the front (6 photos total per protector)?
how many pages in a package?
How many sheets come in a package?
how many come in a package?
Does it use ink
will it fit in the spiral binding of the notebook?
What type (brand name and model#) of refill fit this shorter Rite in the Rain All-Weather Trekker pen?
Is there room inside the body to add a $20 bill (or 2) in with the ink cartridge?
Does the back end of the pen fit into the cap to keep the two attached while the pen is open?
I'm looking for a pen that I can keep in my pocket without it having any chance of getting ink on the lining. Would this work?
How do you open the pen to change the refill? It is not obvious.
is this a fisher space pen product? or a different off-brand like trekker?
How long is the pen? The dimensions shown on this page, 9 x 6 x 1 inches, don't make sense to me.
is sturdy enough to use for self-defense?
Is this printer an air drop printer?
Ink Usage: How fast does this printer go through ink?
Sorry, basic but: is this a color unit?
I have a lexmark impact s301 and ordered vizix 150XL black and the 150XL color cartridges and the printer says erorr
Does anyone know if the 105XL cartridge will work in the Pro915 printer?
Issues with installation of Printer cartridges: I started with the color cartridges first and the black last as "per instructions on the display and on the CD.....but the cartridges wont sit in - i get the error - "that the cartridges are not installed...
Why did Amazon up the price from 2.99 to 5.99, when you can buy them at office supply stores for 4.99?
Does this fit a XE-A102 Sharp Electronic Cash Register
does this fit a Sharp XE-A106
fit for sharp xe-a206?
Does this fit a Sharp EL-1197GIII adding machine/calculator?
Hi, I have a question about the IR40 Ink Roll Porelon. I need to know the expiration date on these. thank you
Is it non-toxic?
Does this desk disassemble for when I move out?
I see the measurement for the bottom shelf, but think that means the whole piece of wood. How wide is the opening? My printer is 14" wide. Will it fit
What is the length of the desk?
Is it made from real wood or particle board?
What is its packaging? Dimension?
I'm 6'3", with fairly long legs. Is this desk to small to comfortably fit me?
What is the weight capacity? i.e. how much weight can you put on it. I have several monitors and items
How much weight can the top of the desk and the shelves support? We use a tv as a monitor and do not want the desk to buckle.
Is it possible to order the surface part on white and the rest of the desk in brown?
Is this an OEM product by lexmark
is this the correct item 'Lexmark T654 Fuser Maintenance Kit 110-120V Part # 40X4724"
WILL THIS WORK FOR T650N LEXMARK?
description says "genuine Lexmark part". Is this OEM?
Does it have an opening in the back for the wires to go through?
This unit is NOT sturdy once put together even though all screws are tightened. Anyone else have this issue?
Height?
Is this MAC compatible?
What all comes with the printer?
Works on windows 7 platform?
does the cordless handset require a phone jack or just an electric outlet?
Does the corded base phone needs an electric outlet?
Is the cordless phone made so flat the call can be cut off by a cheek bone or other part of the face?
Can you hear the message being left or can you mute it?
Is this a one line phone or two line phone
when reviewing the missed calls list will it show which one left a message?
can you choose to make all incoming messages mute?
Can you turn off answering machine in this phone if you prefer to use answering service provided by your phone company like I do?
can you purchas extra hand sets
Is this phone wall mountable?
Does this package come with ink cartridges?
I generally prefer fine nibs, but there is a lot of variability in different companies. Do these tend more to the fine side or broader side of M?
Can they be converted to ink-dropper pens ie. fill the entire barrel with ink?
What is the size (in mm) of the nibs? Thanks.
What kind of cartridge ink I should buy for this pen, is it easy to use bottled ink ?
Are these hard nib or flex nib pens?
What is the length of the fountain pen without the cap and with it on ? What is the length of the nib ? What is the approximate diameter of the pen?
Can I buy a calligraphy nib that would work on this pen?
Are the converters included for each pen?
Do you need to dip them in ink to get them started?
What color is the ink of the pen?
Are the nibs #6 and can they be changed?
Does the cap post? Thanks.
how much does each ink converter hold?
What refill cartridge works?
fax
HP Photosmart Plus All-in-One Printer: Does this printer includes USB cable to physically connect to PC?
Does this model come with ink
printing 4x6's: Does anyone know if this HP Photosmart All-In-One wireless prints them from other places such as picture programs?
does printer print in B&amp;W when out of color ink? I am interested in buying this printer, but need to know if it will still print when out of a color ink?
any software issues: do anyone know if there are there any software issues with this printer?
Black Ink: Do you put the Photo Black in when printing photos and the black in when printing text?
How thick is the seat cushion? Can you sit in for an entire work day if you weigh over 200 lbs.
Does it recline?
Could this chair also be used as a rocker to some degree?
How far back does it recline? Can you put your feet on the desk?
How tall is the back measured from back of seat to top of chair?
what is the seat height range?
When the chair reclines, can it be locked at a reclined position?
Where is this chair manufactured? Where is Boss Furniture made?
What is the weight capacity of chair?
What is the height of the seat, at the lowest setting?
I am about 370.. do you think this chair would fail due to the extra 70#s ?
How do you adjust the tilt?!
Does this chair have seat height and tilt controls?
What is the Height of the seat at the Highest setting?
how well does the chair work for people with back aches?
Can the arms be removed?
what is the measurement of the depth of the seat, meaning please advise how much sitting space is there from the back of the chair to the edge?
How wide is the seat between the arm supports?
What is are the seat dimensions?
What is the width of the base, from caster to caster?
what is the weight capacity?
Seat height: What is the seat height range for this chair?
Is the back height NOT adjustable as one reviewer said? The item des. clearly states it is both here and at mfg's site??
Is it real leather?
How high does this chair go?
what is the minimum and the maximum height of this chair from the floor to the seat?
Does the chair tilt back?
Is there a back adjustment so that the back of the chair will hit the small of my back?
With the arms in the lower position, what is the measurement to the floor. I need it to fit under desk.
I'd like to buy the chair with arms but are the arms removable just incase I don't want them on.
The seatback: How high and wide is it, please? Is the seat and back upholstery (leather?) hot, uncomfortable after sitting awhile? Thanks.
I'm long legged and short waisted so when I sit, I'm very short. Will the chair arms adjust to be comforable using a computer?
Do you need to treat the leather with a conditioner?
How width is the seat?
How do the arms adjust? Up and down and/or side to side?
How can you adjust the distance between the back and the seat cushion? I just bought this chair but do not see how this is possible.
What is the maximum height of the padded seat? My desk is a littler higher than normal
Is anyone interested in selling me just the arms?
what is the seat size of the,Boss task chair with arms
How long is each leg?
Do the wheels lock so one can lean back to put feet up w/out moving chair?
How do you lower the back rest? We accidentally pulled the back to a higher position, now don't know how to lower it. Thanks for any help!
Are the arms removable?
How high does this chair rise
What is the weight limit
does the back rest recline?
what is the seat size of the,Boss task chair with arms
How long is each leg?
Do the wheels lock so one can lean back to put feet up w/out moving chair?
How do you lower the back rest? We accidentally pulled the back to a higher position, now don't know how to lower it. Thanks for any help!
Are the arms removable?
How high does this chair rise
What is the weight limit
does the back rest recline?
does the hair tilt back?
What is the height from floor to seat when seat is at its highest position?
is the back adjustable to make less seat depth?
Does the chair tilt back?
Is the backrest "rigid"/"firm" or when you bend your back, does the backrest also bend (i.e., is the backrest flexible)?
does the back move at all?
what is the diameter of the wheel base?
Has anyone gotten the red? I am worried about it actually being TRUE red.
I have seen so many reviews complaining about the zebra color being false that I am worried about the red. My son really wants true red for his room.
Can you leave the arms off?
What is the height range in inches from the seat to the floor? In other words, how many inches will my bottom be from the floor?
Do the arms adjust side ways (can the available space between the arms be widened)?
Is the foot ring actually adjustable? Doesn't look like it from the picture.
I need a 24" high chair with arm rests. Doesn't have to have wheels, but has to have 5 legs for stability. I would like it toswivel.
What is the weight limit?
Can you leave the arms off?
What is the height range in inches from the seat to the floor? In other words, how many inches will my bottom be from the floor?
Do the arms adjust side ways (can the available space between the arms be widened)?
Is the foot ring actually adjustable? Doesn't look like it from the picture.
I need a 24" high chair with arm rests. Doesn't have to have wheels, but has to have 5 legs for stability. I would like it toswivel.
What is the weight limit?
What is the height range in inches from the seat to the floor? In other words, how many inches will my butt be from the floor? That's really important for me and your ad doesn't say.
Is it easy to put together
Are wheels lockable?
Is the height of the footring adjustable?
are the casters safe on hard wood floors?
Is the back adjustable?
Does this chair swivel? I know this is a stupid question but nothing specifically says that it does.
What's the weight limit on this chair?
What is the max floor to seat height?
height range of this stool: Can anyone tell me what the actual adjustable height range is?
what is the chair seat and back made of?
Are the arms removable if you do not want to use them?
What is the maximum adjusted height of seat and lowest adjusted height of seat?
What is the lowest seat height from the ground and what is the highest?
What are the dimensions of the seat (height, size) and arms(height) at it's lower and higher positions?
The desk where this would be mounted is not very thick - only about 5/8 inch. Are the upward-pointing mounting screws more than a 1/2 inch long?
I have a large ergonomic keyboard; how much clearance does this shelf have when extended? Is there enough clearance for my fingers when typing?
Does it slide fully in, so that it doesn't stick out when pushed back?
when installed, what's the depth (from bottomside of desk to bottom of this tray?
The specs list 23.5 x 14.5 as the product dimension. Is that the size of the area you have to use? I have a drawing tablet that is very large.
I am trying to mount this in a space that is only about a foot deep. What is the distance between the mounting screw holes?
Does this keyboard tray lock while it is being used to prevent it from sliding under the desk while you are typing?
what are the dimension of this is them
how wide is the shelf?
If the length dimension of this product is 231/2", what is the minimum space needed to mount the hardware? Sometimes the hardware requires more room t
Do you offer replacment parts for these chairs?
Does this chair have a matte leather finish or is it shiny? Are the nail heads actually nails that are driven into the arms or are they just heads?
weight capacity
What is the height of the seat from the floor? Thanks.
Is the material shiny?
One review says ir reeks of a chemical odor, anyone else notice this? and does it go away after a while
Do all drawers lock? If not, which ones lock?
Which direction do the files face in the bottom drawer? Toward you if opening the drawer or to the side?
Unit delivered with corner "L" brackets and screws in the hardware bag. What are these for? They don't appear to be needed.
Just received the cabinet and the 2 drawers are locked! Any idea where the key would be??
Is there an issue with tabs on the files of the bottom drawer not clearing when opening and closing?
Is it possible to order replacement parts? We had the lower drawer and rails break during a move.
Is the top drawer to the right also a file drawer?
Is the top drawer to the right also a file drawer?
Does this cabinet, and the others in the same series, have a finished back? Is it finished "in the round?"
does the hair tilt back?
What is the height from floor to seat when seat is at its highest position?
is the back adjustable to make less seat depth?
Does the chair tilt back?
Is the backrest "rigid"/"firm" or when you bend your back, does the backrest also bend (i.e., is the backrest flexible)?
does the back move at all?
what is the diameter of the wheel base?
Has anyone gotten the red? I am worried about it actually being TRUE red.
I have seen so many reviews complaining about the zebra color being false that I am worried about the red. My son really wants true red for his room.
What is the height range in inches from the seat to the floor? In other words, how many inches will my butt be from the floor? That's really important for me and your ad doesn't say.
Is it easy to put together
Are wheels lockable?
Is the height of the footring adjustable?
are the casters safe on hard wood floors?
Is the back adjustable?
Does this chair swivel? I know this is a stupid question but nothing specifically says that it does.
What's the weight limit on this chair?
What is the max floor to seat height?
height range of this stool: Can anyone tell me what the actual adjustable height range is?
One review says ir reeks of a chemical odor, anyone else notice this? and does it go away after a while
Do all drawers lock? If not, which ones lock?
Which direction do the files face in the bottom drawer? Toward you if opening the drawer or to the side?
Unit delivered with corner "L" brackets and screws in the hardware bag. What are these for? They don't appear to be needed.
Just received the cabinet and the 2 drawers are locked! Any idea where the key would be??
Is there an issue with tabs on the files of the bottom drawer not clearing when opening and closing?
Is it possible to order replacement parts? We had the lower drawer and rails break during a move.
Is the top drawer to the right also a file drawer?
Is the top drawer to the right also a file drawer?
Does this cabinet, and the others in the same series, have a finished back? Is it finished "in the round?"
How many people can be seated at this table?
How thick is this desk? What's the max weight capacity rated? Out of the box, how much does the top main (largest) piece weight alone?
how long does it take for delivery
Where is this pen made?
What cartridges are compatible with this?
Hi! Does this pen come with a converter or a catridge? Do I need to buy a ink converter seperately?
does this pen come in a medium nib?
Does this pen use the normal Parker cartridges? The same as a Parker IM
dose this pen come with a cartridge? when you say converter nib do you mean just a converter or a converter and a nib? thank you .
Description says uses the Cartridge or converter nib but is the converter included with the pen?
The photo is not detailed enough for the customer to know what they are buying--what's in the set and what color. So how many sets and what color?
What size are the stickers? Will they fit HP Pavilion 15 notebook?
What does Non Transparent mean??
Do these stay in place and resist wearing off? I would hate for them to start slidding all over or stop being visible, although the price is right.
J. Masten's review said... "Be warned tho, these are NOT large print, they are just high-contrast." What does he mean by this?
How do we choose a color? What color are these?
It says they come in three colors, but I don't see the silver anywhere.
How many letters/numbers, etc. are in the package? Is there enough to add 4 letters to my desktop or should I order 2 sets?
Does this pen have refill cartridges, and if so, which?
Does this pen have a hard or rubber body?
I'm interested in how long the ink last for the "Jetstream"? Most pens have a small amount of ink in them, this pen cost more money than most.
I prefer a gel pen. Is this comparable to that?
What does "Fine 6" mean?
Please confirm if I'm right height=30"; width=47"; depth=24"?
How high is the keyboard from the ground?
stable?
what the measurements of the key board tray
Is the dimension of the glass 24' or is that including how much the legs stick out in front of the glass
What tools/parts are needed to put this desk together?
Does this require assembly? If so, how complicated is it?
Does this desk have cable management?
Is it possible adjust the height of the keyboard tray? I need the keyboard tray to be at a specific height from the ground.
Would this desk be able to support a triple display? Roughly 30 pounds of screen and stand?
does any of hp or compact photo printer use large memory cards 4,8,or 16GB??
Is it battery operated also?
What picture sizes does this print?
What is the newest model of the HP compact printers? I am shopping now for one.
What year was this A646 HP Compact Photo Printer made? I had a HPA616 but it died, and I loved it!
I have to print on location sometimes where there is no plug in, is there a power cord that would plug into a cigarette lighter on my car? Thks
does the used one for 110.00 have all the items as the new one. i clicked to see and all i got was a pic of the new one.
Is this printer compatible with windows 8.1
Will it work with Windows 8? I have a A636 and it won't connect to my new laptop.
How many pictures will it print from one ink cartridge? how long does it take to print 4x6 photos?
does it come in a pack or do you just get one and the color is a surprise...?
The product title says these are 9.5"x6" but in the product description it says the pages are 8.5x11. Which one is true?
Is there a pocket in this notebook like the Mead Five Star has? Thanks!
does this notebook have a vertical line to delineate a margin? Thanks!
Do you only get one at a time or does the order come with a pack of them?
Is there a way to choose a color when ordering?
What is the diameter and length of the stem please??
what is the actual diameter of the wheel excluding the cover?
Will a set of four casters suppont a tv stand that weighs 140 lbs. ?
are the stems removable? I have a laptop cart that has the stems coming off of the bottom so I just need a caster to pop on to it.
pls provide the photo of the item includes all parts/modules comes together with the items. thx
What is expandable and non expandable mean? Thanks in advance.
Does the power supply also support 240v
Will 2 of these interfere with each other? ie. 2 separate conference rooms close to each other
will this work with an avaya system?
What is in the box?
Is there Ex Mic Pods for the Polycom SoundStation 2 (Non-expandable)
Is the base station included?
will the phone work digital system?
Is there an external speaker available for this conference phone?
Hi. We are in need of a Conf phone. All lines We use are cat 5 cable. Do you have any Conf phones that use cat 5 cable
How does this phone handle background room echo? What is the best way to reduce echoing other than improving room surfaces?
does this come with a power supply for the base station? I want to make sure this is all I need to purchase.
If you get the Soundstation 2w (expandable) with 2 extension Mics. Do you need any other hardware to make it work?
What is expandable and non expandable mean? thanks in advance.
Can I plug the mic pods and an iphone cord into this unit at the same time&gt;
I need a cord to connect to android and IPhones. I see in reviews the one with the Soundstation is the wrong size, I need 3.5mm where can I order?
How do you get the signature
Does the signature match what is sent to you for the stamp
I want to put my signature and my license number, that is 22 characters including spaces. Will there be enough room?
How big will the printed signature be? Will the signature be sized to fit within 1x2"
does the ink leak if you leave it layed on the side ?
where do I mail signature to?
Can you endorse checks with it?
Is this ink refillable
are IC100 and IC50 the same size?
How many mL per cartridge? I am trying to figure out if this is cheaper than refilling with a bottle of ink.
This is the refill I need for my two Pilot Metropolitan pens?
Is this ink archival or will it fade over time. I want to use it for a inking sketches.
Will this ink fit with pilot metropolitan collection fountain pen? http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00KRPFD96/r...
Do these work the Pilot Vanishing Point?
Will this fit my Pelikan cartridge fountain pen?
Do these cartridges fit the Pilot Prera medium tip pen?
Is the IC50 cartridge interchangeable with the IC100 cartridge?
Will this fit in the pilot penmanship fountain pen?
What's the actual size of these?
Is the item durable?
What do you mean by "side loading"? Doesn't it load from the top?
Are there separate tabs?
How much do they expand. How many pieces of paper?
Can you mail them through the US postal service?
Are these PVC-free?
How many many slots are there in each?
What is the exact size of the page capacity. I'm trying to find more of ones that are large enough to hold a 9x12 inch envelope, UPC 1188 1700.
Is this for 12 envelopes or 1? The title says 12, but below in the details it says 1?
What is the capacity of these envelopes? I'm in grad school and I'd like to use a color per class &amp; we'll have lots of printed PowerPoints/articles.
Are these clear? Can you see documentation clearly in to the envelope, or are they frosted? Hard to tell from the pic.
what is the size of these envelopes?
Are these a two pocket envelope? One open side pocket and one closed pocket? Are they letter size?
What is the weight capacity for each drawer? Will one drawer support the weight of several reams of copy paper?
What's the weight capacity of the top metal part? I mean of the whole cart, anybody knows? Pls
Can't find where to 'ASK SELLER' so I'll ask here; do they come in CLEAR rather than 'smoke?'
What is the width of cart?
Is this 26" from bottom of caster to top of the metal handle? I need to make sure it will clear a table that has just over 27" under it.
Do the drawers lock with a key?
Can you buy replacement drawers?
Can you take out the casters? How tall it will be without the casters?
does anybody use this to store makeup?
Per info- these drawers will not hold 12x12 papers? Another reviewers said it will..does anyone store their 12x12 papers in this unit?
I have the iris lego sorting trays which measure 12 1/4"W x 10 3/8"L x 1 7/16"H. Will these trays fit in the drawers?
I like that these drawers look wider than the other styles - what is the dimention of the drawer itself?
What size are the drawers
How sturdy is the top? I want to put a small printer weighing 23 pounds on top.
What are the assembled dimensions?
Is it possible to remove the wheels and have it stand by itself?
Is it possible to get a gun with the month (Jan-Feb-Mar, etc) as first line?
which model is this? 1110-01? 1110-02? etc...
How many didget are in the line?
how do i change the price?
Does this gun come with any labels or do I need to buy those seperately?
what type of label do I order if it will be placed on a frozen product to ensure it sticks and doesn't come off?
how does someone change the prices and such, or know what will be printed on the label? I would like to know this information before i buy, Thanks
Has anyone actually tested the r800 on a Mac running OS X Mavericks (10.9)? It did work for some previous Mac OS...
I have the R400, the red laser would not show on the TV surface my client had in his conference room. Will the green be any better?
can you activate a video in a PowerPoint presentation? can you active a video in real player or windows media?
can it be used without a computer? just as a pointer
I own one of these..however, it drains the batteries so fast I can't get through a 50-min lecture. Anyone else have this problem?
does this remote have the capability of clicking on a hyperlink to vist a website from within the presentation?
Going through 2 sets of Duracell batteries during a 5 hour presentation. I figure I am getting about 15 minutes of laser per set of batteries. Normal?
Does it work with MAC pro retina 2014? Please I need clear answers! Thanks!
Are the keys or LCD screen backlit?
Can you program the buttons?
Can this be used for powerpoint demonstrations
Do you know if R400 works for google docs (presentation)?
has anyone have used it on Linux?
does this or any of the logitech Presenters have the Unifying receiver technology
does it have a mouse
Do you have to hold down the button to keep the laser on or is it a one press button?
Does this allow you to control your cursor as well?
I'm hoping to use this while training a class using a DVD. Can this be used to stop and start the DVD?
can you set a frequency so that more than one computer can work separately? What if you have two or more computers within the 50 ft range?
Does this remote work with an Ipad to run a PowerPoint presentation? How? Thank you
is the TFP20.12 for 2013
Can I use intuit w2 laser forms with this software?
how do you update for 2014 W2? do you have to purchase updates?
I am getting a Runtime erro 53 when trying to load last years 2013 TFP info. Has anyone had this problem?
does laser link work with tfp
does it file 1098 forms
Will this product do 1099 S forms?
Now that it is late in the year is this for filing 2014 w-2,w-3,1099 and 1096?
Is this software for the 2014 year?
will this software allow me to efile for free?
ave never used one of these before, always have used Comb. do i have to buy covers to use this machineI h
Please find me one with 220v source
What is the power source of this machine?
What's the maximum number of pages that you can bind with this binding machine at one time?
How few sheets can you bind?
3 x 5 index cards? Can some please tell me if the MP 560 can print 3x5 index cards.
Is Canon Pixma MP560 fax capable
problem with error 6c10 on canon pixma mp560: Please, somebody could me with the mp560 error 6c10?
Switching from wired connection to wireless? So this is what I think I need to do: - Delete the printer in Windows XP "printers &amp; faxes" - Uninstall printer drivers &amp; all printer software - Follow manual instructions to set up printer wirelessly Does...
compatible with Mac osx 10.9?
what is error code b200
how two sided printing canon mp560
can it scan into one pdf file
Can the Canon MP560 print on both sides on a mac? If so, how? Because my mac doesn't want to cooperate. If so, how?
Epson Artisan 710 vs Canon PIXMA MP560
what size paper does it print ?
I can print to this printer on thick cardboard?
what size sheets you can copy or scan?
purchasing the photocopier includes printing cartridges or separate must buy for?
Does this phone show voicemail calls on the base, not on the handset?
Does this phone show voicemail calls on the base, not the handset?
Can you mix and match with this phone? I have an AT and T with answering machine. Just want an extra unit and would turn off the answering machine.
According to the reviews this has speakerphone capability but I do not see a button for it. How does this feature work?
what type of battery needs? Thanks
can you listen to messages trough the handset ?
What is approximate number of pages per cartridge?
what other HP Printers use this cartridge?
WILL THIS CARTRIDGE WORK IN MY c4640 HP PRINTER
Is this the right cartridge for my HP laserjet 6500
Class action suit over 309g and others? Is anyone aware of a class action suit against HP over this model and a couple others.
Can this hook up to a Mac?
What ink cartridges does this take?
hp photosmart premium all-in-one printer cd055a#aba - what is its EPEAT catagory (Bronze?) and does it qulaify as an EnergyStar product?
Does this printer support apple's AirPrint ?
Does this printer print two-sided using a duplexer?
How to copy several at a time from top loader
Still searching for quality printer that does not jam up paper. Does anyone have sugestions?
does this fax two?
HP Photosmart Premium --Scanning problems: Any suggestions for a cure?
Why are these described to be "Thick Core", "3mm" when the 48count "regular core" set is also "3mm"?
Is this a good set for landscape drawings.....are there enough earth-tones like green, brown, and blue?
Does this set include bright colors and shades of pink, purple, magenta, teal etc.? The colors in the picture are all in the natural range.
Does this set come with any flesh tones?
I'm looking for something to replace Crayola. Are these good quality? The lead doesn't break when sharpening? Is the wood nice and smooth? Thanks!
For those of you who do not like these pencils, can you recommend some that you like better?
Are there 50 different colors or are some colors duplicated?
What is the difference between these pencils and Prang 48 count?
is a Motorola dect6.0 cordless phone any good
Does this have speaker phone and if so, can you use it while it is charging?
Can this phone be hung on the wall, or does it have to sit on a flat surface?
What does "EGP" stand for?
Are these the updated forms as of February 2014?
Is this available in the 8-05 version?
Is this a new version 02/2012?
The trackball stopped working, keyboard and mouse buttons are good. It will work for a moment, move the cursor and stop Ideas?
I have a LG SmartTV model 55LS5700. I was told by a salesman that this would work with it, but I don't see LG listed as compatible. Does anyone know?
does it have a cap lock, and number lock indicator?
What happens if you use two in the same room? Can you use two keyboards to control the same computer? Can you control two different computers?
I'm considering buying a Samsung un65h6350, this TV requires a HID keyboard. Will this work for it?
Does the keyboard have a CAPS LOCK light?
how quite are the keys when typing ? and are they soft on your fingers when you push to type?
I received 2 of these for '14 Christmas. One day one of my units went haywire, most keys and trackball went crazy how do i get warranty?
any body have broblems with range? i cant get 5 feet away from my computer without this thing loosing range and not working
does this come with plastic film on any part of the keyboard? mines didnt.. think i got a used or refurbished one
Is it easy to open and close?
what are the measurements?
Height of top step/seat?
What material are the legs made out of? Would these chairs hold up on an indoor pool deck?
What is the weight capacity on this chair?
What is the seat height?
Are the tabs colored as well, matching the folder, or are they all clear?
I have an IKEA filing cabinet, and it seems standard hanging file folders do not fit. From rail to rail, it is 13" wide. Will these fit?
How many sheets of paper does each folder comfortably hold without sagging
Does the fact that these plastic edge hanging folders slide better on the rail merit the extra cost to replace all the old metal edge hanging files?
will these hanging folders fit my ikea file drawer?
Are these poly or are they paper?
how stable is this? It looks like it might tip over when full of files.
How many files does it hold?
Does it come with the red files?
How tall is this item from bottom to top at its highest point?
Can I use hanging folders in this?
How wide is the base ? Thanks.
How wide is the fanned portion on the top of the basket?
Does the label holder come affixed to the side panel as pictured? Or is it separate so that I can place it wherever I want?
what is the depth of the box, from front to back, at the bottom. I need to know how many file folders will fit.
how many letter size file folders would it hold?
Does this notebook lie flat when opened?
Does it have the black inserts inside the binder? There should be one before and after your papers, but it's inside the binder.
does it lie flat when opened?
Is this price for one thesis binder? Or for a case of 6?
how many pages will it hold? I need one to hold 200 pages.
does this have a metal prong that you place pages on and then slip cover on posts bend to size you want
Shipping cost?
Are the dimensions 11x17 width then length or visa versa?
Is the 11 by 17 the outside dimensions or the inside dimensions?
Is there any way to hang this without using the sticky tape? Are there whole on the back so I could hand it on screws/nails on the wall?
It says the self stick pads are permanent.I had hoped to stick it to a painted wall and be able to eventually remove it without damaging the paint ?
How do you recharge the tacky surface when it gets dull and stickless
Is this a 2015 version?
IS THIS 2014 CALENDAR ?
it is now mid nov,2014-is this the 2015 version-or do i still have to wait
I need a 2015 refill. Is this it?
what year is the refill for...I am looking for a 2014
does this come with a power a/c adapter?
comcast compatability
can you confirm that the phone is not locked or currently provisioned to any other provider?
so these dont come with the power cord correct?
Does anyone know if these phones work with Vonage - I need a 2 line phone and Vonage is telling me that they don't support 2 line phones?
Is this cisco phone cord or cordless
Does this phone hook up to a regular phone jack? Is there a headset to fit the phone?
What is the Amazon/Manufacturers Warranty on this phone and how do you register for that warranty?
I have 4 phones extensions what do I need to buy in addition to the telephones?
Is this an answering maching and can I record my own voice
Does this come with a stand?
does this scanner work on the new i-Macs?
Does this work well with a mac and do you need to pull a trigger?
In the past we have ordered MK9520-32A38 Metrologic Voyager scanners...Is Honeywell and Metrologic comparable? One of the same?
Does it work with windows xp?
where can i get the usb cable for the scanner
Does this read QR Codes?
Which is the working range of the barcode reader?
Will this scanner work on Verifone Ruby registers?
does this come with the drivers? I have network software on two computers but only one scanner. I need to this on the second computer in stock room.
Does the monitor shelf go down instead of being raised all the tim?
looking for accurate dimensions of the glass?
Is there a keyboard tray?
how much weight can this desk withstand??? Im curious to put my tv on it and use it as a monitor. My tv is 48.5 pounds.
I would like to know the dimensions from the corner to the edge both sides please?
The picture shows a keyboard sliding drawer, but the reviews say there is no place to put keyboard. Which is it?
what are the dimensions?
How well does this work in a board room where some individuals may be as much as 15 feet from the device (especially when soft-spoken)?
Is this compatible with voip through Vonage?
Does this Skype certified unit work with a Windows 7 computer?
Does it come with any cables?
Is the unit USB powered?
will this work with Cisco Webex?
works with iPhone?
does this unit work with a Mac running Skype?
This comes with software?
Can you load photos on these?
I ordered this printer and where do I get the software? I don't see any place download it. I also never recieved the card holders
If I have a PDF already designed within the right proportions, do I still need ID card software?
Does it print to the edges of the cards or is there a border?
Can I print on both sides of a card, just one at a time? What is the difference between this one sided printer and the two sided ones for sale?
can i program mag strip
Can I use a spreadsheet for putting in the information for multiple cards?
how easy is it to access the accessories such ink cartridges in Uganda?
How are the pictures imported?
The item in the picture looks to be metal. Is that what i am ordering or will i recieve plastic spools?
Hi I need spools and ribbon for a remington rand deluxe model 5 typewriter. any suggestions for me?
Will this ribbon/spool fit a Royal Quiet Deluxe (vintage 1947)?
Does this ribbon fit a Royal Apollo 10 electric portable typewritter SP-8000?
could someone please measure the spool? I ordered a different set that was supposed to fit my machine but was too big. thanks
does this item fit a n Olympic Model SEG 35? ThankYou
Will this ribbon work on an Olympia typewriter Model SKE, Electric?
I saw that Smith Corona Corsair portable typewriter is not on the list. Do you happen to know which ribbon to buy for this machine?
Will this ribbon fit in an Underwood 319 portable typewriter?
Does not include ink convertor ?
Is this made in USA?
Fine or medium nib. Are ink cartriges available locally?
What type of refill does it use
Hi. How do we know that this is a genuine Parker product? Thanks.
Is this black ink?
Where is this pen made?
Does it come boxed?
Does this pen come in a gift box?
Is this a medium point or fine point? Thank you.
where is it made?
Will this product fit a yafa fountain pen
Is this product compatible with a faber castell children fountain pen?
Will this product fit my Waterman?
Fit Jin Hao Pens?
Permanent Ink?
Can I use this with jinhao x450?
How many do you get?
Will this fit the First Mate's Double-Pen sold by Deutsch Optics?
will it fit a tourneau corner pen? cartridges are about 1.5" long and 0.25" diameter narrowing to 0.125" diameter opening at tip.
will it fit bulow fountain pen?
Will this work in my hp c6180?
Does the Firmware change due to the fact that you are replacing an already depleted cartridge that the printer recognizes as already being empty ? I have a model # RX 595 All in One Printer. Slightly older but a very good printer. The ink payments is...
Will this nk work in my Epson Photo RX595?
I just got my refill Kit and was wondering - you say in Product Description "made in USA" but the box I received says "Made in China"
Hello ,,,, I would like to provide me with information about the printer p50 , do you have and Gigablock Continuous Ink System for Epson and Ink refill set for CIS/CISS or refillable cartridges using Epson p50
I have tried downloading twice. It downloads, but claims the USB port is not 'recognized'. I have tried both my laptop AND my husbands.
The CD won't run and I have gone on the website for veho and their program won't run either! Got any ideas other than returning the scanner?
will this work on window 8
will it work on window 8
Is that slide holder open or covered with plastic?
Can the film trays be used to hold 110 film to scan on a flat bed scanner?
I purchased this and almost every time I try to use it, the software stops working and I have to close the program and try again, but it fails again.
I see that it scans slides. Do they have to be unmounted or will it scan mounted slides?
can this download to a memory card like the ION film 2D (which does not work with 110, principle reason I'm looking into this) thanks
I want to just view strips of old negatives not 35mm. What do you recommend?
does it come with batteries
does it have speed dial or pre programed numbers so you don't have to dial routine phone numbers
do you get two phones or just one?
Can you find software for a Mac or is it only PC.?
Some Law Enforcement in my area has started scrambling their digtal radio traffic, will this scanner unscramble these signals?
Can it receive analog signals also or just digital.
Will this work with APCO P25 Phase II TDMA &amp; X2-TDMA?
What antenna jack does this scanner have?
Do you need an external antenna to use this scanner? If so what type and where do you get one?
Is the antenna detachable, and if so what type of connector does it use.
Can this scanner be used without connecting it to a computer?
It come with the Serial Programming Cable do you need the USB interface cable also?
i want to listen to digital phone stuff just for fun ,will these do anything like that
Is this a plastic hardpad?
Can I use this pad with the Perixx Mx-3000?
is this pad large?
Any word on how long the pad will hold before the plastic starts to wear? Let's assume an hour or two of use per day (non-gaming mostly).
i recentley picked up a Logitech G502 and im now looking for a new mouse mat i was wondering if anyone had this mouse and mat and how well they work
Does anyone use this with a steelseries rival?
does this pad work well with an apple magic mouse?
What are the dimensions on this?
Is this for ALL types of mice? Particularly optical?
does this printer have networking capability all I can see is the USB in the front ?
Does this printer come with a usb cable and toner?
When printing duplex, does the printer flip the page internally or externally? Does it print page one, pull the page back in and print the back side?
can we get an envelope tray &amp; extra 500 sheet tray?
The spec.s say 17.6" X 16.2 " X 12.4"....which is the height, the length, etc.?
Is this wireless?
Will this printer work with Windows XP?
does this printer work with windows 7 and 8.1
Is this a color printer or black and white? The info says both Mono and Color which is contradictory.
Does this printer have an automatic double-sided print function?
Can this printer reliably feed com10 envelopes from a tray?
does this printer have duplex printing?
Does this printer work with Apple products? Can I print to this printer from my iPad, iPhone, and Macbook Pro ?
Can you please confirm that the 2nd tray is included?
110 or 220 volt ?
How many extra trays can be attached to this printer?
Can this printer be networked
Is it model P3015dn or P3015n only?
Is tray 3 included in this? I understand tray 1 is the fold down tray &amp; tray 2 is the 250 sheet tray, but I want to know if tray 3 is included?
Can it print envelopes and legal paper at the same time? I don't want to have to load it every time? Thanks!
Is this product ONLY for PCs and not for Mac laptops?
What are the dimensions?
how high it is
what is the size of this table, just the part that the laptop sits on, not including the mouse pad, my laptop is 15 inches, will it fit on table
When I use the stand flat on my lap, it folds in the middle, is there a way you can lock it so it's more stable?
Can you use it to put on top of a desk to work in a standing position?
I want a stand for my laptop to sit under my it while sitting upright in my recliner in the living room. Would this be suitable for this?
How would this work in a car? I am going to be a passenger on a road trip and need to work on my computer
This product is compatible with computers 15.6 ?
Mine didn't come with the usb cable I don't even have a manual just a a piece of paper that has no number to get the cable!please help?
What are the dimensions of one of the smaller drawers? Specifically, how many reams of 8.5 x 11 printer paper can it hold?
I have the cart put together but the wheels are not in snug. Are they supposed to be that easy to fall off?
Does it topple/tip over when you pull the bottom drawer out, lets say the drawer is full of heavy items or full of folders?
Can the drawers be placed in any order? Can the big drawer be put in the middle of the 2 smaller drawers?
Is it possible to insert hanging file folder tabs on the files without catching on the middle drawer above? I don't see any tabs in the picture.
I just purchased one, but drawers are very stiff. Any ideas?
What are the internal dimensions of the top shelf, inside the metal bars?
Can we use the product without the casters? If so, what is the total height of the unit without the casters. We need it to fit under a desk.
Is there a way to kind of lock the wheels in place? They keep falling off and I can't seem to click them into place. Very frustrating.
Assembly required or does it come built?
will this work with the i phone or i pad
Is it compatible with Windows 8?
Are you able to print via wireless or network? Can you print from multiple computers with Windows 8.1 Pro?
Is this compatable with I phone 4s
Is the Zebra MZ 220 IOS compatible for use with the Iphone5?
Are these hooked together or can they be hung separately?
Could this be mounted by using pre-existing hooks?
Do these have a back to keep the paper from sliding out?
Why does the descriptive title say "Magn" when these, in fact, are NOT magnetic?
what is the overall dimention of this prduct h w d
What does Magn supposed to stand for? It is in the description of this product.
can they be hung on partition hangers? do they really fit legal files?
How low would project folders sit if you didn't use the hanging folders?
Does this come with hanging folders?
About how many hanging folders does it comfortably hold?
From front to back it is 6" or 7" deep? Descriptions say both.
What are the dimensions of this Desk top box
If I have to click the advance the lead, then what does the automatic part do ?
Does the lead retract?
Does lead tend to break as length of lead is used up? Grip stay in good shape?? Thanks
Do people find that the top stays on ok or not? That's the top that fits over the barrel....
When will this set be delivered?
Do have to use pental lead only or can you use another brand? If you have to only use their brand is it hard to find and is inexpensive? Thanks guys
Is there a version of this where the sharp metal tip at the end of the Pencil also retracts? This otherwise can scratch and make holes...
What is the best refill for this product?
Any chance they can make these in 007C85 green.
Is the grip on the pencil rubber or a foamy like substance?
What printers come with rear-paper feed? I am finding it hard to replace my printer to work with these labels. Can't put labels in a cassette!
do these have writing on the back to be able to know the sticky side from the other?
work for an inkjet printer?
Where can I find a template doc?
Do these labels work for printing labels directly through Amazon, like with my seller account?
How do you format for no receipt?
Would these work with an HP F4200 series printer?
Hi.... Please tell me is this the adhesive paper with the blue "LABELS" logos printed on the back of it... because thats the one i need....
Would this work to use as sticker paper? Like if I want to print stickers and cut them out, would that work?
is there a soft where that i have to download for me to edit the printing method? or what do i do for the settings on my mac?
can this be placed on the wall?
2nd question on DS6321, read from the manual that a bluetooth headset can be connected to the vtech handset. If connected, how do I do the dialing?
Does this model have the voice that tells you who's calling?
how do you connect the cell phone?
1) Enquiring Vtech 6321. How is the voice quality after connecting to bluetooth. Is there any lag?
It was working fine, now my phones ring, I pick up, and there's nothing. I've had family members call. They say it sounds like I picked up and then there was nothing. I've tried answering on my cell phone and on the Vtech phones. Nothing. Update: I...
what are the ringtones like, please? are they musical tunes? thanks
Is the speakerphone on the handset or on the base?
I want to put one of the phones in my husband's shop. We have 4 in house. What is longest distance that shop phone would link to house phones?
Bluetooth Headset: Can I use a Bluetooth headset with this phone?
My Desk Drawer Sides are 1/2''(one half inch) Will the expandable Drawer Organizer fit over that??
How wide does it expand? I have a drawer that's 18 inches wide, would it hang properly?
My vanity drawers are very old, and are 3/4" thick. Does anyone know the inside dimensions of the lip space?
3540 I can't enter my password for wireless a combination of numbers &amp; letters
need instructions on replacing the 610 print head product is Epson 610 and I've done all the usual cleaning procedures tnx rob
Does is scan to pdf? Does is scan both sides of a paper?
Does this have Air print?
Does the scanner also work wirelessly? I seem to be having using the Epson Scanner program. Seems like it needs to be plugged to comp to use.
wont catch paper epson 610
If my printer won't feed the paper through either the document feeder or the other top feeder what could the problem be?
how to reset
how to reset
If it runs out of color, does this still print grayscale? Any of you current owners, can you tell me if I can continue printing in black/white even when one of the colors run out?
Cardstock and business cards? Someone suggested using the "heavy paper" setting -- does that work?
Do I HAVE to use Epson Photo Paper?? So my question is this...am I relegated to JUST using the Epson paper with this printer?
Ink consumption compared to the Artisan 800: As last years Artisan 800 was a notorious ink hog, I was wondering if anyone who has had the opportunity to use the 810 and its predecessor the 800 can comment if Epson has addressed that problem?
How is it with cover stock weight paper--80#, for instance?
Black ink gone after one month? Has anyone else had their ink disappear so quickly??
How can I get my printer to print with all of the colors (it's not printing any of the red colors even after inserting them again)?
Can i print from my ipad wirelessly?
can i use a pre-cut paper of any brand and any kind?
Does the Epson Artsan 810 work on the IMAC
Since the dimensions are stated as being 12"x12" my question is does this file really accommodate 12" x 12" sheets of paper?
Is the Spectrafile really only 1" deep? How much does it expand?
Roughly how much paper does this file comfortably hold?
Will 11x14 inch envelopes fit in this?
How durable is this once it starts getting really full of paper?
Are they 4 inch long ?
Trying to find 4 inch (100mm) vinyl paper clips and this item does not give a size
what are the dimensions of these?
Forty-Eight... Thousand Dollars... for... a PEN?! Are you serious?
Considerable length and diameter. Oh myyy. What are the exact dimensions?
Is this a good pen for Mark Zuckerberg to write the $16,000,000,000 check to the WhatsApp people?
Will it be able to write with the blood of virgins instead of poor quality everyday ink or is there and ink you could recommend to use with this pen?
I need a good pen for my upcoming Soyuz tourist trip to the International Space Station. How well does the Omas Phoenix function in zero gravity?
Where are the diamonds?
You couldn't have supplied a high-res photo or two? Count me out.
"Considerable length and diameter?" FOr nearly 50 grand you couldn't be bothered to measure?
I would like to know how you plate a phoenix onto a pen? Wouldn't that hurt or kill the phoenix?
Can I upgrade to overnight shipping for free? 6-10 days is a long time to wait for the price of my soul...
What kind of batteries does this need and do them come in the re-chargeable kind?
Are the keys large enough to use by touch?
Can you read the display in dim lighting?
what is the size
Is the screen adjustable?
what is the size of the screen only?
What is the size of the actual calculator? Last one I bought said it was 4.5" x 7" but that was the size of the cardboard not the calculator
Does this calculator have a button that you can go back a number if you hit the wrong key?
where can i get a copy of the users' manual? Thanks.
Not clear about quanity.How many are in the pack for the quoted price?
Is the entire back of the label sticky, or just a strip along one side (like a post it note)?
Can you print photos on this with a laser printer and use them to decorate apartment walls, then remove later
Do you think these Post-Its would hold up well enough in a move for boxes or furniture?
is the wardrobe solid wood or plywood with veneer?
Does the wardrobe have predrilled holes to attach more shelves?
What is the back material type?
Does this have the capability for call forwarding? Or the "link to phone" - is that just for transferring the phonebook on your cell or can you link the phone so that it will ring on your cell as well?
Does it have wall mount.
Any owners having problems with the line-2 TELCO VM notification display? (Not the Answer Machine) It works on the handsets but not the base.
can you record your own voice message on this machine?
How many telephone numbers does this store?
this phone work with PBX hospitality phone system
Does it have a headset jack?
How many different ring tones can I select from?
can the extra handset answer both lines
I need two extra handsets, making a total of 4 handesets. Do they all come already coded to the base and which is there an extra handset that will be
Where is the indictor light that shows thee is a message on the answering system?
What WIRELESS headsets will work with the Panasonic KX-TG9382T 2 Line Digital Cordless Phone?
how do i program ring tones?
I do not want to use the answering machine. Is it possible to turn it off and never have it turn itself on?
how is the speaker phone?
do the handsets come with snap-on beltclips?
my message counter shows 28 messages but we do not have any, and it will not reset to 0 can anyone advise
Does this phone have called ID?
is there a guaranty?
using KX-TG2740S 2 line&amp; 2 hand sets. Want to add KX-TG9382T 2 line &amp; 2 handsets &amp; 2 new lines. Will I get interference?
Hi, may i know whether this set come with a gift box? thank you....
Will you personalize this?
can names be printed on them
Where is the set made?
Does the pen come with ink? If so what color?
hi i bought a sliver paker pen and pencil,do you know how can i but the refills.Im confusing it!
WHAT SIZE IS THE PENCIL LEAD
How do you program it to stop printing receipt?
Does it print a report of daily sales
Battery operated ?
can you program the receipt to have the store name on it
I am looking for the piece that releases the drawer, do you have that?
does the register have a "daily as you go" journal of transactions?
does it have a spindle for used tape
do i have to change all the cartbridges at the same, or can they be stored in a safe place and be replaced, later, individually? Thanks
do these cartridges work with the HP 8610?
What is the expiration date on this cartridge?
Is this a refill or is it original genuine OEM?
Can I use a 940XL to replace a 940 in an HP 8500A all in one printer?
hp 940 versus hp 940XL: What is the difference if any?
hp 940 combo pack $46.99: this item projected to print 1400 pages?
page yield per cartridge
WILL THIS WORK WITH HP OFFICE JET 4500
is this (2) two seperate cartridges? One black &amp; 1 color. Will it they work for Officejet 4500 Desktop?
What is the expiration date of these cartridges?
will it work with deskjet 6500 series
will it work with deskjet 6540
how many pages will print?
Are these original HP cartridges?
can you also give the size?
i need hp 901 black and tricolor for an hp ofc jet 4500 wireless. this passes muster with the above q/a ...but, the serial on my instrument does not MATCH THE PRINTED ONES. HELP PLEASE. THANKS HARRISON REEVES ATLANTA
To the folks who use the PenAgain...have you tried the Ring Pen? If so, which one was better. I have mild essential tremor &amp; not sure which one to buy
speed?
Is there a similar pen with a cover so as not to get ink on things in your purse?
do these pens come in black ink
Can the marker holder be removed and placed some place else on the board? I need to hang it the other direction. thank you
Is this a portable board? Like you can use it for different presentations.
Is this board magnetic?
how do you install to wall
Can this be mounted vertically?
Is this board too large or fragile for an easel?
Does this board have any blemishes on it?? I need something white, ultra smooth, semi shinny, and blemish free to paint on. Does it fit the bill?
Can you use chalk markers with this board?
I lost the mounting kit. Can one get replacement mounting kits? If not, what alternative mounting method would you recommend?
If I want to hang this in a cubicle, what brackets and other hanging products do I need?
I have an old model (PT65) which is fine but seperating the backing ia nearly impossible. Is a PT90 any easier?
How do I get it to print in white or red ink? This is a new machine for me.
does this print vertical?
can i use this to label music cds and dvd movies?
I need to make sure that it has a \ symbol. Anyone know?
I have just tz tape will it take that size?
how do I change font size on the 1290?
Can I use 18mm tape?
Can I use it to print regular labels, as well as fabric iron-on labels (TZeFA3 tape)?
does it come with a full reel of tape? or do you have to buy the tape seperately?
What is the length of the pen refill? The "product dimensions" shown is 5.2 inches long... is that the length of the packaging or refill? Thx!
does this replace the #910? My filler has the #910 on it, but when I search for it, it gives me this one with 15158, is this compatible?
how log does refill last with average use?
This replacement will serve the same function or makes a number 809?
My refill has 911R on the shaft. What refill will replace this?
I have a montblanc pen, I am using the rollerball 706 replacement - does this one work with it?
my pen has size 3" 3/4 do you know the size it say on refill 506 ?
My original refill has: ISO 12757 2 H M DOC on it. What is the correct refill to order
are they packed in the original mont blanc packaging ?
Does this refill work for the meisterstuck?
is this Compatible to noblesse model pen
Will this fit the size I need 3 7/8 Length. The last ones I ordered were too long.
My original ballpoint pen has refill # EN1032009 (very old)- what do I use now?
is the packaging, meaning the blister pack, the 'exact' same as the illustration in your listing ?????
Can someone tell me why "Ergonomicaly designed for mazimum comfort" has two misspelled words in there? Seems very unprofessional.
how much weight this chair can support?
Can one adjust the distance between the seat and the knee pad to allow for a tall person of approximately 6 feet tall?
is there a lot of pressure on the knees? Do your legs/feet go to sleep from the angle of flexion and lack of circulation?
Can you be too short for this chair? I'm 5'2 if that puts it on perspective.
I'm just under 5'-2 -- short legs. Concerned my knees won't reach the knee pads properly -- or opposite, my bottom won't reach the seat cushion.
How high &amp; low can this seat adjust
I have artificial knees and cannot kneel with all of my weight on my knees. Is your weight on your knees or do they just rest on the pads?
Can you replace the casters with something that doesn't roll? I'm putting this on hardwood and I do not want to scratch it nor put a plastic mat down
How long can you be comfortable in this chair? Or should you have a regular one to trade off?
Did the product insert specify a weight limit on this chair?
What is the total chair height?
What are dimensions of seat width between arms &amp; depth, height of back &amp; arms, weight limit, etc?
Has any large persons bought and used this chair. I am 6'5" (195cm) and 260lbs (118kgs)? I worry that my large size might quickly destroy it.
Does this fold down for storage when not in use and for transporting?
I am 262 lbs and 5" 8" will it hold me? and can you tell me what the height of the knee pad is???
How long can you sit comfortably in this chair? Are the cushions suitable for long periods of time?
On another site it says this is 23.5 - 30 inches tall. Is that accurate?
does this work for someone 5'1"
I have had this chair for one year and one of the wheel casters has become stripped. Anyone know where I can find a replacement caster?
Is this adjustable? I just had it assembled, but can't figure how to adjust it.
does this move side to side
How do you adjust it for height. I am only 5 foot?
How low can you make the seat? I need to replace a chair whose seat is 16 inches off the floor.
Is it adjustable?
How high is the seat? I want something about 16" high.
weight limit
How much weight does the chair support
Does this fold down flat?
Can you use this chair without the wheels installed and not scratch a hardwood floor, i.e. are their attachments for the wheels that would stick out?
Has anyone contacted the vendor for replacement parts? One of my wheels broken also, and its only 4 months old?
I'm 5'11" - will this chair fit me? And do the casters roll smoothly?
how do you lower it?
How low can you make the seat? I need to replace a chair whose seat is 16 inches off the floor.
Is it adjustable?
How high is the seat? I want something about 16" high.
weight limit
How much weight does the chair support
Does this fold down flat?
Can you use this chair without the wheels installed and not scratch a hardwood floor, i.e. are their attachments for the wheels that would stick out?
Has anyone contacted the vendor for replacement parts? One of my wheels broken also, and its only 4 months old?
I'm 5'11" - will this chair fit me? And do the casters roll smoothly?
how do you lower it?
Is there a fixed shelf on the single door side? Another way to put it...is the adjustable shelf the only shelf in the cabinet?
does the cabinet have a back on it?
Is there a gap between the doors as some reviews state?
can they be used in the kitchen
is this made of wood
SIZE OF THE CABINET?
I would need to know height, width, and depth
How loud is the ringer and can it be turned off or soft ring? ?
Does this phone work with your computer For fax calls? thanks So Much ,Catherine
How well does the speaker phone feature work? Is it easy to be heard and understood?
My parents need a basic hone. Their hearing and eye sight is not good. They do not want a answering machine. Any suggestions?
does the telephone cl2939 come with a port other than the telephone line
Is the handset cord able to be swapped out for a longer one?
I have this same phone and I'm irritated by it because any numbers long distance I can't redial because I can't add a 1 to the number. Any fix?
Does it have memory
what are the dimenions
are the numbers on the keypad illuminated so I can 'dial' in the dark?
Can this be refilled with "Fisher Space Pen" Ink
How long is the pen?
what refills are the best to get for this pen?
Is it too heavy? I've never used a steel pen before. I like the control of plastic pens.
How solid are the tip and barrel of the pen? Could I drive this through a skull?
F-701 vs. F-402?
Does the 701 have a plastic tube inside the stainless lke the 401? On the 401 this would crack and the cone tip would fall out killing the pen.
Can this be refilled with "uni-ball Power Tank RT Ballpoint" ink
Can this pen take a schmidt refill? or can it be modified to do so?
What types of Zebra refills will this pen accept?
What are the measurements of these staples? Thanks in advance for the reply.
Does #10 Tot staples fit Regal 25 Stapler?
Will these fit the Advantus Tim Holtz Idealogy Tiny Attacher? I need to find he smallest staples possible to attach small 0.75 tags to drawstrings
These fit the old "Boston Bantam" stapler but I need help loading them.
I have a Tot 25 stapler, 2 actually. Will these fit that stapler?
Do these fit the "Lexon Clippy" stapler?
What is the minimum internet speed required?
AC adapter - 110V and 220V? Is the AC adapter capable of handling both 110V and 220V?
Is there a firmware update to it can work with the latest (horrible) versions of skype?
can we just buy one piece and use a laptop on the other end? can we just buy one piece and use a laptop on the other end?
wifi drops ! i purchased 6 of these and have a problem with the wifi staying connected on all of them. i have lynksis on 5 of them 4-g and 1-n, and 1 on a g netgear. suggestions?
Is there a place to put a mouse on the right side?
Will this fit under my couch. I have 5" of space. Also, I have a 16" computer (width) is it too heavy for this unit. Thanks.
where is the cart made?
I need a table that accommodates me while in my recliner chair. 27" to 28" would be great. My cat could still be on my lap. Is this wobbly?
Do you think this would be good to hold a projector + a laptop for mobile presentations?
Do the legs disassemble easily to potentially fit inside a carrying case?
What are dimensions of the main and non titling sections of the surface? Does this trip? How sturdy is it without the wheels?
What are the dimension of the desktop area?
Does the tilting part of the desk use a pin or compression to lock it into position? the one I have now uses the pin and I like it much better.
is there a lock on the wheels?
How long is the keyboard tray?
How far does the keyboard tray pull out?
what is the width?
What are the dimensions of the section that holds the desktop tower? Width, Depth, Height?
Is the small castered table on the right (where the CPU is) included?
Is the back of the desk finished so it can be placed in the middle of a room?
When you were assembling this desk, can you choose not to put on the computer tray? I'd use this with a laptop so everything would be up top. Thanks!
It looks like there is a front plate on the keyboard tray to make it look nice, how much does it stick up from the deck of the keyboard tray?
Is this OEM or refilled ink Cartridge?
Is this a genuine Lexmark cartridge - there are so many wannabees listed, and what does OEM mean?
does it fit Lexmark s 605
Will this ink work in my Lexmark PRO915
refill is cheap ???
Why does it say it can take up to one month to get the 100XL Lexmark Black Ink Jet cartridge? It hasn't ever before?
is this ink cartridge good for the lexmark prevail pro 705 ?
How many pages can you print from one cartgidge?
Can I use this in place of the standard Lexmark 100 Black ink?
pro705
How high this table can raise? Also, how easy to adjust the height? Can adjust frequently like 2-3 times a day?
Can this table be used with a recliner with the footrest up?
Does an optical mouse work on the surface?
Would this fit a 17" laptop, base dimensions about 16.5"x11.5"? Dell XPS 17.
I have heard that some similar tables suddenly turn over in bed and cause injuries. Do you think it is because of negligence or a mechanical issue?
How wide is this? I would like to use in a chair that has arms
How sturdy is this stand? I am concerned that if my cats jump on it, it will topple over and my laptop will crash to the floor.
can it be used lying down flat on back
Is it light weight and easy to adjust? Also, how well does the ventilation work?
Will the platform flip up into a vertical position to hold a tablet?
dimensions of the desk
Is the back of the desk finished or would it have to be against a wall?
How wide is the keyboard tray?
How tall is the space from the bottom of the keyboard tray to the floor?
Are the handles on the drawers removable if I wanted to replace them for different handles? Does that seem like it would be somewhat simple to do?
what type of wood is the product
Was the desk easy to assemble? How long does it take to put it together? Please advise.
is this real wood
Is there hutch option available for this
How do you get the corks in? Hot glue gun?
What is the size of the frame?
how many corks does it use
How many corks are needed to make this board?
Hi! What are the meaures?
WIRELESS
Will I need to purchase labels from DYMO to print or can I buy cheaper labels on amazon to use
Will this be compatible with Ebay?
I have a Mac and want to print in Paypal, any tips? Paypal seems it does not support it.
do we not need to buy ink for this?
Does this print USPS custom forms directly from the USPS Website?
is this compatible with usps &amp; ups
Does anyone use this to print shipping labels from Amazon and NOT Stamps.com, Paypal etc?
Do this printer work with Etsy shipping?
We use Stamps.com and ship a lot of international labels. Does this printer do that
what size tapes does the label manager 260P take
Does it have batteries?
Can you rotate printing 90 degrees?
Can this print the Polish language unique characters?
this mayb be redundant,but does that mean that "tz" tape won't work on this,i don't want to have to gon out and buy even more tape on top of a device!
Does it come with the charger? And tape to get started?
The info on the site does not show it is compatible with Windows 7 or 8... Has anyone used it on those 2 operating systems?
Does the printer come with all the connectors needed to setup?
does this product come with an initial set of labels?
Using the free service, can generic dymo compatible stamp labels be used?
Does this work for tracking and also overseas mail
Does this work on Mac Computers?
do you need endicia to use this?
Can you print wireless?
Does this only print out USPS first class postage OR can you also print out priority "flat rate" labels? Does this hook up directly with USPS.com?
Can this system work with Stamps.com?
Can this be used as an additional tray for the m525dn? Knowing it already comes with one.
will this work with the HP CP1215 Color laser Printer??
Will this work with the P3015dn?
will this work on the HP LaserJet Pro M521dn printer?
Will this work with a p3015 printer?
does this tray handle legal size paper?
will this work on a laserjet 400?
Do these have Livescribe 3 controls (i.e., the much simpler layout designed for the Livescribe 3 pen, notebook sku # ANX-0003-17 as shown on Livescribe site)?
Can I use the Echo pen with the A5 Notebook. I just purchased the portfolio for the A5 size notebooks.
how many sheets of paper?
The description says Scientific calculator? Is there one on the pper? what do they mean by this?
Are the sheets partially cut vertically along the side with the spiral for easy tear-out?
Is the option labeled "ruled" really dot grid?
is this product compatible with lenovo B590? Windows 7
Has anyone had success using it with Windows 8.1 and a wireless network?
What type of cartridge does it use? #60 ?
When was this manufactured?
640 vs 560: Can anyone give any advice on whether or not buying the Cannon Pixma 640 is worth the extra money over the 560.
Does the MP640 print true black &amp; white photos? My Canon MP190 will only print sepia tone images, even when the original is a true black &amp; white.
6c10 error message: Has anyone experienced a 6c10 error message on the mp640?
Heaviest card stock? Can pretty much any AIO handle heavy card stock/index card weight (100-110 lb)?
film/slide holder for canon pixma 990: could anyone let me know where i can buy them?
how do I print only in black?
Out of Grey - force print? Does anyone know a way to force print w/o the grey?
price of canon pixma mp990: Why does the price keep changing so much?
very light copies: Has anyone else had this problem and, if so, did you solve this problem?
Canon Pixma MP 990: This unit is described as an All-In-One Printer, is it capable of faxing?
ink cartridge installation: Is there a trick I'm missing.
Can you staple pages before thermal binding with the Helios 30/60? I worry about pages falling out.
Can I use thermal binding glue strips with the Fellowes Helios 30 thermal binding machine?
Does this work with the binding strips?
Can you bind smaller than 8.5" X 11"?
will it work with hard cover binders
What is the minimum amount of sheets?
Are the slots top-loading or side-loading?
Do credit cards fit and do they stick?
Does this item zip up or is it open book?
I need 25. Do you have more than 18 in stock for immediate shipment?
Brother MFC-495CW Wireless Configuration - Hidden SSID not supported?
how to set up?
Using Brother MFC-495 both wired and wireless at the same time: Does anyone know if you can use the Brother MFC-495W both wired (to my desktop) and wireless (for a laptop I plan to buy) at the same time?
What type of tape can I buy sice you onlyYget 1 tape
Is the label tape the shiny tape that can withstand a bit of oil, as opposed to paper-type labels? Need to print for essential oil bottles.
Can you purchase an adaptor to plug it into an outlet?
Can you print Amazon shipping labrls on this or.not and if yes is it easy?
Every time I hit the print button the power goes off. The batteries were just inserted. How can I get it to print?
is instruction sheet sufficiently clear
Will these labels stick to plastic freezer containers?
How well does it stick to CDs and DVDs?
does the tape come with it?
Can you make multiple labels that say the same thing all at once or do you need to retype each one?
What's the throat depth of this stapler?
Does this stapler open to tack papers to the wall?
how to load the staples
does it open from the top?
I have an ID badge that I need to take out and swipe everyday. Will I be able to slip out my work ID without having to unhook my lanyard?
Is this clear on both sides? I need to be able to swipe my ID without taking it out of the holder, and I'm wondering if this will suit that purpose.
What are the measurements for this?
Is it a 12 section- base with 12 rings? if so why the description said "Comes with six-section base, six ring sections and two wings." ?
does it comes with 12 section rings, or just 6 sections ring ? becus I am so confused by the adv in amazon.com
do i have to buy additional ring section to complete?
How well does this work on a chalkboard
Does it work on chalkboard fabric?
Use on fabric?
is the tip a 4mm? does any one know?
This marker was never opened until 11 months after purchase and it does not write. It was not left outside but in the kitchen in a drawer.
I work with mild steel and need a white marker. Will this work for my intention?
I have tried everythig, wet rag, wet wipes, Mr. Clean eraser, &amp;many other cleaners, but CANNOT get it off. please help!?
Will these work on a chalkboard decal. We have it up in a Career Center and I will need it to be easily removed.
markers to write on lighted electric neon restraunt boards
I have a BLACK (white) non-erase board - will this pen work on it?
How well does this work on a chalkboard
Does it work on chalkboard fabric?
Use on fabric?
is the tip a 4mm? does any one know?
This marker was never opened until 11 months after purchase and it does not write. It was not left outside but in the kitchen in a drawer.
I work with mild steel and need a white marker. Will this work for my intention?
I have tried everythig, wet rag, wet wipes, Mr. Clean eraser, &amp;many other cleaners, but CANNOT get it off. please help!?
Will these work on a chalkboard decal. We have it up in a Career Center and I will need it to be easily removed.
markers to write on lighted electric neon restraunt boards
I have a BLACK (white) non-erase board - will this pen work on it?
Can I print photos from Kodak camera.
Does this printer work with MAC OS10, version 10,4,11?
what ink cartridges does it use
why is my printer only pretending to print and is throwing out blank pages
why does my printer only pretend to print and throws out blank pages
how do you replace the ink on a kodak esp 5250?
Will the ESP 5250 work with Windows 8?
my 3250 will not print out checks with Quickens 2014 ? every thing else prints good .
Can I hook this Kodak ESP 5250 printer for use with my Dell PC inspiron 15? Thanks
How to I hook this Kodak ESP 5250 printer up for use with my wireless HP all in one Envy 23
Why does it only print the first page of an article instead of the whole article?
Is this a inkjet printer?
Trouble with software loading correctly on Windows 7?
Hi, i own an epson stylus photo t50 printer, and i&acute;ll like to know if this system works with my printer... Can u help me?
what is the difference between Artisan 50 and L100 printers
will this work on brothers mfc j450dw printer and which brand is best?
Will this ink print on PVC cards?
Will this work with Epson Artisan 1430
I see from the reviews that the labels stay on well. My question is Can you remove them if you want to? Or is there a lot of adhesive left behind? Thanks in advance!
Would this work on a daily basis on a kids fabric lunch box? Need to change info daily.
How do these compare to the ones sold at the container store? Same? I have not seen complaints about the pen and eraser on the CS version.
The package says included a pen and a eraser. Does it come with a eraser?
Can I use the Expo Dry Erase marker in lieu of permanent (Sharpie) markers?
Can I use the Expo Dry Erase marker in lieu of permanent (Sharpie) markers?
Is the label Oven-safe as well?
Are there replacement pens available?
Can I wash containers in dishwasher with labels on?
Has anyone tried this with baby milk bottles? is it okay or do you have a different recommendation
Could I use this to store my kids' CDs in? I'd like them to be visible and accessible and not scratched. :)
Do postcards fit in the slot?
is the plastic archive-safe, and will the pictures stick to it?
Are these pockets all top loading?
Would this work for double sided photos?
Can I hang it horizontally or would the photos slip out? im at college with a lot of wall space!
what are the overall dimensions?
Can this foot pedal control song playing in itunes and videos from youtube? I am a guitar player needing to pause, rewind, play songs and vids. -thank
(1/2) It says it's not compatible with the free version of Express Scribe. Is it compatible with the paid version?
Does anyone else have trouble with lack of response on the left pedal, or the rewind?
I bought this foot pedal a few months ago and used it without a problem. I tried using it today and it is not working. Can someone help me?
Does this foot pedal work with mac?
Is this compatible with free download of ExpressScribe?
I am a transcriptionist currently using a microcassette transcriber. my dr wants to buy the sony ICD-PX333 digital recorder. are these compatible?
does this foot pedal come with software?... i just received mine today..and nothing was in the box, but the foot pedal
Has anyone tried to use this foot pedal with For the Record transcription?
Can I reprogram the pedals to act as mouse-clicks in Windows? (RSI in hands) Would be for general use not just transcribing....
how does the Kodak i1120 compare to a Fujitsu iX500 in easy to use?
durability?
Do you ship to Canada
Can this scan multiple pages at a time?
whats the longest lenth of paper scanned?
Are all necessary cords and cables included with the scanner?
Is updated to 2014
I have one from 2009 is this a 2013 or do i just buy a card to update
Want SD card (English) for WikiReader fully updated
Does it come with batteries when shipped to another person
can my daughter use this as a dictionary for school?
How do you update the Wikireader??!!
Will the adhesive on the back leave residue on my desk if I want to move it?
Will this stick to a textured plastic surface?
dimentions?
whats the warranty on these mouse pads?
will they stay stuck on in the freezer?
WIll these wrinkle if they get wet?
Are these labels glossy/shiny?
Are these labels paper or Vinyl?
If these get wet do they have wrinkle like the paper ones?
I have a HP officejet printer, will ink smudge?
Do I need to purchase application specific ink cartridges, or will standard ones work? If special ones are needed, where can I get them?
Are these the labels with the TrueBlock adhesive (opaque gray to cover existing text underneath)?
Will these work with a color laser printer or just black and white?
Will they stick to glass? I have seen lots of reviews on plastic, but none on glass.
is this strong enough to punch through one lamanated paper
So this looks like it doesnt have the center ring punch. If it were more universally designed and not just for Filofax this would have been ideal
Will this work for the A5?
what are the dimensins between each hole, and between both sets of 3 holes?
What size Filofax does this work for?
where's a good place to buy a replacement PrintHead for the lexmark prospect pro205?
Print-head error problems/ Have other people had problems with "Printhead error," which rendered the printer unusable?
Printer-cartridge time-outs refill lock-outs? Does anyone know if Lexmark printers still do this?
Problems with printing on cardstock? Has anyone experienced this problem?
How to print envelope?
Is it compatible with Windows 8?
how do i clear the this note,there is a problem with the print head i clean the print head and i can not get the eco mode to go off
My printer just stops printing arbitrarily and puts out a message "recycle your old cartridges" or "printer ink is low - order online" ?
How do you use the printer on the top side
how do I set up this printer to print black only?
How good is this chair for gaming?
Can you tell me if you can adjust the arms up and down?
Does it lean back?
Can the arms be removed?
Is this chair good enough for 8 hours of use per day?
I need the total height on how high this chair will raise...
I cannot get the wheels to stay in the holes so I can get all the wheels to stay in place in place. They keep falling out. What do I do now?
I bought this chair back in Dec 2013 and it has been good since then. Now, when I seat, it goes slowly down : ( What shall I do? Thx
Was assembly difficult
What are the chair's demons ions?
What is the weight limit?
Proper instructions needed for assembly of lower part of chair [foot ring and height adjustment]
Is height at least 23 inches?
what is the seat height?
Height of the seat! SERIOUSLY THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT!
k there are differant measurements who is right is it 29 inches or 31 inches or 28.5 inches ??????
Is it sturdy enough for someone over 250 pounds.
Is this chair easily knocked over or unsafe around toddlers if one tried to climb on it? Would be for a bar in a play room area, not sure being metal and "hercules"...
my son is 280 pounds will he be able to sit on the stool
How much does the chair weigh?
what is the seat height?
Is there any wood on the chair? If so, where. It indicates black wood back.
are there 2 stools
Why you guys don't make a barstool 34" or better astounds me...everyone seems to want it. At your reasonable prices, you would make a killing.
What is the seat height range?
is the seat comfortable for long-time sitting?
How does it roll on carpet?
Does it tilt back?
What are the seat dimensions? Thanks.
Is this chair made in the USA?
Whats the color of laser? Red or Green???
Do you have to point at the receiver for it to work?
Does it work with a MAC?
Can you please confirm if this model has 2 spaces for batteries (1 for use 1 for spare)? Company said no longer making this feature and we need.
Does this send a F5 or SHIFT-F5 command to the computer to go into slide show mode? SHIFT-F5 is necessary for starting at a selected slide.
Will it work on the iPad Air
I lost the USB of my new Targus presenter - can I buy one separately?
If I lose the original mini USB receiver, can I get a new one without buying the entire unit?
Can this device work as a mouse?
If ordered, is it a New, in box, Targus amp13 that comes?
Will this remote pause and play videos on Windows Media Player or VLC?
Does it work with Windows 8 as a plug&amp;play device?
Can you please confirm this has 2 spots to hold batteries? Targus is no longer including this feature and we need.
What color is the laser pointer?
Does it work with the MacAir?
Will this work with my chromebook?
What do you mean by 5 Pack? Is it 5 pcs. of 1096 form? What is the price for this 5 Pack?
What year are these forms?
Are these for the 2014 tax year? And can I use them with a regular laser printer?
what software do you need for these 1096 forms - looking for a template?
Do you have the 1096 for 2013? Thanks!
Are these 1096 transmittal forms still 2013? Thank you
Is the the 2013 version of the 1096 form still?
Is this form the 2013 version?
How wide can you expand it?
are the dividers attached at the bottom of it to prevent them from slipping around?
will this hold large envelopes?
How many receipts or in my case coupons can it hold?
SIZE?? Responses range from 1 to 5 pounds and 3.5 to 7" tall. Curious variability. Question asked repeatedly. Maybe seller might post accurate specs?
Does it have a piece that goes under the door, or does it just stand next to the door?
Accurate! weight???
what size is it?
what size is it?
What is it's weight/
Ok I just ordered an Ooma. When I connect it to my wireless router about how long to get the phone # and unit working with my cordless phones? thanks
can I port a phone number at anytime?
Ooma and Directv: Does anyone using Ooma have experience with using it with Directv?
Can Ooma send a phone signal to my EXISTING 5 wired phones in my home? Each has their own jack. Or, do I have to REPLACE them with wireless sets?
How is this free? Does it use a Google Chrome number? Since the Google Chrome service will end next month or so, then what do you do with it? Pay the 10$/month fee?
I have a WiFi Router with 4 Ethernet ports hooked to a cable modem. Should I install Ooma between the Modem &amp; router or to one of the Router ports?
Ok if I purchase the Ooma and I have a 1 line Panasonic cordless with 3 handsets. Will all the handsets work as only the base station has a traditional phone/landline plug the other 2 handsets plug into the electrical outlet..
webex compatible?
I want to know if i buy one telo, do i have a monthly fee?
Why Ooma and not MagicJack?
does anyone know when the new ooma penu s342 handset is comin out: does anyone know when the new ooma penu s342 handset is comin out?
Does this work with ooma office?
Ooma handset and customer service: After numerous fake outs like; "are you there?
battery life
can i talk on panasonic remote with ooma base
does this work with ooma hub? After numerous fake outs like; "are you there?
Does this time clock come with any punch cards? If not, can you point to the correct ones? Thanks!
Would I be able to program it for 2 pay periods per month? I pay the 15th of the month and then the last day of the month (28,30 or 31 depending)
Does it stamp the date on the time card?
do you have to buy specific time cards for this time clock
DO you have to connect to teh internet to use this timeclock?
Where can I find replacement cartridges?
Is there a setting to get all 3 lines of text printed out at once? I did 2, but messed with the settings and now I get 1 line at a time. Help!
I am looking for a machine that will print date, time and "received" (not necessarily in that order) in one punch. Will this product do that?
DOES THIS COME WITH THE TIME CARDS?
One reviewer mentioned it only does 2 lines of text, but the description states it has "Programmable Alpha Numeric Printing - Up to 3 lines" - which is it?
Does this device print a year, month, date and time all at once?
work on paper other than time sheets?
How many pages can fit into this at one time?
Does this come with a starter ribbon or do I have to purchase extra ribbon to start with?
Is the time setting password protected?
I bought the COMPUMATIC MP550. Does it indeed include a built in battery as described? When unplugged, it shuts off and if it indeed has a built in batery, why is it shutting off?
Will this scanner convert negatives to prints?
Can you use this scanner independently of a computer? Does it have a memory chip slot?
How long does it take to scan 35mm negatives at maximum resolution?
Does it work with Apple (Mac) computers?
Can you remove the lid of this scanner or will it lay completely flat? My wife needs to scan some smaller oil paints to create prints.
what size prints
I have tons of photos I want to digitally convert onto my computer.I'm using my hp printer's scanner, however it takes forever. Is this any faster?
Does it work with Yosemite?
have some old larger negatives, about 2.3/4" x 4.1/2" will it scan these?
is this best scanner for old prints
does it include the hanging folders?
Is the lock secure?
how many hanging folders will it hold?
What is the actual height? Thanks
is it legal size?
Can regular, non-hanging, letter-sized files work in this?
what are the inside dimensions in inches?
is the box anti fire ??
Are there rails for hanging folders?
Hmm, it's locked.....guess I'll just pick it up and take the whole thing home. What am I missing?
I just needed to replace the "Magna", but bought this set. However, except black one, 3 of them look exactly the same? how to tell which is "Magna"?
Will this work with my Brother MFC 9125 CN printer? The sticker on it recommend the TN-210 series.
Are the drums for the specifi toner colors or can i use a magenta one for the black
Are these made by Brother?
i just brought toners for my 3170cdw printers when i install them the printer is making a noise what can i do?
Will these drums work on NON-USA Brother printer's? For for the USA MFC-9120CN the drum part number is DR-210CL (as per this listing). However in Australia for the MFC-9120CN the drum part number is DR-240CL. Are these drums interchangeable/identical,...
the MFC 9330 screen says I need a new drum...do i have to buy 4 new drums
Are these drums works with Brother MFC-9340CDW?
how many copies
this cartridge tn 210 its oem for mfc9325cw
Why does the cartridge (Tn210 for MFC-9320cw) appear to still be half full of toner?
Is there a high yield original Brother tone compatible with the HL3075CW?
Is this an OEM cartridge or brother compatible?
Does it work for HL-3075CW printers?
It is 48.95 not 49.42
How do I install wireless driver?
I have a black line down the side of printed forms, how can I remove this?
How does it print on glossy card stock? Does the toner show as rough print on the glossy card surface, or is it glossy and smooth like the card finish
Does this printer AirPrint with an iPad 2?
does it print photos
does it hava a paper tray for 8.5 by 14
Does this printer work well with coated paper?
Will this printer print on card stock
fuser location and replacement?
Does this printer support printing from mobile devices?
Does this print B&amp;W if there is not a color cartridge?
does it duplex print
how to determine which toner cartridge needs to be replaced?
toner
Could anyone suggest a wireless print server for this printer? It has one available network port on the back. Thanks!
how do you use a refurbished toner cartridge and reset the page counter?
I am getting the message to replace the black toner cartridge. We replaced it with a new one &amp; restarted it and we are still getting the same message.
Flakey envelope feed: Has anyone found a solution to the way the printer misfeeds envelopes about 90% of the time?
scanner leaves a streak in the scanned item: How do you fix a streak down the middle of every scanned document?
Compatible with Epson Workforce 545 All In One?
I need to know if this will work with the Epson xp-410 all in one printer
Will this work for the XP-310?
will this work for my Epson Artisan 710? Do you happen to have a USB cord for a 710 as well?
Will this work for the Epson Stylus NX430??
Will this work with the Epson Stylus NX215?
Will this work for a Epson Expression Premium XP 610 printer?
Will it work for Epson Workforce 435?
Will this work for Epson Expression Home XP-400 Color Inkjet All-in-One Printer?
Will this work on Epson 633
Will this converter fit a Diplomat fountain pen that takes international cartridges?
Does this work with Waterman pen?
How long is it?
Will this fit in the Hand Turned Fountain Pens sold by Jeff's Fine Pens?
Would this work with a 25 year old low end Shaeffer pen I have tried the Shaeffer converter model#SR86700 and it does not fit
Is this the same length as the Sheaffer universal pen cartridge?
Does this work with Apple products... ie- the iPad and MacBook? I'm leaving windows and the Mac world is totally new to me.
what all comes with the printer, remote, ink, paper ,box, explain
Is this model dual voltage?
Does the bluetooth adapter work from an iPhone 5s? I would like to be able to print wirelessly from my phone.
I have a canon rebel and would like to print from this, What cable would i use?
Will this printer print small charm size photos?
T5846 is compatible with the e5846?
That number of cartridge used?
Will it print other sizes than 4x6- looking to print 3x3, 2x2 etc. Thanks
We are hosting a Breakfast with Santa event and would like to print the picture on the spot after it is taken. Do you it would work?
How many pictures can print at a time? Before changing the ink?
does an ink/ paper starter pack come with the printer ?
The prints have lines going through them but it doesnt look like I'm running out of ink. Any suggestion on how to fix it because the printer is new?
Does it have inbuilt setting for diffrent sizes like passport size,postcard size etc. and what is the max size I can print?
what do I need to order with the printer to be able to take it outdoors right away use w, digi cams, do I need extra battery, cables, anything else?
If I don't use ink for long time, will it get dry and useless ?
Will this print on transparencies?
Can I connect my iPad or iPhone using a UBS to print?
Can I use any type of paper? I have a HP Photosmart printer as well and I really don't want to buy two different kids of paper.
Can you print wirelessly from your iPhone and ipad?
what is the model # of tape for this labeler
Is the label tape easy to peel off an item when you no longer want the label?
Can I use languages other than English? And is the tape waterproof? I wanna use it as dog tags.
Are the labels removeable? I want to label my bookshelves but want to be able to remove them without dagmage when needed.
AC charger: Is AC charger included?
Does it come with any tape or do you have to buy that separately?
Do I need to buy ink? or do I just have to buy tape? (if it needs ink what model #)
Is the shelf at the bottom detachable?
I would like to put magnets on the back and mount the board to my fridge. Does any have experience with mounting the board this way?
Would a poster that measures 18 x 24 fit inside the frame edges?
What is the back of the board made of ? Cardboard? Plastic? I need a large dry erase board for outside use, keeping score at Quidditch games...so it may get damp.
Is this board made of metal material or contain them? I have magnets, and I need to use them on this board. thanks
Is this big enough for homeschooling? I need room to keep up spelling words while teaching other skills. Thanks
Would you recommend this for homeschooling? I need room to teach basic math skills, spelling words, vocabulary, and so on.
Need for child to put on his easel and put magnetic letters on. Will this work
Does this board have a very strong magnetic pull? I am looking for a magnetic board to hold a chaos theor toy that moves and has hanging parts.
"Two brands of markers don't erase very well; leave slight marks on the board" - So what brand markers work well? Are all erasers the same?
Is this board magnetic?
Is this board magnetic?
How can I hung the board on the wall? Nails or adhesive?
does it have a shelf wide enough to hold and eraser?
Does this board come with mounting hardware? If so, what is the mounting hardware?
Is the writing surface of this board silver or white?
Does this come with bracets to hang on a cubicle?
Does the board have full metal back to adhere to magnets to display on a mini fridge
Can it be hung both vertically and horizontally?
hi,i have a lexmark printer model type pro200-s500 .can i use those ?
Does high yield 100xl fit a printer that uses standard yield 100?
Will this fit the Lexmark Model S605?
does it fit s405
Are these genuine Lexmark ink cartridges?
is it compatiblewith S300 series?
hi i have a lexmark printer model type 4443-2wn serial 000DL98434m what is the right type of ink it use
Cartridges seem to lose ink when printer re-starts. Does any one else experience losing color ink, with little use?
does this product come in Lexmark packaging ?
Does program mean that Lexmark is offering a discount if you return the cartridges?. or Does it mean that these cartridges have already been refilled?
What is the expiration date on your package?
is this compatible with lexmark pinnacle 901
what happens if you don't use the Color Cartridges for a while? I'm wondering, if I don't use the color cartridges for a while what will happen to these cartridges?
What is the difference between the Epson pro 3880 Standard Edition and the Designer Edition and the Signature Worthy Edition. I cannot see the differences listed anywhere?
I was wondering if this printer has a limit to how long prints can be? I want to make prints that are around 60 inches long.
Is this model wireless?
Does this model do scanning of art work?
can you use non-epson paper with this printer? if not why? If so, how are the results?
I suppose this unit is comparable with Mac?
Does this printer have the Advanced MicroPiezo AMC print heads with the ink repellant coating?
what is the largest format that Epson Stylus Pro 3880 Color Inkjet Printer (CA61201-VM) can print? I mean until 11x17, 17x22 or 22x34
How do I switch from Photo Black Ink to Matte Black Ink?
My Epson 3880 is dropping black ink on the pictures I am printing. Its like a series of ink lines along the edge of the paper. Help ?
Are these luggage tags two sided? I mean, can you display different stuff on both sides of the tag?
Is this product any different from just using contact paper?
im planning to make photo cards with these ouches. what is the size for the height and the width if im using microsoft office to adjust my photos?
Are these "weatherproof"?
Where to buy
Do these pouches come with the loop to attach them to the bag?
What size item can you place in these pouches? I want to pre-print everything so I have it ready to travel the day I get the tags.
exact size dimensions
Does this lapdesk do anything to cool the laptop? Or do I still need a laptop fan/cooler? (Mine overheats quite badly without a fan.)
Is there an all around frame or raised border so that it could keep a plate from slipping off...i.e., is it all flat?
surface: Does anyone know if this particular lap desk has a smooth surface so a person can write/draw properly?
wide enough to use a mouse pad?
what are the dimensions?
what is the length and width measurements
Since I have a wireless mouse, should I use it on the Lap desk? Or on the bed where I am laying?
Would you recommend this for gaming ? Dont have a desk and will be on a couch. Looking for something roomy.
How does this model compare with the LapGear Deluxe? I'm specifically interested in using this for gaming (with a keyboard and mouse)
Do labels stick in plastic bags?
Does this item have a socket on the Dymno Labeler to plug an A/C Adapter #40077
does it come with stickers already
How much tape does it come with?
how many batteries use
Does anyone who used this have the Brother MFC-240C? The ad says yes, but the drop-down tool for checking says no.
My printer is : Cannon Pixar MG5320..Will this work for my printer?
Do you have to peel off the plastic at the bottom? I am trying to figure out why mine aren't working?
drop down box said it's compatible with a MFC-685CW printer..just got them and my printer is not listed on the cartridge...very, very disappointed
Will it Hold a 32' LCD TV
Will it hold a 32' LCD TV
Does the OFC monitor stand come assembled? Some people say yes some people say no.
What exactly is the clearance underneath?
is this assembled??
will this particular tv riser hold a 50" flat screen tv so I can place my soundbar in front of it?
What are the measurements of the desk? Product details has it 52x25x6. A customer has it being 44 inches long. I am looking for something to fit in a 50 inch area. Thanks.
Is the file drawer set up to hold files and is it capable of being locked?
Does it come assembled
Does it come in other finishes
is the file drawer with lock and key??
Does the hanging file drawer have an actual bottom? I want to use it to hold other items.
Does the hanging file drawer have an actual bottom? I want to use it to hold other items.
Is the back of the desk finished so it can face into the room?
What are the dimensions of the chair gap? (how high/wide/deep-- need to see if my desk chair fits)
what is the depth if the desk and what is the height from the ground to keyboard shelf
Does the shelf area have an opening in the back for cords?
the dimensions
the dimensions
What size monitor will fit?
I'm puzzled by the dimensions offered on this page. What are the actual measurements--length, height, depth?
what are the dimensions of the printer shelf? How much weight can it hold/
What are the dimension of the space where the computer tower is suppose to go (LxWxH)? I have a big computer tower and want to make sure it can fit.
What are the dimensions for the chair opening beneath the keyboard.
Can you reverse the tower shelf to the Left hand side of the desk?
What is the entire width-side to side/
Can this desk be used for a laptop?
Does the board the keyboard sits on move, and if so does it retract all the way under the desk?
are the corners rounded?
Will I be able to fit a case with 17.5 x 9.2 x 20.8 dimensions into the computer case part? Search for B003IPOYGK here and thats the case I have. TY!
What are the measurements for the space where the computer monitor goes? I have an iMac and need 19" in height and at least 22" in width.
What is the rear of the hutch made of? Thin board? Cardboard? We want to put a cork board in the big opening and want to know if it will hold.
What material is this desk made from? Is there room for a printer on the desk surface? Can the cubby holes on the right side be eliminated?
How wide, tall and deep is the area above the file drawers? I would like to know if my printer will fit there.
Does the keyboard tray pull out on rollers, or is it fixed in place?
What is the exact measurement?
How high and wide is the area to the right of the computer, as I would like to put my printer there.
is that granite??
Looked at this on hayneedle, the color on both sites is Autumn Maple but very different colors per pic. Is the finish lighter/yellowish, or darker?
How clear is the display? Is it as clear as the display on Amazon's description page? Thanks to all who answered. I am getting responses that are opposite in their feeling about the display. Thanks to all in case I missed anyone. It seems most people...
what are the F keys for
What type of battery does the SCD-2110 require?
Can You Turn Off the Speaking Device or Make it Lower?
What is the main differences between SCD_2100(silver) and this model (SCD-2110)?
do you have to be connected to the inter net to use
hi i need to know if this device have arabic and turkish and english language and its repeat the word and its speaking device
is this english to english medium
Is there a Bookman card for it
How many actual words does it give definition to?
Will this fit a MFC-9340CDW?
My MFC9840CDW paper is jammed, wrinkle/tear every time and stuck at the "very hot" orange roller inside.Wonder if the fuser unit is bad ?
Will a worn out fuser make an impression on the paper as if it is not feeding correctly.
Will this fuser unit fit the Brother HL-4570CDW?
Do you ship to Canada?
Is this an original Brother Brand Fuser Unit (New from Brother) or a "remanufactured" unit by another brand?
When I make a copy not all of the sheet but maybe 1/4 of the page has a stress mark vertically on the right side of the paper. Is this the fuser.
Help! Making black and colorful streaks across my scans now! Does anyone know how to fix this?
legal size?? What are the size limitations pls: What size items can be scanned?
I would like to buy a case but not sure which one fits or if they all do.
Is this compatable with windows 8
How is this for scanning documents and pictures for my genealogy.
What is the typical digital size of the JPG file for a single scanned page? 5mb? 15mb? Roughly.
LCD problem
Shouldn't there be a light underneath when scanning like a copier has? Every thing seems to be working, the calibration was fine. Scans are black.
dose this also come with the soft wear CD to down load?
How would you scan a large 27 inch computer screen?
Will this work with the Red Arrow YH-31S Tagging Gun?
I have the Vtech gun, will these work?
I have an Avery Mark III will these work?
I have a Timbo standard needle gun and need more barbs. Would these barbs work in my needle gun?
My desk is rather deep. How far forward can these arms hold the monitor (closer to where you are sitting)? I have two 24" monitors.
Anyone have 1 monitor horizontal and the other vertical: Seems like it wouldn't be an issue as the mounting screws are equi-distant, but has anyone tried it?
What is the width of the clamp? It needs to fit inside a rectangular hole about the size of a business card (3" wide).
What length are the arms? How far do they extend?
Can this be used with just one monitor and remove the other arm or rotate it out of the way
length of arms?
Can this be used on a glass desk?
Will it work with two Asus VN248H 24.1" Monitors or are they to big? Can I still move the arms around or do they have to be straight?
can this be used for a single monitor? i.e. can i just remove one of the arms unt li have a second monitor?
What is the height of the pole?
Can this system handle two simultaneous calls on different lines from different handsets?
How does the hold button work?
Are you able to transfer incoming call to another phone number?
will a 2.5 CM headset fit in this unit
Is the Uniden DCX400 compatible with the RadioShack branded DECT4086, I need to replace a handset?
Can you remotely access the answering machine?
Is this wall mountable
anyone knows if the power adaptor indicates compativility 110-240v ?
Where is the "flash" button on the base?
wall mountable
On the Answering system, can you set up a different outgoing message for each line? Can I have one outgoing message on line 1 and another on line 2?
Is there a way to disable the answering machine so we can stick with our current voicemail feature?
It talks about a phone book, but does it allow for speed dial settings?
Can I setup the system to ring line 01 only in the base corded phone and line 02 on 5 linked units of DCX400?
Does it have build in call block feature? To eliminate unwanted phone call.
Can I attach a head set to the base unit?
On the cordless unit, how many connections is it or is it only the ac adapter?
Can you access your messages remotely? Can you wall mount the base and the remote unit?
does it come with bracket to mount on the wall
Does a Lamy Safari fountain pen fit in this loop? How securely?
will an ipad case close with it?
Can anyone recommend a good quality, reusable ballpoint pen that will fit with this loop? It is very small, and my existing pen is too wide.
How many pen loops come in a package?
Will this work with a Surface Pro 3 pen?
does it work for an iPhone?
Does a Fisher 400B Space Bullet Space Pen fit inside this pen loop? How securely does it fit?
Is this size smaller medium?
Would this adhere to a light weight leather cell phone case? Does it hold a stylus?
Would it work on an iPad with a stylist that has no clip?
Can this be used for laser printer? Is it good enough for printing barcode?
what's the difference between Avery 5160 and 8160 labels?
will these work for labels on freezer bags?
i want canon mg 2200
I need inkjet for a canon MG 2220/ 240 and 241
Will this work on the Canon MX310?
does it work for epson L355?
does it work for epson xp400?
Is this suppose to print blurry barcode lines after a couple of prints? 1st few coupons were fine but the rest were blurry barcodes..
have epson fx7610 need set of ink and black extra what is the item number?
Does it work for epson cx4900 refillable cartridges Refillable cartridges T0731~4 73 73N?
good morning, my question is if these inks serve for a printer epson tx100 rechargeable cassettes
Hi We need only 4 Black cartridges, where can we buy them?
This Ink refill set is good for NX510 Ink refill
Hi i need only 4 Cyan or Blue, do you sell its?
Just got product=your description states"made in USA" but printed on the product &amp; manual states "MADE IN CHINA" -is ink Pigment or Dye?-VERY WATERY!!
What is the tip size on these? Does "Fine" = 0.7 mm?
Any leftys here? does it smudge at all when you write?
Is the barrel black or blue?
Does it have a comfortable grip?
Does this pen smear on notebook or printer paper? Does it skip at all?
What are the refills for this pen? Thanks
Does it work with Chrome, e.g. a Chromebook or Chromebox?
will this speaker attach to a blackberry 9300 phone to give great speaker phone capability for a long meeting?
Would this Device work with the Iphone 5 ??
Does the mute button work on Windows 7 without using proprietary software? I'd like to use it for a web browser based communications tool.
How long is the usb cable?
echo
What are the dimensions of the unit?
What are the dimentions
The picture shows an usb cord and black case, do they come with the Franklin BES-2150?
Does this have spanish phrases? Or can I type in a phrase in English and it gets translated into spanish?
I am looking to purchase this for a native Spanish speaker learning English. Is it possible to enter Spanish words and have it translated into English
I am confused. Does this machine contain 2 separate dictionaries, English and Spanish or does it translate from one language to another?
does anyone use the currency conversion feature on this? Can it convert pesos to dollars for instance?
I bought it one and it doesn't work. What can I do??
i need a english to spanish speaking unit for a trip to nicaragua. What one is recommended
does it convert and speak phrases?
Weight and battery requirement
is there a difference between the 36in and 48in? If not why is shorter length more expensive
Will it clip onto a waistband, if you aren't wearing a belt?
I have 25 keys to my different offices. Will this still work or do you have another product that will fit my need?
Can you use the locking mechanism while the cord is pulled out?
How tight is the belt clip? I've had keys fall off retractable reels before (different brand), due to poor quality belt clips.
Can you tether this to a smartphone?
Theres a lifetime warranty, how do I go threw process to replace?
is there a model that locks while the cord is pulled out for maybe driving?
How do I wear it on my left side?
Can anyone explain how the belt clip converts to a loop as stated in the description? Or a picture of the loop?
I purchased this cartridge. Do you have a recommendation for recycling my old one? I believe that on prior purchases a return envelope was included,
is original or compatible ?
Is the Samsung 105L toner the same as a Samsung 105 toner
Is this a 2 line line on both devices?
When setting up Incredible PBX (Asterisk) will each handset be it's own extension, or does only the base get assigned an extension in the PBX?
Does this come with exactly what is shown in the picture? Both the corded phone (base station) and one cordless remote phone?
We own one of these and it works well except that every week or so it keeps ringing all three lines and when you answer, no one's there. Anyone else?
Can I use two to three land-lines with this phone set and serve together with six wireless handsets ?
Is there a speaker phone on the base unit?
Does this unit have the ability to pair with Bluetooth? If not any recommended models?
Can a wireless headset also be connected to this phone? Planning to use it with Nextiva service.
What kind of range do the handsets have from the base?
Is the KX-TGP550 desk phone wall-mountable? I haven't seen a photo of the back of it. Thx
does it hold 4 bills?
The size of the register
Is there a display on the other side (meaning so the customer can see the amount on the screen?)
why won t print roller print properly?
the number ink roller won't slide, the numbers print on top of each other?
Can kids play with it
Dose it take real paper or just printing paper
does it come with ink and paper to start with?
what size ink cartrigde
Does this item come with the keys and instructions?
Does it come with a warranty?
Which is the better or newer model, this or the Fellowes Powershred W-11C 11 Sheet Cross-Cut Shredder (3103201)?
Is this shredder dual voltage? I live in a country that uses 230 V (rather than the US 120 V).
How do you get access to basket to empty it?
can you put a bag/liner into the basket to collect the shreds without disabling the trip switch?
What's that hole on top?
Whats the noise level like?
How does this compare to the AmazonBasics 12-Sheet Cross-Cut Shredder in terms of quality, noise, and number of sheets it can shred?
How many sheets can this really shred? Some reviews say 10, others say less than 10. Which is it?
is it powerful enough to grind through junk mail without needing to open the envelope and separate everything out?
What is the seat depth?
How comfortable is the chair if you lean backwards? Is there some degree of movement that allows the chair to tilt backwards?
what are the dimensions, io.e. width?
does this chair recline?
What is the height from the floor to the seat?
do you have to use the arms on the chair or can the chair be built and used with out?
Are the arms adjustable?
Is the seat mesh and are the arms padded
What is the floor to seat height range?
what is height form seat to floor
Can you please tell me the seat height of these chairs?
what is the height of the seat
Does this come as a set? or individually?
Did the price of these chairs jump by like $30 in a week????
does it print 11x17 paper
Does it print in 8.5 x 14" as it is or do I need aditional accesories?
Does this come with cartridges?
Is this network printer?
Does this offer include the initial 4 cartridges needed?
does the HP CP4025 do duplex printing?
is this compatible with Mac OS as well as Window?
Will this printer print on 11" x 17" paper?
does this copy?
WHAT ABOUT AN ADDITIONAL PAPER TRAY FOR LEGAL
Does this printer come with the manafacture warranty?
does it scan?
Does it have a manual feed tray? How does it work?
How does it do in printing envelopes of regular stock and heavy stock?
Does this device work with Windows 8?
What is the quality of the scanner photo? Only one feedback addresses this issue.
Sometimes when scanning a slide, the unit freezes up and the only way to continue scanning is to unplug the power supply and plug it in again. Why?
is this mac compatible?
Can you correct the image on the scanner? Does it enahance the image at all? At least adjust the white\black balance or any simple adjustements?
Software needed for 8 mm movie .
How easy to use?
Will this scan 110 slides mounted in the small 1 1/8" square frames?
How well does this product scan super 8 film?
Is there a tray for 110mm slides. They are about 1 and a 1/4 by"1 and a 1/4".
does the elmo stand alone, or does it need a projector?
Is there a video output? I have a presenter who requested this and we need it to appear on two different screens.
If I buy this, is there anything else that I would have to buy in order to project images from a book as well as use with my computer?
Is there a device that connects between the elmo and the projector and then into the computer?
can it be connected to the apple tv
Do you need to have a white board to project on to, or will Elmo project on a chalk board?
Does this come with all the cables needed to hook it to a monitor or projector?
how many in package?
How many are there
How many rulers come in the pack? The picture shows 10, but the title of the product says "5 pack most popular colors"
Will notebook lay flat when open?
Would anyone be willing to share the kind writing instruments or the kind of tabs they use for dividing sections in this notebook?
How many "lines" are on each page?
What is the cover made of? Is it leather? If so, is there a comparable product without a leather cover?
Is there an actual monthly calendar?
Where are these made?
How many "lines" are on each page?
How well does the elastic strap hold up? Looking for an alternative to Moleskine because the strap gets stretched out rather quickly.
What's the paper's color? I'm looking for a notebook with white paper, not yellowish.
How flexible/bendable is the cover, vs. the "soft cover" version? Is this one completely hard? (Will it slip/bend into a refillable cover?)
What is the wheel diameter? My current chair has 2 3/8 inch or 60mm wheels.
hello the wheel broke off my chair the whole stem is ( 1"7/8 ) and the part of the stem that goes into the chia is 7/8" what do i need to oder thanks
Is this compatible with Lexmod office chair, EEI-595-BLK?
I just oreder some and the stems are too short to replace the original ones. The stems on my chairs are 1 5/8" long. All the ones you sell are 7/8". Can you get them with longer stems that will fit?
will they mar wood floors ?
are these non marring and good for tile
I'm looking for castors that will roll easily on carpets. Are these castors the best ones for carpet?
How many casters come with this set?
I can't remove the stems in the chair. Is the replacement stem permenately attached to the wheel?
will it fit sprezzatura armchair?
what is the weight limit for these casters?
Do these casters last longer than the original plastic ones?
These don't seem that different from my chair's current casters. Is the roller material softer? Mine are hard plastic.
Has anyone used these casters on an Ikea office chair?
are these as protective for wood floors as the felt covered casters? these are about half the price...
Are these priced individually?
ARE THEY GOOD ON TILE FLOORS
Will these wheels work on carpet? How about rolling from carpet to plastic desk mat?
Will these fit my Lorell High Exec swivel chair? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007...
do these casters have a lock when no weight is on the chair
is it peel &amp; seel ?
I have the intuit #331. Do you know if this envelope is compatible?
I use Quicken to print checks. Can I use these envelopes to mail them?
Thanks in advance: Does anyone know the actual dimenison of the windows AND the measurement from edge (top, side &amp; bottom) of envelopes?
Are these envelopes compatible with Peachtree Accounting Checks?
I use deluxe business check form product SSLT104 to use with 91663 envelope from Deluxe. Will your envelope fit this check so it printing is readable
Would you be able to send me a sample of this envelope?
Are these #9 envelopes?
what size are the windows?
Are these envelopes heat resistant?
Is the memo hidden? The last QBooks envelopes I bought showed the check memo in the window no matter how you adjusted printing
What size are these? #9? Can you add the envelope number designation to the description please.
I print quickbook checks- one check at the top and 2 vouchers. Will the checks line up in the windows if I include a voucher with the check?
Are these roomy enough to fit both a check and any additional info you might want to send to Accounts Payable (ie. a bill payment stub)?
Are these envelopes compatible with laser printers? In other words are the plastic windows heat resistant?
Can I use this for Sage 50 checks as well?
will they work for my quickbooks invoices??
Have you tested these with Quickbooks 2014? The positioning seems to have changed
Will these work for pay stubs printed with QuickBooks?
Can you provide more detail about window size and placement? I am gunshy about double window check envelopes where you can't see the address etc.
Does this machine have the option to run on batteries as well as a plug in?
Please, I need to know that its the power comsuption of this machine?? thanks!)
we give a 10% local discount - is there a function that will allow us to do this easily?
i have a square credit card reader, will this work on this machine?
What kind of ink does this machine use? How do replace the ink?
why does this product require 2 double AA batteries?
Can you use with a bar code scanner?
Can you program the items so that it will show up on receipt, such as t shirt, towel..etc
Can you program to print business name &amp; address on the receipt?
Does it have a spindle for the tape to wind up on. I don't need to give receipts.
is this a pack of pencil or just one
black warrior HB2 lead not dark anymore, what happened?
I am looking for Mirado Black Warrior No. 2.5 --- Is that the same as #2?
Will the lead hold up to a heavy hand? Just out of bad habit that will never change, I press very hard usually resulting in flying lead.
Are these round pencils or do they have angled edges? thanks.
I'm a beginning writer and are these worth trying for my new series
Do these come pre sharpened ?
Whats the difference between the Black Warriors and Mirado Classic Yellow pencils?
How do Mirado Black Warriors compare to black Dixon Ticonderoga's and the Palomino Blackwing?
Are these the ones that were made in the USA or the new ones that are made in Mexico? I've noticed a slight difference when writing using old and new.
Is there an option to turn the ringer off completely?
how does the phone mount to the wall
Is the cord cloth covered?
What are the dimension of this phone?
How long is the cord?
Can anyone answer the question if this phone will fit on today's modern wall jack that has 2 round metal disc that hold the phone on the wall plate?
What type of ring sound does it make?
We like the phone, but we would like to know if the phone works with today tecnology?
What exactly are the engravings on the outside ring around the number buttons? Are they horses?
Will it fit on a walljack having two slots for the round metal pieces that hold the phone on the wall plate?
Are these the very finest, thinnest lines I can get like the way they made them year's ago? Almost the width of a hair?
Do they bleed? I'm searching for a pen I can use in hand-lettering work and want something I can trust not to bleed on regular printer paper.
Could I buy a box with 4 black, 4 blue and 4 purple?
For Writers that are fans of these pens....What is the smoothest paper to use with them?
How long does the ink in each pen last? (pen lifespan)
Which one has the finest, thinnest width?
Are these permanent? I would like pens that don't smudge or bleed from water or alcohol markers
What is the difference btwn Extra Fine point and Super Fine point? They appear to be the same.
The price is for 12 ?
How many pens do you receive per order ?
Do you also have 1 1/2" sleeves in stock?
Is this suitable for a Sandusky Lee Shelving Unit Post? I need a 1" dia x 1 3/4" H. Is it approved to support the same weight?
i need 10 packs - they are light weight and going to 10025 zip code - what price can you do for shipping???
Does this work with "Whitmor Supreme Small 3-Tier Shelves"?
Are they for 1" diameter verticals ?
are these for 1" diameter verticals/poles ?
Do these Lock clips work with Costco's Shelf Tech units?
Why won't you ship to Alaska?
Do you have the locks for the smaller post? I believe they are 3/4 in diameter.
Are these the very finest, thinnest lines I can get like the way they made them year's ago? Almost the width of a hair?
Do they bleed? I'm searching for a pen I can use in hand-lettering work and want something I can trust not to bleed on regular printer paper.
Could I buy a box with 4 black, 4 blue and 4 purple?
For Writers that are fans of these pens....What is the smoothest paper to use with them?
How long does the ink in each pen last? (pen lifespan)
Which one has the finest, thinnest width?
Are these permanent? I would like pens that don't smudge or bleed from water or alcohol markers
What is the difference btwn Extra Fine point and Super Fine point? They appear to be the same.
The price is for 12 ?
How many pens do you receive per order ?
How accurate is this? A "K. Andrews" commented on someone's review that you can not have a scale that has BOTH large weight capacity AND precise graduations/increments. For example, a scale that can measure up to 75 pounds won't be able to tell the...
Can you read the display when there's a large box on top of it? I've seen other scales that have a detached display so it's easier to read.
Does this scale have a USB port? Does anyone know if this scale will connect to your computer to automatically import the weight of the package so that you don't have to manually enter in the weight for the package/postage?
Why does the top part of the scale open?
Can you turn off the auto hold feature so it constanty changes?
what are the dimensions of the weighing surface?
Weighing Large Boxes? Can I use this scale to weigh standard large boxes (18'' x 18'' x 24'')?
I am confused about the "on/tare" button. How do I get it to measure the item and the box and be sure the tare function is turned off?
How do you calibrate this unit
Calibration: Does it come with the 500 gram calibration weight pictured in the illustration?
wHAT MULTI FUNCTIONS DOES THIS PERFORM?
Is this a band new printer price (not refurb) and what kind of warranty comes with it?
How does the adv exchange service work?
Does this printer also have a LAN card installed for ethernet access?
What is included in the packaging with these printers? Toner catridge? Fuser? Power cords?
Does it comes in CD 1 and CD 2 That's what I got!
Is this cd compatible with windows 7?
Is it compatible with Windows 7?
How are printers changed in printers available box
Is this form 2-sided? Medicare requires the 2-sided form.
Is a digital form version available?
Is the old version (08/05) still applicable? When is it mandatory to switch to the new version? thanks
when can I get the new version? will it have a carbon attached? can I get it printed with my information
I am looking for the old form (08/05). Are these them? I do not want the 02/12. Thanks!
How can I personalize the form?
What version is this? 08-05 or the new 02/12?
Are these forms 02/12
is this form the approved omb-0938-9999 form cms-1500
Are the internal folder flaps made of polypropylene or paper?
It shows three in the box, is that how many you get?
Does it hold folders and not just documents? I have to carry 10 letter size files that are a quarter to a half inch thick each will this work?
Does the 10" height measurement include the handle?
Is anything on this file made of metal?
How many pages would this fit approx until its fully expanded? thanks
How do I specify the color I want to order? I specifically would like it in smoke...
If I buy multiple items will I get the same or different colors? I want to order couple but I need them in different colors.
Does the bottom expand, or only the top? Thank you in advance!
Has anyone else had a problem with this product setting off the security sensors at the entrances and exits to stores?
can it record a conversation
If there are multiple cell phones in the house how does the system know which phone to use?
Why are you selling and how old are these? Do all the batteries work on the units?
I want to buy a Bluetooth headset to use with this phone (not a cell phone). Can I use any kind? Anyone have recommendations?
Do the numbers light up? It looks like they do in the photo but I can't tell for sure.
Frankly, I want the handsets (though I'll buy all). Can I add them to my current base? I already have 5 sets connected the last one was an addon DS6301.
can the answer machine be shut off and use phone company answer service
Does the base unit have a speaker
What kind of batteries does it have (AA, AAA, 9V, etc)?
does it have speed dial?
Does this gadget convert slides to CDs?
Will it do other sizes of negatives besides the tradional 35mm?
Is it compatible with windows 8.1?
How do I get the operators manual?
Is this and the software that comes with the scanner compatible with Mac OSX computers?
how many inches is the seat from the flloor? will they fit with a table that is 42 inches in height?
Are these bar stools comfortable to sit in? ( i.e. seats cushy enough, chair backs supportive, etc)?
What is the color of the metal frame? Picture looks brown/bronze... I'm considering a glass table w/black gold metal frame...Help!!
What is the weight limit of these bar stools?
What color is the metal? I can't tell if it is black or dark brown?
Hi, what is the width of the seat cushion?
is the cushion removable?
Does this chair swivel 360 degree???
- What are the dimensions of this item?
Dimensions????
Is the granite top removable for cleaning?
I need help finding a template to use with this cutter. HELP
How much does this weigh without packaging? Also what are the size dimensions?
Can you cut different card sizes? or just the standard 2" x 3-1/2" cards?
Can this cutter handle full-bleed cutting?
Could you use this to just cut 2" strips?
can you replace the blades
can it cut laminated paper
What is the standard paper thickness this card will cut? Will it do 100lb card stock?
Can any of these drawers handle hanging files? Looks like 3 smaller size drawers...
Does the file cabinet lock?
What is involved with the assembly ? The website states some assemnbly required.
How dark is the brown? Would you day it leans toward a medium brown or a darker brown? I'm trying to match it with 2 other pieces.
Has anyone had issues with the drawer handles?
Is the Ac adapter fors on 110v and 220v at same time? Can it be use over sea? or only USA for eletric out and in put? Is the Ac adapter fors on 110v and 220v at same time?
Should Amazon remove or tag "user error" reviews? Is the Ac adapter fors on 110v and 220v at same time?
Charger - 110 &amp; 220V? Does the charger for this phone support both 110 and 220V outlets?
does anybody know if I miight be able to use this phone in Switzerland? thanks
How many cards are in the box?
Are the envelopes see through and cheap? or will they cover the card? I dont want my mail getting stolen by people thinking its a bday card ---
Would a cd fit in here?
What colour are the envelopes?
how many cards?
HOW MANY CARDS IN THE BOX?
Does this cis still work with the new firmware update? I have a epson 725.. Thanks in advance
I have bought your Continuous Ink System. It has been used continuously, but the one of the red have stopped working. Headcleaning do not work. What t
Have any of you had problems with the system on the Artisan 725?
how do you reset when shows low ink
Hello I would like to provide me with information about the printer p50 +Gigablock Continuous Ink System for Epson+ Ink refill set for CIS/CISS or refillable cartridges using Epson p50
does it come with pigment ink prefilled? if not, can i refill with pigment ink?
do you sell larger bottle refill ink ?
Is it possible to downgrade the Epson printer firmware to ensure this product will always work?
Does this system fit the Epson XP-610?
Do you know if this will fit a Graco my Ride carseat?
is this wide and high enough to fit over an adult's lap in a chair
Do the side trays hold a drink...Soda can, cup, or plastic cup?
does it fit around a britax seat
fit britax car seat?
Does it print the date also?
I bought this one 3 days ago, according to a book, I can't set the time. how do I can set the set the current time?
I bought this one 3 days ago, according to a book, I can't set the time. how do I can set the set the time?
Is ths unit wall mountable?
Does it swivel? Is it height adjustable? And does it pivot?
Can the chair be installed armless? (Is it still sturdy and does it still look good?) Also, what is the lowest seat height possible?
Is the back tall enough to rest your head against?
Is this chair white or off-white? How comfortable is it?
does this lock in a variety of recline positions ?
What does the back of their look like?
Can the wheels be replaced if need be?
Pneumatic seat height adjustment failure. Is this fixable?
Pneumatic seat height adjustment failure. Is this fixable?
Do you have an executive chair for a person with back pain?
Hello!!! I would like to know If this seals can be used with my personal embosser machine. Is it metallic foil??? Thanks for your time
My Embosser is 1.57" dia. , what size seals should I use, will the 2" seals work?
What is the diameter of the seal?
Is this 100% metal? Can it hold NON-hanging files?
Does this come with the racks/track ready to hang hanging files, or do those need to be ordered separately?
Does this come assembled?
how is the durability/sturdiness of this file cabinet? alot i've seen have the front handles come off and the metal can bend.
Is this deep enough to accommodate tabs on the hanging folders?
How high is the cabinet?
Does both drawers lock securely?
Are the drawers full extension?
Does this take legal files hung the other way?
does it come assembled?
how far out does the drawer pull out. 24"? or smaler
what are the dimensions of this item?
do both drawers lock?
does it arrive fully assembled?
is this cabinet sized for legal files?
What are the dimensions of this item?
Is the cabinet fully assembled when delivered.
What are the dimensions?
This is desk organizer for legal size 8,5"x13"?
What is the overall height of the unit?
what are the dimensions of this item?
What is the overall height of this cabinet, with casters?
The description says, "side drawers are ready to accept hanging file folders..." Does that mean the hanging metal bar is included?
What material is the cabinet made of?
what is the height of this file cabinet?
Does it fits a office letter folder?
What is the height without the wheels on this cabinet?
What is the height without the wheels on this cabinet?
Are the handles chrome (shiny)?
Would these look nice enough to double as nightstands for a guest room?
Is this item supposed to come with wheels? Mine did not.
How high will this chair go? I'm wanting a chair with the seat about 22-23" high for sewing.
Hey does this chair tilt at all? Thanks
What weight would this hold at max?
What is the full diameter of the base as I need one that is under 26", as well as the overall depth?
How low will this chair go?
i just order this item $49,99 today, but they no charge for delivery,so why now you charge $4.95
How do i adjust the height ?
When it's adjusted to its lowest npheight how tall is it for floor to top ?
Okay guys, lol. What I was asking if there were arms I could buy for the chair. Sometimes they make arms that you can buy separately. :P
Are there arms I can buy for this chair?
Is this reinforced paper? Does it have the laminate on the left edge around the hole punches?
Are there hole punches in this paper?
Is it just one pack?
Is this cabinet sturdy enough to put a (4-in-1) printer, scanner, copier &amp; fax machine on it?
Do the drawers have sliders? So they glide open easily.
how much does this cabinet weight
do the drawers pull all the way out ?
Is this a metal file cabinet or wood?
Does this launch only once or multiple times?
What additional supplies are needed to use this kit?
do you need other items to be able to launch rocket?
I cant get the rocket to shoot. the engines wont ignite. what am I doing wrong?
what size engine is minimal for this?
What launch set does this come with - Amazon says the Porta-Pad I but Estes site says the Astron II - same part number on both sites though?
how high can it go?
i can launch different rockets from the launch pad right?
The instructions above say to start with the A8-3 engine for the first flight. The B4-4, B6-4, B6-6, C6-5 or C6-7 for subsequent flights. Why?
if i get the A8-3 engine how high will it fly
if we purchased 6 packages, are all the sheets "unique" (no multiple winners / game)
it comes w/ the balls?
it comes w/the rolling pieses
how big is each game sheet?
What is the number range for column? B I N G O B 1 - ? I ?- ?
Everyone talks about the non skid platform, how about the legs. It will be used on tile floor. Will it slide?
How much does it weigh?
Can this footstool be used in the shower?
i am over 300 pounds and want to know what the weight limit is. thanks
Will this slide on wooden floor if knees are bent and feet are pushing/resting on stool?
Dimensions are listed as 11x14x8. I also see overall product height and step height at 6". If I step onto the stool, will I be stepping up 6 inches?
What are the Length &amp; Width of the Step Surface of the product
what is the weight limit on this product
Does this stool come fully assembled?
What is the size in inches. I need something that will hold an 8x10 sheet with a small border.
Is the clip removable?
Can you hang these on a nail?
Please, let me know the size in CM, not INCH. Thank you
Is there a way to hang these clipboards on the wall. Specifically, do they have the circle thing on the back side or just the front side?
Are these Clipboards CE marked?
Is this Easy to use
the size in centimeters, please
Can I read from Georgian with this device
Can I use this with a laptop that does not have a disc drive?
Is it necessary for the pen to be connected to a computer while scanning ? Does the pen have memory to hold scanned information ? .. Rajani
Does this work with a Mac? And can it scan into Google docs?
Does this pen work with an apple macbook pro laptop?
Does this pen work with an apple macbook pro laptop?
Can it scan for Chinese word?
Does this work with Windows 7 and I have Microsoft Word - 2003 on deskstop, and 2010 on laptop will it work in both?
Will this scan as editable text into Excel?
can it be used with asus android tablet (tf700t)?
My laptop is 15 inches long x 10 inches wide. Will this fit my laptop and leave room for the mouse? Thank you, Alice
Will a 17 inch laptop fit comfortably?
Does this lap desk allow airflow under the laptop? Does it assist in keeping your laptop cooler?
Does this help keep the laptop "vented"? Thanks
My laptop is 16.5 wide by 10.5 inch deep, and I want to use a trackball at the side- will this work? Thanks!
Is the wrist support good?
Does it make laptop feel lightweight?
I have a Surface Pro 3 w/keyboard attached &amp; kickstand out, it is about 12.5 inches long. Is there enough room for that? What size is the wrist rest?
How much does it weigh? I have a laptop desk now but it is heavy (almost 5lb). I am looking for a lighter one. Thanks
Will the surface work for paper and pen type writing?
The photo shows 4 XL cartridges. Are ALL four of them XL? This is important to me, I do not want to purchase if ALL are not XL.
Are these origional HP 940 XL ink cartridge or are they remanufactured?
Will the XL color cartridges fit where there are regular sized ones now? It doesn't look like a larger cartridge will fit in the slot on my 8500A.
Is this ink manufactured by Hewlett Packard?
What is the expiration date on the cartridges
parts: Does item DBL5359-00 come with the metal bracket or just the pages?
can this be hung on a a fabric wall without damage
how can I get the replacement panels?
Can this be mounted in an office cubicle?
Can this be mounted both vertical and horizontal?
How many inches is it from the floor to the bottom shelf? Is the bottom shelf removable?
Does this work for taller people (~6')?
I am left handed. Is that mouse position reversable?
What's the height of the keyboard shelf?
Does the keyboard shelf lock in place when extended?
does the clear monitor stand shown in the picture come with the desk?
how high to the bottom shelf
how low can this station go?
Is the back (i.e., the opposite of where you stand) of the desk finished? I will put this facing my living room.
is the height adjustable? also does the width fit a laptop and a Screen (21.5inches)
Is the surface good for writing and or doing crossword or word search gamesfound in books?
What is exact size (in inches?)
I want to use this as a writing surface for 11 year old's in a Sunday school classroom setting. Would it work for that?
Can this be used as a food tray
Is this high enough or and right angle to sit in a chair with a ipad mini or lay in bed? thank you
would this be a good angled desk top table for drawing? a7year old
would th?is be suitable for an adult
Is it possible to remove the bean bag at the bottom?
What size tablet will fit in the groove?
Is this compatible with a 13 inch MacBook Pro? Looks small.
I have a 26" TV... will this work?
What are the dimensions? I'm especially interested in height.
Will I still need to buy a TV wall mount bracket to mount my 42" LED TV?
Is this guarrenteed to work? I bought others and I keep getting errors on my printer and have not been able to use it since!
I have a c7280. when I check the menus will the menus show a valid experation date for the cartidges?
Are these actual original HP cartridges that have been refilled, or are they made by someone else?
my printer model is : HP Photosmart C7280 All-in-One Printer. Are those inks can fit the printer?
So is that 6ea of every color?
will these fit an Avery Dennison Tagging gun?
are these nylon, or polypropylene
will they work in the std. wiktag gun?
is it wobbly
What is the size of the top platform where you sit your laptop? I currently have a 17" HP laptop and am wondering if this will be suitable.
Can I put a monitor on top and a regular desktop at the bottom?
Can this be used as a small standing desk?
does the top tilt?
What are the dimensions of this item?
What is min. and max. seat height?
What is maximum diameter at the legs/casters? I have a limited space this needs to be able to roll into. Thanks.
how much weight will this chair hold
What is the covering, fabric or vinyl?
What are the dimensions of the seat? Thank you.
What is the width of only the lense itself ? Not including the frame, just the lense you view through.
Is the lense made of glass ?
I am not able to put this together. Any tips? The piece on the lamp does not fit in the area that it should as far as I can tell.
What is the magnification level? 2x, 5x, ??
How long after overheating does it take to start working again?
overheat
What is the maximum contineous run time for the OfficeMaX 10 Sheet micro-cut shredder? Thanks.
1. thickness of seat cushion 2. Maximum weight restrictions
Can the casters be removed?
seat height
How well does the back adjust? Would you recommend this to someone who needs lower back support without having to lean all the way back?
Would this work well for printing detailed maps? If so, which quality of print settings, low, medium or high?
I use an HP Photosmart printer that uses HP 02 ink. Has anyone tried this paper with this ink? I'd love to hear your results. Thanks.
How heavy is this paper? I want to make re-usable cut-out patterns; would it hold up to repeated tracing of fine details? - Thanks!
"Product Dimensions 6 x 10 x 3 inches"????
how thick is the paper 5 mil? similar to 24 bond?
Is it 8 1/2 X 11 or 3 X 6 X 10 inches?
Can you write on this with a pen or pencil?
Does the printer comes with a cutter system? or the output sizes are predefined?
Does it cut into photo booth strips? Meaning it would automatically cut the 4x6 into 2 2x3 strips?
Are you still happy with this printer...What size prints? Can you print 5x7s and 8x10s...
Any ideas about Yosemite drivers? Thank you
I purchased this printer and can't find a driver for Windows 8 . Is there a compatible driver for windows 8?
does this print up to 8x10?
does it print ID photo of diferents sizes?
Can I print postcards? with thicker paper?
Does the purchase come with Photo Roll &amp; Ink?
sise for printing pictures
Can anyone tell me if the back is finished? I'm looking to float this in my office not against a wall.
How much space is there between the part that pulls out and the permanent part of the desk? I'm wondering if our "chunky" laptop will fit.
Is this desk made out of real wood?
What color is "porter"? Realise it's dark, but dark what?
how wide,how deep &amp; how tall ?
Is there a hole in the back to thread laptop power cords through?
What is the length of the two sides that are against the corner walls? I can't seem to find this measurement.
Is this desk easy to take apart for a move?
What is the depth of this desk? From the back corner to the front center?
How much weight can the desk hold?
I Want to set up three 24'' Monitors... and a tower... and keeboard.... etc. Could it support the weight and length...
How long is the diagonal width across the front (where you are sitting)? I cannot find that dimension anywhere?
What is the inches on the left side and the right side of the bush furniture Stockport collection corner desk
What is the width of the angle section? (where the chair goes)
I want to put this next to a table/desk to extend the desk to one side. What is the width of the short sides?
i have a 27" monitor would it fit in this model(Stockport)?
How do I remove the file drawer?
Other colors???
What is the demention
Is the back finished?
!?
Have any of these cartridges expired? What are the dates?
cartidriges expired??
Are the advertised cartidriges expired as of 9/12/2013?
how high are the arms from the floor when the chair is the lowest it can go? I want to see if it can slide underneath my desk.
How LONG is the seat? I have long thighs.....
Is it black and white fabric?
How wide is the seat?
What is the seat height range for this chair?
what is the weight allowance I am a plus size woman?
Do the arms need to be installed to use or can they be omitted?
What is the top made of? Is it scratch resistant?
What is the measurement
Is the back of this desk finished?
I need the length of the desk on each side from end to corner. I've gotten two different answers. Which is correct? 59.5" or 24".
What is the length of the top on each side?
is this a true "white" or more of a "cream" color
What's the depth of one side of the desk?
What is the maximum load capacity for each shelf?
Is this cabinet delivered assembled?
Can these be mounted to the wall in a garage (attached to the stud) so it's off the ground
What is the actual depth of the shelves?
Does this cabinet have a key lock?
what is the metal thickness(guage) ?
How can both the tray and the computer desk be 30 inches high?
how much weight can this desk support? I have 2 imacs i want to put and those 27" are 23 lbs a piece.
Can I purchase just the keyboard tray? I already own the desk component.
Does this product have a reversible return if I buy all 3 pieces as an L shaped desk?
What are the dimensions of the KEYBOARD TRAY, not the desk, the KEYBOARD TRAY.
What are the dimensions of the keyboard tray?
What are the dimensions of the computer desk?
What are the dimensions of this item?
what is the front slot use for, and how do you use it?
does this printer copy
Is this a wireless printer?
Does this printer have a network port to connect a Cat5 cable?
Is this in stock? It says currently unavailable,...
Are these cartridges "In-Date" per HP specs? If not, they will be returned!
Is this genuine hp 940 ink? Should I order from another seller?
Hi, what are the expiration dates on the all 4 ink cartridges? Thank you
Is this item new or, remanufactured ? 940 4 pack $52.00
What is the manufacturer's weight limit on the chair?
Does this seat have tilt-lock?
what is the seat depth of the chair for the actual seat only?
The description says, "requires home assembly," and then, "Assembled..." Does it come assembled or require assembly?
The description states, "...requires home assembly", and the next line states, "Assembled..." Can you tell me if it is already assembled?
What is the width and depth of the seat?
What color is this chair - it looks like bronze?
I would like a quote on a quantity of 10 chairs
How do I keep the chair from sinking? Sometimes it goes down quickly, and sometimes slowly - like a slo-leaking tire.
What is the maximum seat height that this seat can go?
Can this product hold a laptop? Because I want to use it for that.
Does it ruin the arms of the chair it is attached to?
I want to use this product to hold my HOTAS Joystick and Throttle. Do you think the mouse pads/ arm rests on both sides are sturdy enough?
Re: Mobo Chair Mount Ergo Keyboard and Mouse Tray System - My chair does not have empty space below the arm rest. will I be able to mount it correctly? I can send pictures if you need them.
How do you move this out of the way to get out of and into the chair? Does it swivel, detach, etc?
Is there an option to buy a replacement part if a portion of the system breaks?
Would current users recommend whether this tray works better with a keyboard with the built-in wrist rest or a keyboard without (or won't matter)?
Where can i get the chair from the pictures? Is it included?
How much space can there be between the inside edge of the keyboard tray and the back of the chair? I'm a big person and need enough room for me.
I have a logitec g11 keyboard which is 21.5 x 9 inch wide, and a office chair that has rounded foam arms would this be suitable? Im in UK
Does "No Power Supply" simply mean there is no power cord?
Does this phone supports SIP?
Is this phone unlocked?
can this type phone be configured in a residential setting with vonage service?
What does 4.9" mean? I need a to fit brochures that are 4 3/4" will they fit in this?
Will this accommodate a brochure that is 4 3/4" wide or is it for a much bigger brochure?
Do these have a hole in the top so they can be wall mounted?
What is the internal dimensions of the pocket? I need to know the depth to see how many brochures I can fit in?
i want to display photobooks that measures 8 by 11" 100pages thick. will these hold?
I need these to display fragile artwork that is 7" w by 5" h - can anybody give exact dimensions?
How thick of a book can it hold? 1 inches? 5 inches?
How much weight can this hold?
I am looking for these to display books on a bookshelf that is less than a foot deep. Will these fit on the shelf?
Does this help keep your foot from sliding on the mat? I have trouble with my foot slipping on the floor and I kick my computer tower.
Can this be used on vinyl floor?
Would this be durable on a slate floor with radiant heat?
can you see through to the surface underneath the mat?
Is the lip included in the measurement (i.e., within that 35" or 53") or is the lip in addition to the size listed?
if wet does it become slippery
Mine keeps moving around on my hardwood floor, any suggestions how to keep it from moving?
Will this mat discolor wood flooring?
can it be shipped flat so it doesnot curl at ends
one says grid up for antislip with chair, one says gris down to keep from moving. which one is correct?
Can this machine handle carbon copies of checks? Can you buy black ink?
Where can I buy black ink for this?
It has Bs. currency? or may print without the currency indication??
wanted to know if this machine can remove the $ symbol as it is for a country outside the United States.
Does this poster have the 2015 paid sick leave poster on it?
do these posters meet 2015 guidelines?
Does this poster have everything you need to have posted for California?
Are both posters 12in x 18in?
Does this poster have the new minimum wage increases (to $9 in July 2014 and $10 in January 2016)?
Is this for 2014?
Can copy with this printer?
Does it come with a toner cartridge? Wondering if I need to buy a toner cartridge right off or does it come with one?
Is that color or black and white printer?
how can I get the ip address of my ML 2525W printer from Samsung via usb. I tried holding the button down but does not print out the right report
Does Samsung ML-2525W work with QuarkXpress documents? Has anyone used the Samsung ML-2525W to print out a QuarkXpress document?
My bottom drawer on this cabinet has locked up for some reason. Can you tell me how to get it unlocked.
Is this item lockable
Is there a chance the file droors will fit 12x 12 folders?
what are the dimensions?
the photos look like the files face forward. is that right?
Does this come with a lock and key? I will be filing confidential paperwork that needs to be secured.
what are the dimesions how tall, how wide, how deep ??
What is it made of? Composite, solid wood etc?
In the past, when we had Sauder furniture, we lived with a horrible smell from the glue. Does this item have this issue?
Can you lock the drawers with a key? It doesn't look like you can from the picture and the description doesn't state otherwise.
The one measurement is given as 72". But that must be the hypotenuse. What is the length of the catheti?
How much weight can the desk top hold?
is it possible to use this for a desktop computer or would that not work?
How can i hang it? can it be hanged on a file cabinet?
What are the dimensions of the pocket?
I am looking for a wall vertical organizer for clip boards. Will your unit hold std clip boards?
What size/weight command strips would this need to be securely hung? (And how many would be needed?)
I (also) would like to hang this over a cubicle wall. I see that Roderick Hixon responded that this could work if a person is handy that way. Can you offer more specifics on how you'd do this? It's hard to tell how big the holes are in the back of it,...
What is the top to bottom length of the entire unit?
I understand this product comes with screws to attach to the wall. Is there an option to hang it over a cubicle wall?
Would this mount on the side of a cabinet for cutting board storage?
Locked Door Issue: Is there a way to to allow the door to have a magnetic shut after purchasing the piece from a hardware store?
Can two of these units be stacked?
How many DVDs can it hold?
What are the dimensions?
Can the shelves be adjusted to only store blu ray/dvd movies. Looks like the top shelf holds CDs only.
how many does this hold?
adjustable shelves?
What are the dimensions?
Is the color more brown then cherry? In the picture it shows CD's on certain shelves,, are you able to put DVD's there instead? I want for DVD's
what are the dimensions?
Are these pages shown upside down? It seems the thumb cut should be at the top rather than the bottom. Thanks for your help.
are the pocket pages clear on the back side as well as the front?
Is this vinyl perfectly CLEAR (transparent), or is it slightly cloudy (translucent)? I need to take pictures THROUGH the plastic.
are these clear front &amp; back so both sides visible?
Do the coins slip out?
how many pages brings the box? Thanks..
Can you use card holders with these? Also, how do you use card holders?
does this holder fit half dollars and silver dollars?
Are these PVC free?
is this a pack of pencil or just one
black warrior HB2 lead not dark anymore, what happened?
I am looking for Mirado Black Warrior No. 2.5 --- Is that the same as #2?
Will the lead hold up to a heavy hand? Just out of bad habit that will never change, I press very hard usually resulting in flying lead.
Are these round pencils or do they have angled edges? thanks.
I'm a beginning writer and are these worth trying for my new series
Do these come pre sharpened ?
Whats the difference between the Black Warriors and Mirado Classic Yellow pencils?
How do Mirado Black Warriors compare to black Dixon Ticonderoga's and the Palomino Blackwing?
Are these the ones that were made in the USA or the new ones that are made in Mexico? I've noticed a slight difference when writing using old and new.
How high is this stand in the lowest possible setting?
What is the dimensions of the black base? How deep is it? I want to use it to sit on my piano and hold music books.
I have 2 medical books that are 22 inches wide, 11.5 inches tall, and 3 inches thick. Will this will work for 1 3-inch thick book?
Is the Jasmine model the only one with a magnet in the middle?
is the height adjustable?
What material is the black base made of?
Do the stands come in black?
Hi i wish to buy Freesia Book Stand (19.6").Is it possible for you to ship to India as the message comes that you do not supply to india when i order.
Can this be used as a desktop keyboard stand? I don't like the under the desk keyboard platforms, and I was hoping I could find a stand for the keyboard that can be placed on the desk. Would it adjust to the proper height for this purpose? Thank you.
Is it made of wood?
Are the black strips that keep the laptop from falling off removeable?
height: does anybody know the measurements of this stand?
Does this unit tilt opposite as pictured for us 'lefties' to use??
Up to what size laptop, can fir on it?
How high are the wheels / feet? I'd like to know if it will roll under my couch / chair.
what is the top made of? solid wood? laminate? Thanks
Is the table top able to rotate 360 degrees? The way it is pictured, the base will not fit under my chair.
Are the castors removable? If yes, how high are the metal floor arms without the castors?
Does the portion of the desk where the mouse pad sits have a lip or not? The pictures are not consistent.
Can you swivel this across a bed? Is there room for a laptop &amp; joysticks for a flight sim?
Will it slide over my bed, so I can use it in bed, and if so, does it hang over far enough to not have to scoot over to the edge of the bed?
Do both tables, small and large, adjust and tilt?
Can it be used over sofa from side
Do wheels lock?
What clearance does it require to slide under a bed?
What is the lowest the table will go--height from the floor? I need it to go down to about 26 or 27 inches.
Does the table swivel so you can swing it away to get up from the couch?
What is the weight limit, is it able to support 20lbs or more?
Will the main desk fit my 17" laptop?
Can this be used without casters? I only have about 1.5 inches clearance
Is this oil suitable to use on my Staples cross cut shredder, SPL-1506X? Tx.. Pete C
What kind of oil is it? Could someone get the same results using 3 in 1 oil or light weight motor oil
I am using Fellowes shredder oil and so far it has kept my shredder in A-1 shape. Question: I thought Fellowes shredder oil was veggie based.
Since Johnson &amp; Johnson baby oil is in fact mineral oil, will it work as lubricant for this shredder?
How long is the refill? I need a 4 1/4 inch refill for my wide pen.
Do these refills come in package of 2 refills?
How many refills do you receive?
Does this journal come with a clasp closure?
Is there replacement paper
Does it have lines to write on?
what size is the cover and are the inside pages? is it refillable?
What are the top and bottom pole diameters at the adjustable connectors? We have a banner that we need new poles for and need to ensure fit.
do you have it in stock? I need it shipped to AZ for march 12th thank you~
At the risk of appearing stupid, what's the difference between 'Step and Repeat Backdrop Banner Stand' and "Stand Only?" :)
Are all of the poles metal ? What parts are plastic ?
Have anyone able to put spotlight(s) on it? Also, what is the longest assembled length of the poles? Thanks.
Can you tell me the approximate weight capacity? I'd like to use it to hold 10 small tee shirts for display.
What are the dimensions of the item when broken down
Do the arms come off
Where can I order parts for this chair?
What is the return policy for this item?
Can this be assembled without the arms and still function properly?
how breathable is the padded seat? does your butt sweat during long sessions?
What is the weight limit for this chair?
Does the back adjust up and down? I use a seat cushion for padding and so would need to raise the back of the chair for back support
What is the tallest the seat can be raised? My desk is higher than most, so the chair has to put me at a comfortable level.
Do the arms fold down?
can you deliver on May 1st, 2014?
What are the seat dimensions? Depth, width?
I have tried all your directions and many other suggestions I've found online to get my MP470 to recognize these cartridges. Nothing works.
It does not fit my Cannon MX452 printer though PG 40 is the # on their cartridges.... i would like to exchange it for ones that work.
I just received the cartridges and they do not work. When I try to print, it tells me that the ink is low. I am not satisfied with this purchase.
My Canon MP160 is not recoginzing these cartridges. Any suggestions?
When I put the cartridge in my printer it's no working there is error
When I put the cartridge in my printer it's no working there is error
It's not working in my printer
are these platinum injket pvc id cards
Does the ink come off when is gets wet?
Would it be possible to write on these with a permanent marker?
cards are suitable for inkjet printers EPSON T50 fast drying ?
are these smooth or textured?
Will these cards work in a thermal card printer? specifically an evolis printer?
What can i do to make the card less sticky after printing?
which material is best for punch? Card metal or plastic? I think buying multiple cards to make several small holes and print
Can I use my Canon IP2770 with this?
Could an HP touch screen printer work?
I am trying to use this on a EPSON Artisan 50 and it keeps on printing on the cards like its a CD/DVD instead in a card format!!! How to change this?
Does this work with Epson 1400?
I would like to know if this item it works for a printer Epson Stylus RX610. If not works, what do you recommend me?
DOES THIS TRAY WORK WITH EPSON L800?
Can I print the cards Portrait??
Which printer do you recommend to give the best results with your blank PVC cards and trays?
Will this work with a Epson R220?
Do this printer print disk and how many disk.
Do this printer print disk and how many disk.
My Epson printer cd/dvd tray has this dimensions 149mmx247mm, will work?
To what height will this chair raise?
What is the height from the floor to the foot ring with castors
Can the arms be left off?
Is the width of the chair adjustable by moving the arms out?
how do i remove the foot rest
What is the height range of this chair? Perhaps the most important metric and always left out in the drafting chair descrptions...
What are the exact dimensions of the seat? It sounds like the width is fine but one of the reviews says it is not very deep.
What is the highest height of the seat (where you sit) of this chair?
Could someone please measure the distance from the floor to the TOP of the seat (the part we sit on)? There are a lot of conflicting reports. Thanks.
how wide is this chair at its widest point?
With the seat adjusted all the way down, what is its height? And I mean, the seat where I sit, not the top of the back of the chair.
Can you lock the swivel so that it does not move?
does it swivel?
What is the weight capacity?
Would this adjust for working at a standing computer desk and a regular-height desk for different tasks?
Are the arms non marking?
Does the seat ever start to slide downward or do you need to raise it back up often?
What is the height of the foot rest? i understand it does not adjust, so its fixed height is important to me. thanks.
do the wheels lock?
Can the wheels be removed
I can't buy any of your chairs because you do not include height adjustments?
Do you know the maximum weight the chair will hold?
what is the range height adjustment
What is the adjustable height range in inches?
I can't buy any of your chairs because you do not include height adjustments?
It says it's not compatible with the MFC-290C but it uses LC61 ink? Has anyone tried this ink on that particular printer?
It says will not fit brother mfc 295 cn however the cartridge is a LC 61 that I am using- explain
I need to find a printer that goes with this ink. What Brother printers is this compatible with, printers that are CURRENTLY being sold on Amazon? Thx
I have a MFC-J410w. I just bought the ink cartridges. When I try to print, the pages are blank as if there is no ink.. Please help!
Is this High yield or normal yield cartridges?
Are these ready to use, or do I have to transfer the old chip onto the new cartridges?
Is it compatible with the MFC790CW printer Innobella cartridges?
How long can I stock this ink? Is there an expiration date?
this is ink right? not just the holder for the ink
does it fit brother MFC_J615W
Are replacement blades available? If so, what is the cost?
How do you unlock the blade?
I bought an 858 Perfect A3 paper cutter. Is there an instruction manual that comes with it?
I'm a real estate agent so I will be setting up for just a few hours in front of a house. Is the 20 foot tall one too big to move around easily?
Will the fan operate in the rain (I live near Seattle)?
HI.Do you ship to France ? Is it easy for a woman to remove the sky dancer every evening from its place in front of my shop? Thank you
Hi there. Is it possible to request Orange one by same price?
How well do they work at the beach in the wind
Are there more color options?
Do you add custom words on the dancer?
Would this scare raccoons out of my garden?
is there a 1 year warranty with this product?
How do these compare to the black Dixon Ticonderoga pencils? I have been using the black ones(not the yellow - there seems to be a difference between the two to us) lately as they seem to be the best choice out there.
Do the erasers work well? I need them for marking music, and often it needs to be erased at some point.
how many pencils in this package?
Are These Round or Hex type
Are these made in the USA?
Are these pencils pre-sharpened?
What color is the eraser on these pencils? Thanks!
Do they smell like cedar when sharpened?
Why do these pencils carry a PROP 65 WARNING for CA residents?
Are these presharpened?
do you have to remove slide from the cardboard surround before putting it in machine?
Does it do movies
Will it work with older slides sandwiched between two sheets of glass?
does it work on window7 (64 it)
I have film to scan is this the best product
Which software does it come with? In the past I used a simpler version of this device and it used ArcSoft PhotoImpression 6.
does this have to be connected to computer, or will it work on its own?
I have old slides from the '50s and '60s that measure 2.5 x 2.5 inches (unmounted). Will these fit into this converter?
Could I use it to capture stills from 8 mm or Super 8 mm film?
Does it make any difference which side of the film , emulsion or shiny,is on the top in the tray?
I actually need a date stamp with only the year and beginning with 2009
Is there an option to not have the year show if I just want to stamp the month and day? Thanks!
Will this work on food packaging For the Best By date?
Does the stamp display the day number first then the month second? The actual stamp looks that way but the example does not
I want to date stamp the back of photos. Would the ink from the stamp transfer to other photos after drying?
Will this work on aluminum or metallic material/paper/plastic? (At least if let dry?)
will this stamp be good for a plastic jug in grocerie stores, retail... that is refrigerated
If I just want the numbers without the month, is this possible?
Is there a space for both day numbers so that the stamp displays month and year only?
Is the ink that comes with the stamp permanent ink? I'd like to use it on fabric.
Does this phone come with a belt clip?
Is the cordless slim enough to fit in a pants pocket comfortably?
Dose this phone have a speed dial feature?
Does this phone have speakerphone capability on the handset?
Does this phone have a headset jack?
Can I just buy the handsets without the base unit? Or can I use the new handsets with an old base (same model)?
How do I solve registering my two DS6101s? Message "out of range" or "no power at base". This stays when on pressing the i Hold and # &amp; waiting.
Can I purchase extra belt clips for the DS6101 hand set?
My current phone is a Vtech 2 line model DS6101, I have a bad handset that needs to be replaced but needs to work with my base model DS6101 charger?
Is the DS6151 compatible with ooma?
does this have hold
I am looking for a dual voltage phone? 110V to 220V. Can this phone be plug-in to a 210-220V outlet?
Does this phone operate if the electricity goes off?
If I want just 1 line or 2 lines sayhing the name of my business how big is the font? Can I use any font? Thanks for any answers
What is the maximum number of characters per line?
Does the replacement ink pad for the Ideal 100 fit this?
Did Ideal 4913 replace Ideal 100?
Can I make my own costomization content of stamp and make the ink is RED color?
I live in Alaska. Is that the reason free shipping isn't being applied?
Can I put my signature on this stamp?
can you do an oval with "Douglas Library, Canaan, CT" in it? We could fax a copy of our old stamp.
I know the stamp can take 4 lines but can it take 5 lines? If yes, will the text be too small?
How many lines of print?
How to replace ink
What size is this replacement for - a Small or Large Kespon ID Theft Refill?
How do I know if I have a small or large stamp so I know what size of refill to order!? I bought mine awhile back.
can I use them for hp photosmart C4500 all-in-one series?
Has anyone experienced the inability to draw ink with the small syringe after filling the cartridge with ink?
One customer stated he was able to refill 7-8 times with this kit. That seems almost to good to be true. Has anyone refilled that many times ??
my color cartridge is C8766W, not C8766WN. Will the refill kit still work?
How many times can you expect refill a cartridge with this one kit?
Does it come with the syringes?
will this work on my hp officejet pro l7780 all in one
Does the company still make these. I hate that Amazon is the only carrier I could find, there price is high!
I know it has great sounds, but how efficient is it at cooling? Does it drop the temperature by a significant amount?
17" Laptops: Has anyone tried putting a 17" laptop on this thing??
Can you disable the speakers while keeping the fan running? My concern is, if I want to use my laptop speakers, or if I'm using an external monitor through HDMI, will I be able to disable the lapdesk speakers?
can you move the usb plug to the left side for a new macbook pro? On the product details they only show the USB plug on the right side of the product can you also move it to the left for computers that only have USB slots on the left side?
I have this and love it - but it stopped working. No speaker sound, no fan. Are there batteries that I need to change? Thanks for your hlep!
I have this and love it - but it stopped working. No speaker sound, no fan. Are there batteries that I need to change? Thanks for your hlep!
where i can i find the lapdesk n700? I wonder why they quit making them.
I paid $300 for my Logitech N700 in the US did I pay too much
My computer has decent speakers do I really need this?
Why does the MX870 cost so much more that newer models like the MX892 or the MX922 ?
changing PIXMA MX870 ink cartridges: Does anyone know how to get to the ink cartridges to replace one?
Canon mx870 drops wifi connection: Any suggestions?
Best Generic Compatible Ink Cartridges for MX870? What can people suggest for the MX870?
Can we use this printer with wifi printing for iPad? Can we use canon pima mx870 wireless printer for iPad?
Has anyone encountered the B200 Error Code? How did you fix it?
how long does it last
how do you fix error 5100?
Will this printer print from android S4 phones?
Is the mx870 compatible with mac's 10.9.2 version
My color copy comes out green
I've been through the on-line manual and can't find it. How do I get a printed transmission receipt for a successful fax transmission?
Hi. Do you know if the Pixma MX350 is compatible with an 802.11n router? thanks.
won't turn on: Anyone else have this problem?
I&acute;m looking for a printer that can handle 10x17", can this one?
dimensions and weight
does it print all size photos?
IS IT WINDOWS 8 COMPATABLE
could it be used for printing black and white documents like college homework? I may buy a printer for my homework
Does this printer work with Vista operating system
What is replacement cartridge number?
I'd like to print digital downloads of decoupage paper from Etsy. How is the quality for something like this?
I am looking for a small printer for black and white. Can this printer be set to print only black and not color?
About how many 4x6 prints can you make with the cartridge that cones with this printer? (Without buying a new cartridge).
Canon Pixma MX340 Document in ADF error: Is anyone else having this error and if so, is there an easier fix besides taking it apart?
canon mx340 faxing: Can someone explain what all the various choices on the fax menu mean?
Anyone able to fix the printing Jam problem? It jams, and paper can't feed through.
can it send faxes over the internet? can it send faxes over the internet or does it need a regular phone line?
why is the alarm light on? it will not print.
how to turn volume down
can you wirelessly print from tablet and android
how to print photps
Where can I find my model number?
Is there a way to be able to use the SCAN feature when the ink is low? The printer refuses to operate, bring up the menus, etc, WITHOUT enough INK!
Is the scanner Mac compatible?
Unstructions say to use a sleeve, but no sleeves provided in box. Should I scan anyway?
Is it an option to connect the scanner directly to a computer instead of using an SD card?
must slides be removed from mounting?
will this scan negatives?
Where can I get a roller cleaning tool and sensor cleaning swabs for this scanner?
is it a 110-220V plug or just for use in usa 100V?
Can you buy the cleaning sheet and sleeve? I don't remember getting them in the box.
How do you clean it?
Is this scanner compatible with Windows 8?
Is an AC adapter available for the units? If not what type of batteries are required?
What does 3 pack mean? Is it just two call buttons and one door bell? 3 pack is misleading.
How mane meters does it cover an do the type of walls affect the transmition? Thank you
My mother doesn't have the strength press our current pager. How easy is it to press this button?
Is this a two way unit where we can talk to each other or just a one way talk with pager ?
What type of range is this unit capable of?
Is this rf based
Sorry, My earlier questions was not clear. What is the description/nomenclature of the 12v batteries and are they readily available. Thanks
Is there a connection for a strap so it can be worn around your neck?
do both buttons cause the same sound, or can they be set to cause different sounds (to signify one in a different location was activated) ?
what is it made of?
Where do you rest your arm?
Where is the wire frame that adjusts to the armrest? Are these different than your earlier models?
If you buy the quantity 2 version of this is the color gray or black? It looks gray...
What are my color choices? I need chocolate brown for a leather recliner
What is the seat height on this chair? Thanks.
is the cloth or leather version?
Does this chair have to be assembled?
What are the weight limits on this chair?
Stick to DVD albums made of heat-resistant polypropylene and durable Koskin? Thanks.
Are these acid free?
Will they stick to plastic?
Will this label holder accommodate a 2" x 4" paper or cardstock insert?
Is the Item easy to use
Is the Item easy to use
Thereis no Pocket to put the Label into
What does "With Limited Gameplay" mean, on the packaging?
How loud is this? Will it get obnoxious if my son plays it in the car? Can sound be turned off?
what is a "non standard battery" ?
Does it become more challenging the longer you play?
will it last?
printhead not moving to the center
can i reinstall the white tabs i pulled out of the back of the cartridge carrier?
How to down load instructions for wi-fi?
shipping: Why didn't I get free shipping?
does it come with just ink?
I have the HP1- 7018C color refill kit &amp; just need the black refill. Can I order just the black tube of ink?
Can I refill older original HP60 cartridges that seemed to have dried up?
How do I fill it?
Will this kit work with the 61 Ink Cartridges?
Hi, after you use the syringe to remove some air and ink, what do you do with the ink? I don't want to waste it. Thanks
Does any one know whether or not this will work with a HP deskjet 1010? Thank you for your help :)
60 is the cartridge for my DeskJet 4440, but the chart says it 'Won't work' on an Deskjet 4440. Is this a misprint?
Can you use this product on a HP Photosmart CN733A D110A for 60 Ink cartridge?
Can you use this product on a HP Photosmart CN733A D110A for 60 Ink cartridge?
Do these also work on chalkboard surfaces? / How are they different from chalk markers?
Will these work on a black dry erase board?
Any experience on using these markers on a mirror?
Will these show up on/be easily erasable from a standard black refrigerator?
How do these look on a white board? I really need a yellow dry erase marker and this is the only set that comes with one.
hi mine is a sticker type of chalk board paper , which i just stick on to the wall. can i use these? not quite sure is it dry erase too.
Can I use them for chalkboards?
do they glow in dark, or under black light?
Do these markers act the same as regular dry erase markers? I have a tendency to wipe away the "ink" with my hand when I'm doing equations.
Do these work on LED clear menu boards?
is the cabinet safe with only one drawer open at the time?
What are outside dimensions including drawer handles?
How tall is this cabinet?
Is this file cabinet heavy duty? How sturdy are the locks? I am trying to determine the quality of this item before I purchase.
can you tell me the outside dimensions wide x deep x tall
What is the *interior* drawer width? I have 12" papers needing filing, so need at least 12" width inside.
What is the height?
overall height less than 27.75"
Do both drawers lock?
What is the depth of the file cabinet?
Are the drawers easy to remove to move the cabinet upstairs?
Does it have a lock?
Can this cabinet be put on wheels?
Does this cabinet have a wire follower or a sliding spring follower to hold folders forward?
These are the kind of drawers with hanging files? It would be nice to see a photo of the inside of a drawer.
does it have a lock?
Does it require assembly?
Does the cabinet come assembled?
Need dimensions
The height listed is 26.5 inches -- does this include the wheels?
How high is it without the wheels on? I need something &lt;24" high.
Is this Cabinet made of metal?
do both drawers lock??
What material is this cabinet made of?
what is the color
I don't need the wheels. Do they come off?
I must be brain dead also how in the world do you get the back coaster to stay in place. I got the plate and the coaster screwed together. slip out
How long is each section? Include the center section when measuring each. There are conflicting dimensions between here and the manufacturer's site.
What are the dimensions of the Computer tower storage?
Can an owner inspect the desk &amp; see if the long &amp; short sides can be swapped? Thanks!
Is the color of the desk the same as the picture or is it a darker color?
Does anyone know how deep the desk top is? I'm trying to make sure it will fit a monitor with its stand attached.
Can a keyboard AND mouse fit on the keyboard tray? I'm worried it would fit a keyboard only which would do me no good.
Is the Computer Caddy attached in the position shown in the picture or can it be removed?
Do they not package the computer tower caddy with this desk anymore? Some of the questions on here would say otherwise...the picture doesn't show one
Hows the wood quality, will it support monitor mounts/clamps for 30+lb displays?
Will it comfortably fit two 27" monitors? Also, do you think it would be cumbersome to have a full tower PC (Storm Trooper case) on the desk?
do both drawers lock?
what is the height/width and Depth measurements?
Do the drawers slide all the way out?
Are there any tracks to hang hanging file folders
I cannot understand how to attach the handles. Any ideas?
Does it come with any file holders?
what color is it
what is the weight?
does this cabinet come fully assembled?
Is it already assembled?
How EASILY is the height changed? If I want to set a standing height *AND* a sitting height and then switch between them. Easy to do?
what are the dimensions of each upper shelf surface?
Can this be used while standing or only sitting?
Would we be able to clamp on a dual monitor stand to the back? We're wondering if there's a lip that would prevent that.
How high is the keyboard and is the height adjustable?
I am 6.1. Am looking for 50 inch high keyboard cart and workstation holder, how high this keyboard plate goes?
What is the height of the casters and the metal piece they're attached to? I'm wondering if this would be feasible to use on my couch.
How high does the top shelf go?
Can you please tell me what is the lowest height of the lower shelf when adjusted down? Thanks.
what's the max adjustable height?
How far do the drawers open? I hate when they don't open far enough to get to the back files.
does this file cabinet come pre-assembled?
One reviewer said there were no rails. Is this so? How does one then hang the large hangers with hooks that would normally hang on the rails?
what color is it? white, silver
crap...posted before I meant to... Will those hang inside the cabinet w/o having to purchase any other accessories?
do both drawers lock?
What color is this file cabinet?
Is it laminate, plastic,metal, wood?
Does it require assebly? If so, how much?
how high is this cabinet?
Can the drawers be locked/child proofed?
What is it's width?
what are the dimensions?
is it delivered assembled
Is the drawer slide full extension or 3/4" ?
Is this deep enough to accommodate tabs on the hanging folders?
How tall is this?
Are the 2drawers lockable or only the lower drawer?
What is the expiration on the ones that you would ship to me if I buy it? The ad says in the original packaging and should have the expiration date.
Is it in original package and box?
Are these expired?
if i order both XL 74 &amp; XL 75 today 6.2.14, what will the the expiration date?
What ink for hp photosmart c4400
What's the difference in 74 75 and 74 XL and 75XL? More ink? Is it better to buy refillable Ink Cartridges?
Do these really print apprx 750 pages like they say they do?
The date printed on the ink cartridge case, is the date of expiration or date of production?
How many cartridges are in this offer (HP 74XL / 75 XL &amp; Tri Color ink cartridge) and what will be the expiration date(s)
This combo of the XL 74 &amp; 75. When do they expire? I'm balking at the shipping, used to free on Amazon.
This is called an incline sorter but product in the picture doesn't appear to have an incline. Is it an incline sorter?
Product information says product is 12.8 x 10.2 x 3.9, but Sparco picture description says it's 8 3/4 x 5 1/2 x 4 3/4. Which is correct?
what is the height?
How large is the spacing between dividers?
What is this product made of? For example plastic or wood?
can this product maintain 80lbs weight? thanks.
my file cabinet is lateral-- 26-28 inches long and regular width. will this work for that ?
this dolly can hold 25"x16" dimension of file cabinet with 4 drawers
Will this adjust to file cabinet with &bull; Overall Width - Side to Side: 18" &bull; Overall Depth - Front to Back: 26.5"
I have plastic files 12" X 15" holding hanging files. Will these files fit the caddy?
B cabinets - does this relate to # of drawers or as lateral or what? I need caster platform for 2 dr wood file drawers = 17"x 16".
what is weight capacity?
can this product hold a 30" X 21" dog crate
I wonder if I put it together wrong. It rocks around on the bold heads because they stick up above the level of the frame.
Since there little information given, is the unit metal, are the wheels metal and rubber, what is the smallest adjusted size, largest adjusted size?
Is the size 45 x 53 including the lip, or is it 41 x 44 plus a 12" lip?
my desk only allows a lip WIDTH of 22", with no wiggle room. please provide this dimension - tks!
How big is the area if there was no lip. I asked the question before but ppl games me the lip area. I need with out because i will be cutting it off
warranty
is it shipped flat?
Can you use regular file folders? Or only hanging files?
Are there dividers so you can file front to back as well (in 3 rows)?
Do the hanging folders hang left to right (eg, 1 row of side facing folders) or front to back (eg, 3 rows of forward facing folders)?
Do the drawers slide out?
Can the file drawers be removed? I would need to temporarily remove the drawers to make it lighter to get cabinet into office. Thanks
Does it come fully assembled?
Does it come fully assembled?
Are the lower drawers regular files drawer or do they open they open the same as the top drawer?
Does it come with keys?
Does this cabinet only accomodate hanging folders, or do some of the doors open to store supplies as well?
this equipment shows in writing what you want to translate?
Does it talk??
If I speak English into it, will it speak back in Portuguese
This equipment translates from Spanish to Portuguese?
does it translate indonesian
is it 3 ring?
Can you remove the pockets?
Does this open on the long edge or short edge?
Will this binder work for 4 X 6 index cards?
How far apart are the binder rings?
what are the outside dimensions? 7.5X9?
Is there a slot to insert something in the binding or front on the black one? I see you can with the white. Thanks!
Okay people. What was your experience with these pens like after say 2 months--same pack, not a new pack. Anything else you can recommend?
i want to keep my order but it is wrong what do i do besides cancel it
is there a grey colored marker in this set?
what are all the colors you get?
Can you use to paint an ostrich egg?
Do these work well for Adult Coloring books ... the ones with very tiny details?
does the bic mark-it bleed on fabric-quilting
Are these alcohol markers? If not, what set of Bic Markers are alcohol markers?
Are the tips 2mm, or are they larger?
Do these markers bleed through paper? I am looking for markers for a coloring book. Thanks!!
Could I use this to attach a belt buckle to a hat (cotton) for my halloween costume?
Are these precut into little pieces or you cut to size?
Is this tape sturdy enough to hold a stick-on pull to a sliding glass showcase door? I need something low profile for bypass doors.
Will this tape hold a 2' x 3' corkboard to a blackboard (slate)? Cork weighs approximately 5.4 lbs.
When you remove the tape from your walls will it damage the sheet rock? Thank you.
How thick is this tape? And can it be pressed to thin out a little? Will a huge 6x9-foot *plastic-laminated* map affix to a painted wall?
Will this fuser fit the hp color laser jet 3600dn?
Will this fuser fit the hP color laser jet 3800dn? Thank you
Will this fuser work for a HP Color Laser Jet 3800n?
Printer display appears "50.1 fuser error" followed with "fuser is hot" does it need to replace the fuser?
Will this fuser work with HP CP3505n - in the titel the part number is RM1-2763-020 (compatible), but in the specs the number is RM1-2665?
Will this Fuser fit a HP Color Laser Jet 3000 dn?
Is that compatible with CP3505DN also do you ship to New Zealand. How much would be the cost for shipping?
Is this product new or refurbished and is it in original box?
Will this fit the HP 3600n model?
Will this fuser fit a HP 3000dn color laserjet printer?
Does this dictionary show you how to pronounce the kanji, or does it just show the english word along with the kanji like in the picture?
Can I type my sentence in English and get it in Japanese characters?
I meant is there a place to write a kanji in that i saw somewhere else, to find out its meaning..or does this dictionary not have that function
Can you write in a kanji that you don't know?
Does this dictionary show the Japanese word in hiragana or romaji.
Could this file cabinet withhold a large Lexmark printer sitting on top of it?
On the top portion, behind the top doors where the shelf is (not the file), is that portion fully open or is there a board separating the two sides?
why does it say free shipping but when i proceed to checkout, it charges me shipping?
Do I need to purchase anything for standard size files or does the unit adjust? I have had to buy the pieces to insert with past cabinets
Is this a 2-drawer lateral file cabinet, or is the top just a plain drawer for storage?
What are the dimensions of this product?
What is the drawer bottom made of?
Does this product have a key lock for security?
does this have actual back boards or is it just that tacky thin backing?
Are the file drawers full extension drawers?
How many single records with sleeves can be safely shipped in one of these mailers?
Do these have a sticky flap, or do they require packing tape to seal?
How much does each mailer weigh on its own?
Do you guys ship these mailers via USPS?
Do these mailers come shipped in a box?
Does this include FILLER PADS &amp; SLEEVES as shown in the pictures?
What is the weight of the mailer without product?. Thank you
What are the dimensions of the box that these mailers get shipped in?
Is the inside large enough to hold a 12 1/2 by 12 1/2 sleeve &amp; record?
Do you ship out vinyls via Media Mail?
Is it possible to set it up with only two shelves? I need something that is shorter than this, but not as short as the under desk kind.
Can someone let me know how tall the middle shelf is. I am thinking about using it without the top shelf, depending on how tall that middle shelf is.
Is it possible to assemble this without the middle shelf? i need to place a 20" (ht) shredder on the bottom shelf. thank you
can a 14" tall cpu tower fit on the bottom shelf?
How easy or difficult is the setup? Some items look easy in the picture but when you get it delivered the setup is a nightmare.
how much weight can the top shelf support?
Can you mount a 27" LCD monitor that weighs under 10 lbs? Does 27" and 24" use the same mounting pattern on the back of the LCD?
For those of you using a Cintiq, is there enough freedom of tension to move it around yet still maintain enough strength for it to stay put while you're drawing on it?
will tis mount on my fireplace mantle for a 42 inch tv to tilt and swivel
can this rotate the monitor 90 degrees like the dell u2412m stand does? I would like to be able to use the moniter in a portrait format occasionally.
does it connect to the vesa iMac Mount
Can I put the clamp on the side of my desk and turn it 90 degrees towards me?
I have a late 2013 21.5 imac. Can this mount on my Imac? I would like to make the screen lower in vertical position.
does it work for fold in half table ?
Can it be crewed to surface instead of using mount?
Could I mount this to a .75"-wide metal desk frame? I have the Walker Edison Soreno 3-Piece Corner Desk and would like to mount it to the metal frame.
How much weight will the cart withstand?
Will this hold my 12 x 12 Cardstock and still be able to use the lid without bending it?
Including the legs and wheels, what is the height?
Is the file box removable or is it attached to the frame?
how tall is it including wheels?
Could a second file box fit on lower shelf? Concerned if enough height.
Do the hanging folders stay in place or do they occasionally fall off the track?
Can someone give me the dimensions from front to back between the two upper cross beams? I want to know if it will fit my PC, which is almost 24".Thx
Can someone give me the dimensions from front to back between the two upper cross beams? I want to know if it will fit my PC, which is almost 24".Thx
Does it have to be assembled?
Can anyone answer what the amount is, it says 1.6 I also see the Kodak 1163641 Ink Cartridge 10B - Black is 1.6 both the same yet this cost more?
Will it work in Kodak ESP 7250?
how to make it work longer?
Are these Kodak brand or are they after market?
Will it work in the Hero5.1 Model?
Does it work for a Kodak ESP 6150
What is the expiration date?
Does this work on an ESP 3200 model printer?
will kodak 10 xl be used in place of kodak 10 B?
Is this cartridge compatible with ESP 5250?
Kodak states I can get over 400 each of black and color pages. So NOT true in my case. I am lucky if I get a couple dozen ea. What's your experience?
How do I get the ink cartridge out of the printer? It's stuck!
Will this work for Kodak ESP C315?
ink used for ESP 7
Will this 10B/10C combo work for the KODAK Easy Share 5500 all-in-one?
will kodak 8367849 combo fit the kodak easy share 5100 all in one printer
Is this cartridge compatible with ESP 7250
ESP 3.2 CARTRIAGE???
Does this ink work with Kodak ESP 9? Thank you
Is this official Kodak brand? It should have yellow on the label, shouldn't it? I tried 3rd party and almost ruined my machine!
Is the ink included, use 2.97 is pretty cheap
i never been able to go to 400 on my kodak all in one ever
does this black ink cartridge work with the kodak hero 7.1?
How many pages does one cartridge print?
Does this fit the kodak hero 7.1 wireless printer
can this replace just a 10 black cartridge
Can anyone answer what the amount is, it says 1.6 I also see the Kodak 1163641 Ink Cartridge 10B - Black is 1.6 both the same except price ?
Can this be used to fix a mirror (6feet by 1 feet) to the wall?
how do you get the backing off?
how to remove the protective wrap
Would this be good to secure rubber feet on the bottom of a laptop,more on a permanet basis?
How do you separate two paper items stuck together with double sided tape?
Would this attach foam to metal?
Does it tear your paper if you go to take it off the wall?
dose anyone no if it will scan old black and white negatives that are 4 x 6?
Is there a problem with the black and white negatives resolution?
Would I be able to scan OLD negatives, from the 40's &amp; 50's to an SD card &amp; then be able to view them as pictures, not negatives?
Does negative gets converted in Positive or gets saved as negative? Can saved negative be converted to a positive print?
Can I scan a wallet photo then print larger copies of the wallet up to 8 x 10 copies?
Can you scan 110 film/negatives with this?
Mac compatable?
I have some old negatives that are approx 2 x 3 inches and are curled by age. Is it possible to feed them into this scanner without them jamming?
I'm trying to install this thing and it just keeps blinking. Is it defective or am I doing something wrong? It's connected to my PC, it's plugged in
I ordered this product not realizing the slides should be unmounted. My slides are all mounted, is there anyway to remove the slide?
is it mac compatible?
Can this scan regular paper items like bills and receipts? Please advise if anyone using this device has used it for regular paper items like bills and receipts?
Does this scanner scan slides like the 4x6 version?
Compatible with UK power supply? Does anyone know if the power frequency would allow it to be used in the UK with an adaptor?
More photo sleeves? Does anyone know where I can get more of the protective photo sleeves this scanner came with?
Is it compatible with Windows 8.2? How do I keep the folder open so I can view the pictures while they are being scanned?
does this scanner also do negatives?
Can I buy an extra power cord for this scanner? I have this scanner and I do not believe that it will work with a mac??
Carry Case: Has anyone found a carrying case, preferrably hard case, to use with the pandigital scanner?
Release Date: Any guesses when this might finally get released?
what are the dimensions on this stool from rubbermaid?
how high is this stool?
on the bottom it says "not for adult use"; why do you suppose they say that? Is it perhaps dangerous to stand on? It is small and narrow...
does it come in grey
what is the height of this stool?
Is this smaller than normal Rubbermaid Roughneck stools? Those are listed as 15 x 12 x 9", but people are saying the dimensions are 11x8x7?
What is the country of manufacture? I am leaning toward Rubbermaid but if it is made in China then I will purchase the Sterilite item instead!
what is the weight capacity?
What color did you receive? Pic shown is white but a customer uploaded a gray one, ad says colors vary and description doesn't specify.
Just want to clarify the dimensions: how tall is the unit including the wheel and lid on? I have a space that is 21" d 14" h and 26" w.
what sort of files can you keep it it-how about hanging folders?
Does it have an intention in the top edge to utilize hanging files
Do the wheels come off?
Is it true that, when the casters are off, the plastic containers do not stack? If I did stack them, would they be stable? Thanks!
Will this item hold 12" x 12" papers?
what do you have to do to put it together?
how many file folders does it hold
Do these units stack with the wheels on?
Case Measurements: Could someone please find the correct ones?
What are the exterior and interior dimensions?
Why does the key not lock the case? Neither key works on either lock.
Will the Veho 008 scanner accept 35mm transparancies in plastic frames? These are thicker than the cardboard type. I have asked Veho support this question, and they sat they don't know, as they have never tried it!
How many megapixels is the output?
Is there a way to transfer the digital files from this unit directly to my pc via the USB cord? My PC doesn't have a slot for a memory card
Can I scan a 35mm negative roll automatically without viewing each frame?
Is there anyway to scan the old disc negatives with the Veho scanner?
once a negative is scanned in, how do I then get a print from it?
Can the scanner be used while the battery is charging; or must it be removed from the unit?
Will this scan medium format film?
Is it Mac Compatable?
Is the usb cord included or do you go to a card and then to the computer?
what are the measurements and aolso in between shelves?
What is the actual depth of this cart? It gives the dimensions of 33.8 x 20 x 33.4 inches at the top of the description and further down says 18 in.
high high does this sit off of the floor?
Do the wheels screw into the poles, or are they push-in wheels?
what is size of unit?
My husband is bedridden. I am looking for a cart to hold supplies for a bed bath: two basins, towels, bed linens, etc.
Can the middle shelf be left out? Need 24" space from bottom shelf.
Is this cart sturdy enough to hold a shop router or miter saw? My husband is looking for a cart so he can place his tools on it and move it.
are the plastic shelf liners included with the cart?
Can a Kitchen Aid stand mixer fit on the bottom shelf with the middle shelf still in place?
is this 3 ring binder?
does it have any inside pockets?
Where are the rings placed, on the spine or the back page? It makes a difference if you want to put pages in a sheet protector
What size it is
What size it is ??
What are the overall dimensions of this binder.
What is the max height that laptop can sit horizontal to the ground?
Does the flip up tray that keeps the laptop from sliding down interfere with your hands at all? It looks like it could...
How much does it weigh?
How are the fans powered?
how wide is it on the inside of the legs?
how wide is it at widest point ?
Can this be used for postcard collections? What are actual dimensions of the box?
if the box itself is 4x6 does it actually hold 4x6 index cards??
How many index cards can this box store?
can you turn off the talking caller id option so that you can see who is calling by viewing the screen only
Does it have an audible caller ID feature?
Is it compatible with 220 voltage ?
Does the call block feature require us to subscribe trough our telephone provider like we do for caller ID?
Is there a flashing light or visual indicating you have messages without having to pick up the phone to read : NEW MESSAGE? Thank YOU!
Does it still ring once for blocked calls? Does it still ring once for blocked calls?
Can I mute the handsets from ringing? (I would like to have a phone on each floor but mute the one near my kid room so it doesn't wake him up). Thanks
Does this phone work with Vonage voicemail?
Is there a mute button?
how much it weight
Love panasonic and love regular batteries, but does anyone else have buttons that are hard to press?
Does the phone have speed dial capability? Does the phone have speed dial capability?
Do the handsets (all 3) have the jacks for headsets?
Can you screen calls? That is, does the answering machine play incoming message through base speaker? (Update:) Thanks for the info, Amazon community! I don't have caller ID. I'm replacing a machine where I can hear the message that's being left so I...
Are the bases for the handset sturdy? most of the newer phones have the cheapest flimsiest bases for the extra handsets..they flip,over easily.thanks
Can the answering function be turned off?
Is there an intercom system built in and, if so, how far apart has anyone used it? I'm wondering it it will work with one in a workshop 250+ ft away
Does it have a memory to store phone numbers and scroll them and the press talk to call?
does it have an audible message alert?
Can the caller ID announcement be turned off and only the normal ringer used?
battery life?
does it have headset jacks
Have you improved the numbers wearing off
If you have a message service -- e.g., ATT Message Center -- does the phone have a flashing light or some other indication that you have a message?
do handsets have back-lit screens?
Does this phone have a blinking light indicator when there is a message?
does it have a loud speaker
Do the satellite phone sets need to be plugged into a phone jack? Our phone jacks are not working except for one that we can plug the main phone into.
can the main phone be mounted to wall?
Can any of the units be wall-mounted???
does these phones all have a hook up for head sets
Where can I buy 2 handsets without the base unit?
Is this a landline phone?
does this phone have a call transfer feature to get messages on answering machine from another phone.
Can the base be mounted on a wall?
Does it have 100-240 v?
Is this 220 volts? (voltage)
phone system choices: What's the difference between the Panasonic KX-TG6545B and KX-TG6645B?
Two handsets on a call at one time? Is it possible to use two handsets for an incoming call in order that two people can talk to the same person?
how to five handsets on a call at one time
I'd like to buy a headphone/earbud /microphone to use on this phone, does anyone know the jack diameter that fits, or refernce to a jack that you've used that works well?
Headset Jack: Does anyone know if this unit comes with a headset jack on each phone?
caller number block: Can you block phone numbers
Anyone know if this phone comes with the batteries for all units? Does this phone come with the batteries for all units?
Does the intercom work between two handsets: Does the intercom work between handsets rather than just from the base?
Panasonic KX-TG6545B: Does the KX-TG6545B phone system have intercom capabilities?
why doesn't silent mode work?
Is the Panasonic KX-TGA740B compatible with the KX-TGA740C ????
Does the base unit hang on the wall?
Is there a wall haning option for this phone?
I have a Panasonic KX-TGA740B phone. Can I use your KX-TGA750B with my base, etc.
Can I use the KX-TGA750B handsets with my existing KX-TG7431 base station? Thanks for your input.
I have a KX-TG4021 base and want an additional phone, what models are compatable?
can you plug in a head set into this cordless phone to use?
I have KX-TGA-652 B. Would like to get another one to go with this one. Any suggestions
Will this extra handset work with a Panasonic KX-TG6512B ?
Good: I can tell if the phone has power charger V110? or only works with AAA battery?
I have base: KX-TG6572R &amp; current 2d phone: TGA 653. Will this work for a 3d phone?
Does this product ship with the required rechargeable batteries? Or do I need to purchase those separately?
Does this headset have a mute button?
Change set number
does this handset work with Panasonic model KX-TG6511?
Is this series expandable ?
Can you plug in a headset?
Universal voltage or 110V only? I plan to use this phone outside the US and was wondering if the power supply units are 110V only or international voltage compatible (110-240V)?
What does hearing aid compatible mean?
Mute button?
Why does this come with only one telephone line cord? Wouldn't both handsets need a line cord?
How do I set up voicemail on this device, using ATT u-verse voicemail service? I am not able to set the # of ring tones, before voicemail kicks in.
How do you know that you have voicemail? My phone that I have now has a light that flashes.
How comfortable is the phone holding the handset to your ear?
Does the second hand set base need to be plugged into a landline also?
I'm using this set in India (220V). The display continues to say "Charge batteries for 7 hours". What could be the issue?
This is a nice phone. However when I turn on speaker, it will not turn off witht he spkr button - only when I disconnect the call. Comments?
the 1 and 3 mention no answering machine, the 2 phone system does seam to have answering machine , want to make sure before purchasing
Do the numbers on the dialing keyboard light up?
Conflicting information - the product comp grid indicates no speakerphone, yet a couple of reviewers referred to that feature. Is there a speakerphone
is the tga402N compatible with the tga 402? That is, can both be in service with the same same caller at the same time?
Does this have a vibration mode?
Have the KX-TG 4023N system. Will these handsets work with our original set?
Does the handset have a speaker phone? The descripton says speakerphone but the comparison table reads "no" for this model. thanks. .
Works for international flights? Line of Venezuela?
does this set have an audio for caller ID?
Can you access your voice messages remotely from another phone?
Is it secure and does?Does it work with Voip? My phone service is with Comcast. Thank you.
Can you turn off the feature where it announces who's calling out loud?
can this be used with a modem
does it store numbers
does this phone have a locator?
how many handsets can be added
Using Voice Mail instead of answering machine? Does anyone know of a cordless phone with extra handsets, a dial pad and speaker on the base but NO answering system?
is it possible to use this unit without a landline phone company service, as a home option for extending cell phone use throughout the home?
Is there a privacy button
Does this phone have different ringing tones? My hear is very sensitive to certain frequencies...
Does the CallBlock feature prevent ringing from numbers I store? OR does it deliver a busy signal to a number I "block" and still ring once?
Can you mount this unit to the wall? We are looking to replace a 15 year old wall mounted cordless phone.
Will this work with google voice on a cell phone without a landline?
Does this have a voicemail message indicator light on handsets AND do the handsets have a headset jack???
is this 110-220v capable?
Will this phone work in India? Anyone used it in India?
I have a Panasonic tg - 4021 telephone system. I want to get 2 additional handsets. Panasonic recommended the TGA 401&gt; Is this 401B the same?
do i have to buy a charger for the Ni-MH batteries
Is this handset compatible with my KX-TG4021 system
DOES IT COME WITH A CHARGER BASE?
We have 4 KX-TGA401C handsets. Suddenly 3 of them are not working and display "Check tel line" message. I have checked the connections. Suggestions?
We have 4 KX-TGA401C handsets. Suddenly 3 of them are not working and display "Check tel line" message. I have checked the connections. Suggestions?
Does it have phone number blocking?
I have an Kx-tg7431 base set with answer machine. I am not sure if this handset will be operated by my current base handset? Thx.
I just purchased KX-TGD222 champagne. Will this work s an extra handset with mine?
I have Panasonic KX-TG4000 telephone system. KX-TGA400B is the original additional handsets. Does KX-TGA401B be compatible?
Is the black liner included?
wheels: are they plastic or hard rubber? prefer rubber
is that basket on the back detachable or collapsible?
Did any one have a problem "snapping" the front swivel wheels in place? I just couldn't figure how to get them on.
do youship this item to an adress in puerto rico
Is it possible to have the flexibility to mount the monitors in normal landscape mode, but with one above the other (instead of side by side)?
I'm wanting to stand at my desk and work. Would these adjust high enough to support that? Would need to move the monitors up about 2ft above desk.
Would this arm survive holding 2 24" monitors on a desk in a mobile trailer on the highway? The monitors would be secured from swiveling on the stand.
Can I mount it upside down to my ceiling? Will all hinges work normally in those conditions?
I recently purchased this item, and my one monitor only has a mounting area large enough to accept a 75mm bracket. What can I do?
I need to know the diameter of the pole that the arms attach to. I want to make my own pole stand &amp; attach the arms to that.
can i fit 1 x 27" imac late 2013 and 1 x 22" fujitsu siemens monitor on the Ergotron LX Dual Side-by-Side Arm
Is this LX Dual Side-by-Side Arm include Ergotron Notebook Arm Mount Tray ?
I am installing this arm in a corner of my desk. How far in front of the corner should I drill the holes for mounting?
apple
How is the stability with this stand? Are there any issues with it tipping or falling due to any balance issues or being to top heavy?
How high up does this extend? Asked another way, what's the clearance underneath when fully extended?
Can the legs be turned backwards and clamped to give room in front (i.e. put the screens on backwards, with suitable clamping for stability))
will this work with 2 asus vg series vg278h?
Has anyone mounted an all-in-one computer/monitor such as a new Dell with a 24" monitor? I'm question if they are too heavy for this unit.
How many inches long is the base of the stand?
Does anyone know if there is a way to tighten a hinge on this mount? Mine came with a lose hinge and as a result, monitor faces downward when mounted
How low can the monitor be positioned in landscape position - can the bottom of the monitor frame be sitting on the desk or within an inch?
I have 2 - 24 inch Dell Monitors. I have them on my desk. Will the stand be sturdy without attaching &amp; will same monitors be side/side?
What is the height of the vertical bar from the bottom of the stand?
When not in use will laptop swing out of way? Also what is the min &amp; max thickness of the desk that the clamp will work in.
What is the approximate degree of swivel that this is capable of? Thank you!
I have a table front 5" high and 3/4" deep on bottom. Clamp needs to open at least 5" and bite strongly on bottom board only 3/4" deep. Will it work?
Will this clamp well on a glass table?
diameter of the pole?
Will this work on a 2" thick portable table (plastic top / fold-out legs)? The underside of these tables are recessed and are not flat.
Can the platform be adjusted flat instead of tilted?
I have a sony vaio vgn nr330e. I think is a 15 inch? will it be able to carry it? also how bulky is the stand? is it annoying?
Does it hold a 17 inch laptop?
What is the height of the tube that the arm mounts to? I am limited on the vertical space for mounting it.
Is this system expandable beyond the 4 handsets? If so, where do you buy more handsets?
Lighted keypad: Does this model have lighted keypads on handsets?
Is there a visible or audible alert that you have messages, and how many? Does the recording tell you when the call came in? Thanks!
how do I change outgoing messages?
can you turn off ringer and let answering machine get messages?
Can you turn off the voice caller ID?
How many numbers can this block? I have older Panasonic and it only has 50.
Can you mount main base (with answering machine) to the wall? Can you mount main base (with answering machine) to the wall?
sortinghow do you sort phone numbers
iPhone 5 compatible?
Is anyone using a bluetooth headset with this phone? If so, what brand please?
What happens when I use another bluetooth device at the same time, say my iPad and bluetooth speaker?
Does it work with Sprint Connect 2?
headset?
how to copy landline directory to the new Panasonic telephone directory
call block
Does the phone allow separate ring tones for each connected cell phone?
What is the warranty and return policy on this item?
whats the size?
How firm is the backing? If I hold it up, does it remain stiff and flat?
what are the dimensions of this item?
Is this phone works for 220 valt ? i wanted for my mother in overseas .
how many miles range?
Does it show caller id?
Can the ringer be shut off entirely for days at a time or permanantly? (Only need outgoing calls)
Is "speakerphone" a feature of this specific model KX-TG4011N or not ??
Is the volume of the person you're talking to real good? My current phone is not. I'm tired of telling the person that I can't hardly hear them.
The base for one of the phones does not work, I have plugged it into other outlets. The phone is good. Any suggestions?
is it compatible with a ky-tg 4021 system base
is it to be used with tga402
can you plug in a headset to it
Does this system have a message indicator light? We have voicemail and our current system does not indicate we have any messages waiting.
can you turn down and turn off ringer on each Model KX TG6513B
Does it come with a headset jack?
is each base a charger
Is there a way to add a number called or dialed instantly to your saved phone numbers?
how does it speed dial from contacts when it has no speed dial ?
do the hand sets need to be plugged in
I am hearing impaiedhow is the message quality ?
is there a light indicator for voicemail
How is the sound quality? Is the sound clear or staticky?
I need an empty one for 1430, do you have one?
does the system come preloaded with ink
Can you use this product with the Epson 1430 printer?
Does it fits 1430?
if you don't have sublimation inks, Can I buy this CIS Ink System for Epson 79 Ink: Stylus Photo 1400 Printer for sublimation inks from other manufactoris?
I want to start up sublimation business, do you also have that kind of inks for Epson 1400?
My printer the 1430 stopped recognizing the ink. It's got plenty but doesn't see it. It was working fine. Any ideas?
How thick is this pad? An exact measurement would be great. I'm currently using a Steelseries QcK Heavy and it's 6 mm.
is this anti-static?
What are the exact dimentions? Length? Width? I know the dimentions listed in the Product Details is usually the size of it in the packaging.i
Where is this pad manufactured?
The product description is totally useless. What is the surface made of? Cloth, plastic?
does this pad work for laser/optic mouses?
What cable do I need to just print from my desktop?
does the toner cartridge still come with the printer in 2013. how many pages can I count on getting out of it? I need to know ASAP
Does this hp1212nf come with all installation cable(s) and directions?
1. What is ePrint? 2. Will it allow a laptop in my house not connected by USB cable or an Android smartphone to print on this printer?
I want to use the scanner to scan fabric for software I use in quilt making. Do you think it will work for me? Thank you for your help.
On the bottom feed, will it do leagal as well? How about labels?
is it wireless
is this printer wireless?
does it scan
I just need a copier for my church. Will this run copies without a computer attached?
How do I print black and white on my. 4500
Does this Printer come with the cartridges?? Also is it compatible with a MAC OSX?
Is it compatible with iPad Air 2? I have this printer &amp; can't get it to find the printer I have.
Printer is plugged in w/green light on transformer box, but why will the printer not turn on?
Does anyone know if you can print from your iPad 4th Generation on this printer?
What ink cart. do I buy? # please on them.
is this printer compatable with windows 8
get it into print mode
does this printer come with the cables? power and usb
How do I print black and white on my. 4500
How well does it print envelopes?
Exactly what kind of usb cable do I need to connect this printer to a dell laptop that has USB ports?
does it print colors or is it just black and white?
fax and copy capable?
Hi. I've installed two new toner cartridges and am still getting the "Toner Out" light anda refusal to print from them machine. Any hints?
hey there y'all. this printer will hook up to my HP Pavilion desktop pc, right? Need to know before I buy it.
Does this printer do color ?
cartridge included?
Does this printer have scanning capabilities?
can it be connected to network wireless
Wireless and USB at the same time? Can I use both connections to this printer at the same time?
Does this printer make copies
Does the CD have Windows ME support?
Does this printer also copy
apple mini
How to get this printer to work from PC? I have it working from IPad and IPod. Please help
Hi....bought this terrific printer two weeks ago.....installation a breeze...printouts v uneven! Help
does it print in color
You can print from a tablet by Wireless Direct?
Is this printer compatible with Remote Desktop (RDP)
Why are there so many terrible 1-star reviews on this product?
Can I print wireless?
Is it compartible with windows 7 and 8 computers?
is it wireless
is there an sd card
How do you connect the printer to a laptop?
Can it print photos ?
Does the 4500 use 901 ink?
does this scan to a word document for editing
does this scan to a word document
Can this product work in Jamaica?
what comes with detector?
My husband just got a ticket for speeding while using his Cobra last week. We live in Colombia, is it possible that it doesn't work here?
how long is the power cord
what comes in the box
$18 for one?
Do these expand?
Will it hold a 5/8" think book that is 9 inches by 11 inches?
How much do they expand?
Wrist Pad: Is the wrist pad the kind filled with squishy gel?
Can you remove the wrist rest?
are both sides plastic? Is there a cloth side?
will this work as same as playing in a flat smooth clean gentle surface that makes the mouse super accurate with a wrist swing?
Will make me look more swaggy?
Both sides are Anodized Aluminum or other material? I appreciate your help
Both sides are Anodized Aluminum or other material? I appreciate your help
The page pictures an assortment of pictures. If I choose a picture is that what I will get?? It doesn't look like the pictures are shaped right.
are the pads hard plastic or a cloth material?
How long does this last?
The listing says beige, but the picture is light green. But when you click on it the picture is dark brown... So which colour is it?
Will my iPad in an otter box work with his?
it calls this product "beige", but the picture is dark brown, and when I put it in my shopping cart, it shows a picture of it in green. Which is it?
Of what is pillow stuffing made? does it mould to different heights?
book seat color: I can't deal with brown - anyone sell the blue or purple or even black one?
How do I let it know what I want to translate, by typing it or through saying into speakers?
why is my translator not turning on after charging for 8 hours?
Does this device translate spoken languages?
Can you speak the phrase you need translated, and have the device speak or show it in another language?
can you put words for it to translate into another language?
If these sheets are run through a laser printer will the print be permanent? So a child could copy over letters for example?
Can you adhere these sheets to each other to make the sheets doublesided?
Can you punch holes in these sheets?
Do the sheets peel off easily and go on other spaces?
Will magnets stick to these?
Can you erase it if writings stay for more than one week?
What brand of dry-erase pen works best? Please describe why you think so, also.
I'm looking for white contact paper (made of fairly tough plastic) 24" wide to put on my work bench but can't find any. Would this product work?
What type of material is it, and damage free for children under 3?
Can you erase it if writings stay for more than one week?
we want to replace the inside of a frame outdoor white board centre with one piece and no joins our display frame is 26.50inches x 46 inch
Could these be staples or pinned to a bulletin board?
can you cut into smaller pieces
GoWrite! Dry Erase Rolls, 24"x20', White : Is this one piece of sheet 20 foot long and 2 foot wide ?
Is there a little better quality of this product that would hold up better to moisture and possibly be able to be set outside?
Does this work for the old style fountain pens that had a little lever on the side?
Is this the same shade as their "permanent blue?"
Why does the description say that it holds 50ml yet on the item's label (see imaged) it says it holds 60ml?
How quickly does this ink dry? Also have you had any problems with it clogging the pen?
Can you change it from Midnight Blue to ROYAL BLUE? If it's possible, please change to ROYAL BLUE.
Is this ink permanent ink or washable ink? They NEVER tell you for this product!
If I buy this, will I get the old iron gall version (105194) or the new version (109204)? I want the iron gall version, but it's hard to find.
Will they work with MP600?
Are these compatible with Canon MX700. And do they have a chip? I bought some from printpal that do not have a chip, and they didn't work.
do they have a chip
What canon printer works with canon ink cartridge series CLI
are these compatible with canon ip4500
is this compatible with the MX922?
Do these work with Canon MP610?
Will this ink work with the MP830?
Will this work on an IP 6600D
is this compatible with Canon PIXMA iP4300?
Are the dies replaceable easily? If I own a laser engraver machine, is it possible to somehow mount my own dies into the embosser? Thanks so much.
Where to enter our initials? Where do you give/enter our initials when we want to order?
Looking for a emboss to do some paper item {napkins} with there first name and intital in the middle and the wedding date on te bottom will this work
I want to send 300DPI ~or higher~ .jpg file displaying the design I want. Is this possible? Anything I should know?
How do I customize the monogram?
Can you use this embosser on paper plates?
I thought this would simply produce a raised monogram. No dies or color. Is that correct?
can this be used to emboss paper cocktail napkins?
Is the plate adjustable to be able to emboss from the side and from the top and from the bottom of the page? Also do you seel silver foil stickers?
When di I pick out the three letters I want?
does the hand phone show a clock when not in use
Is there a way to disable the answering machine?
Does this item come with a 220 volt adapter?
Does anyone have problems with the call waiting, as Nashville Nancy had described in her review?
does this phone have a headset jack
Is this a low EMF or "eco-DECT" cordless phone?
does this have a silence feature to quell late night callers and does it have call blocking capabilities
Does answering machine give you "date" and time of call? Can you mute, or reduce volume to zero, of incoming messages as they are being left?
Can you remove the dividers in the bottom drawer?
I just asked how deep the drawers are. I don't mean front to back, I mean how tall are they?
How deep are the drawers?
what are the actual demensions of this? one section reads: Size: 6"H x 15"W x 11"D and in the technical details: Product Dimensions 19 x 37 x 9 inch
Does it come with glass?
WILL IT FIT A 12X24 CALENDAR
Does the frame hide the calendar hanging holes on the top and bottom?
Can you look back and forth between months without having to remove the whole calendar?
Is this for the 7.75 X 15.5 vertical calendar? Dimensions seem awfully large.
what size calendars will it hold
What size calendars fit in frame?
Are the buttons plastic or rubber?
Does it come with a cover, or case?
how can I get instructions for use of calculator
is this a basic calculator?
What is the size of this calculator?
Are the buttons plastic or rubber?
Will this calulator let me figure out &amp; add the tax rate to the total price of a purpchase. Since I rarely need to do this myself I've forgotten how.
Is the display angled?
Is this completely flat or is it curved at the top?
There is no "off" button - how do we turn it off?????
How do you turn off the calculator? I see an "on" button; though it is solar as well as battery backup, how do you save the battery power? thanks
I can't see how to get a battery in. Where is the battery compartment?
What is the difference between this model and MS 80 TV ?
does it have a tape attachment?
My Casio lost the 3 vertical display lines in the far right digit (last digit), so most numbers. are impossible to read. Is there a fix for this?
can the - tax button be differnt rate than the + tax rate?
Are the buttons made of rubber or hard plastic?
size?
Does this calculator show the string of numbers/calculations as you are typing them in, rather than overriding them. i.e. 34 + 12 + 5 + 26.....
does it have feature of erasing some last digits from the number I typed ?
Does this calculator come with a case?
Hi, I would like t buy this pen as a gift, does it come in a 'nice' presentable gift case, if so, any description?
It says the color ink is silver. Is that true? If not, what color is the ink?
What Size of Point is it? Medium (1.0mm) is what I prefer
Is this pen refillable?
Is this battery operated or requires power cord?
who does the narration?
can you hear Bible without the earphones
can you store your favorite verses?
How do you adjust the screen brightness?
Does it come with the power cord or batteries?
can we use the all purpose glue to finish transfers photos in to wood?
after it dries is it water proof
Will this glue age well? I am creating mixed media fine art that I want to stand up for years to come, not turn yellow or eat holes threw paper?
does it dry clear?
will all purpose elmers glue adhere fabric-back vinyl to painted metal file cabinet?
Has anyone tried making books with this glue?
can we use this glue for stick glass bangles one each other and kundans on it
Does it have to be assembled
How is the back finished? In our usage it would show.
Where can I get more information about this item? Is it a two drawer cabinet with a large lower drawer, and a thiner upper drawer.
Does this file have two-drawers and one small drawer? Do the files hang parallel to the front of the drawer or are they sideways files?
Is this cabinet on swivel wheels or must the cabinet be moved either forward or back.
Is the back of it wood grain like the sides and front?
Does it come in other colors. I have mainly natural red oak colored furniture.
do the files go from front to back?
Is it open on both sides? If I have a double sided poster, would this work?
Does it also go in landscape form?
How thick is the opening? I need to make mine into a bulletin board by inserting a cork sheet and cardboard. Is there enough room to insert this?
Do these sign holders include the clear plexi inserts?
If we use them outdoors for a four-hour event, are they sturdy enough to withstand a slightly windy day?
does this stand have protective lenses in order to protect signs?
does this hold double sided posters?
This seems like an odd size. Where do you get 22x28 posters printed?
I'm interested in using the frame (w/o the stand) outdoors with a weather proof graphic insert. Will this frame rust or fall apart if used outside?
Is this foldable and easily transportable?
How is this different than the red "Kum AS2 or AS2KM, Two Hole Automatic Long Point Pencil Sharpener"?
Holes "1" and "2" are for sharpening the pencil, but what are the red and white holes for?
Is there any way to prevent the cover from breaking off?
Is the actual sharpener body, not the cover, made of magnesium alloy or is it plastic? I purchased the red version and the screw threads didn't last.
Is the actual sharpener body, not the cover, made of magnesium alloy or is it plastic? I purchased the red version and the screw threads didn't last.
What is the blade made of? Steel?
Anyone have problem with sharpening 2mm leads? My lead has a rounded tip that is larger than 0.7 mm lead. Not sharp at all like the pencils.
Is there a replacement blade for the lead pointer blade?
Will this sharpen a 2mm lead holder/clutch pencil/mechanical pencil lead? If so, anyone try sharpening 2mm colored lead?
Could I use this for my LG pocket photo Pd239??? Or is this strictly for Polaroid brand only??
What is the weight ?
I have lines running down my photos and can't get rid of them--what can I do?
Will this paper work in the new Polaroid Zip Instant Photoprinter?
I have a LG PoPo Pocket 2PD239. Will these work for my printer?
hi has anyone used this paper with this machine/ or know if I can? Pandigital PANPRINT01 Zero Ink Portable Color Photo Printer Bundle with 45 sheet
Does this product work for LG PoPo mini photo printer?
does the paper come with the blue smart sheet&iuml;&frac14;&#159;
I have a Polaroid Socialmatic, can I use this for my camera?
Can this be used in coming new Polaroid Socialmatic 14MP Wi-Fi Digital Instant Print &amp; Share Camera?
How much weight can it hold?
The dimensions say 24 x 23.5 inches - I was wondering if this was accurate for the footprint/base measurements of the chair, from left-to-right seated
How is the arm rest? Looks like your arms would slide right off.
Does this chair have good back support?
What is the material on the bottom of the legs? Felt, soft rubber, plastic, etc......
Hello. I wanted to see if anyone can let me know how high the arms are? My desk has drawers across the front so many chairs with arms don't fit.
is it good for students?
Can these chairs be stacked?
Quick question I have a chair rail ans was asking height floor to top edge of back?
What are the dimensions of the seat area itself? Thanks.
What material is the frame made of? Is it plywood, or solid wood?
please tell me the seat height from floor to top of seat? Thank you.
Would two medium-sized adults fit comfortably in it side by side?
Is this the same color as the burgundy wingback traditional guest chair?
what are the dimensions?
I can't find any details on the width of the loveseat. Approximately how wide and deep is it? Thank you
Weight limit?
how wide is the seat (edge to edge)?
warranty
measurement height of back and across measurement of seat?
is the base that's holding the wheels made of plastic or metal?
What is the weight capicity.
Do you get the sink in feeling in this chair or is the leather kinda stiff ? or in between ? i am looking for the sink in kind ....
What is the seat height please?
Is this real leather? The artificial leather can't last for long time
Can you rest your head on the back of this chair? I am 5'10"
What is the weight capacity ?
Are the arms adjustable?
how wide is the chair how much weight dose it holds
What is the seat height?
Does this chair have rubber casters so not to scratch or scuff hardwood floors?
What are the dimensions of the seat itself? Would this be good for a small person (short distance from hips to knees)?
What is it's wight limit?
Are the armrests adjustable?
Can the belt be removed?
Is this able to tilt back?
does this come with glides instead of casters
What is the actual depth dimensions of the Boss Mesh Back with Pewter Finish Task Chair?
weight limitations especially over 300lbs?
Does anyone know where to get extra slide, neg and pic trays?
Do you need to place photos one by one? Or is there a feeder for more? How long does 1scan takes?
The power source: Is it only battery ? Can it tbe connected to a Mac via USB ? Does it have a power cord and if so is it 120-240 Volts ?
Why do my slides look like negatives?
how many picels
How do you get the files to the computer?
What is the advantage to getting the ION PICS 2 SD versus the ION OMni Scan Stand Alone?
When you put in a negative (not a positve slide), does it show on the preview screen as a positive or a negative image?
Will I be able to scan my 127 Superslides (40MM) with this scanner? If not, do you have a model that can scan that size?
can 3x5 photo be scanned? Or just 4x6 and 5x7?
dose it seperate denominatoins
Does it counts mexican pesos??
what kind of warranty does it have
Fujitsu ScanSnap S1300 versus Neat Receipts for Mac: Which is the more cost-effective?
Fujitsu ScanSnap S1300 vs. Fujitsu ScanSnap S1500? Which of these two models would you suggest for a home user with 20+ years of filing to de-clutter (for aging parents and self)?
Can the s1300 be installed on more than one computer?
Fujitsu ScanSnap S1300 or S1500 vs Canon Scantini: If I want to go paperless and keep folders of 100-200 household subjects, do I need anything besides included software (either Canon or Fujitsu) if I have Microsoft Office?
Which of the scanners pa03603-B005 or B205 or S1300i Fujitisu works best for reciepts like home depot that get wrinkled or folded
What is owners experiences with using this for photo's? Picture quality? I saw someone say it will save to JPG as well as PDF. Any other file formats?
Can this organize receipts for use in preparing tax returns?
but can it run reports based on the info on receipts?
Scanning PDFs but not searchable - why? This was a huge feature for me, can anybody give me a tip how to get that working?
Mine won't connect reliably anymore now with win8.1 I have worked with Fujitsu tech support &amp; tried many things. Still iffy. Anyone found a fix?
The dots on the picture are just the magnets that come with the strip right? The magnets can actually be used anywhere on the strip?
How heavy is the strip? Can't use screws in the office. Would command strips hold it up?
Can this strip be hung on studs? Or are the holes pre-drilled? If so, how far apart are the holes?
Is this just one magnetic strip?
How do you hang the magnetic strip? Does it come with screws?
How heavy of an object will the strip hold, i.e., a small screw driver?
Is this phone compatible with an older Avaya phone system. I now own a cordless handset 3910 series that finally died. Will this work in it's place! Serial No. 4Y4012386 EXP9700
I am replacing a 3910 which does not work. Will it need to be configured or do I just plug it in an go?
We have 3 lines. Can you access all of them from this cordless phone?
Does the phone come with the base unit?
is it compatible with my Avaya s8730?
does phone have usb port for using wireless headphones?
does it need POE or it comes with power supply?
Is this bag/chair allowed as a carry on in a plane? Thanks!
will this stand by itself if it is full of groceries and the seat is up?
Is it made of steel or aluminum?
Can you push this cart in front of you or do you have to pull it behind you? I'm looking for something I can push rather than pull.
what is the weight? What is the circumference of the wheels?
I don't use a cane but find it easier/more comfortable to walk when pushing a shopping cart. Would pushing this make it more comfortable to walk also?
What are the bag dimensions (H,W,D)? and how high the handle off the ground please? Does bag material seem durable?
What are the dimensions of the compartment for groceries, laundry etc. How much will it hold. 1 bag of groceries? Load of laundry?
What are the seat deminsions inside and between the bars, please?
What is the weight recommendation?
where is this pen made
Is the ballpoint tip retractable? If so, what is the retraction mechanism: twist or push?
Is it the Standard Version or Slim Version?
What is the difference between this pen and the one that Parker has on their website? This one is the Sonnet GT, what does GT mean? R they same size?
Does it come with a gift box?
Is the weight of pen 5 oz? just want to know if it feels heavy in the hand as i prefer "heavy" pens.. hope you understand what im trying to say?:)
can I use fine point refills?
What is the width of the seat?
How high are the casters?
Is this comfortable?
One review says it is particle board. Is it particle board or real wood
the quality of the chair?
What is the widest part of the wheels? I need a chair that is no wider than 21" to fit under my desk.
Can it be set so it does lean back at all?
Will the wheels go under a space that is 19 inches wide?
What are the highest and lowest seat heights? My desk is unusually high.
what is weight cap
how high does the seat go for bankers chair on wheels with arms?
What are the inside demensions of the seat?
does it swivel? if so, does it lock into position with no swivel?
How deep is it in the sit? (front to back of seat)
What is the height of the arms from the floor when the seat is all the way down?
what is stem size of casters?
How would you describe the brown color (not the walnut)? On my computer it can appear gold/light brown, other times taupe/brown, or even dark beige.
What are the dimensions?
Are the seat and/or back cushions reversible? Thanks!
Was this item shipped Standard shipping to the door or by Freight where you had to take it off the truck or pay extra to have it unloaded? Thank you.
I need the dimensions of the Regent Loveseat when unassembled
is the bottom cushon reverseable?
I'm a big guy. How much weight can it hold?
Height is adjustable? Maximum and mini9mum height? Thanks.
Do the casters work well on grouted tile floors?
Does anyone know the actual wood that is used? And where was it made?
How deep is the seat from front to back? No sense getting a chair that's too long in the sit for me.
Can someone tell me, please, the acutal seat width, measured inside arm to inside arm. Thanks!
From the lowest setting, how far is the seat from the floor?
Would you recommend this chair for 8-10 hours per day/5 days per week sitting in front of the computer?
Does it come in white, with arms?
Does it come in white, with arms?
What is the min/max seat height in inches?
Earlier answers pegged the min seat height at 22.5" - 23.5". Is this before sitting on it? About how far do you sink in when sitting on it? Thx!
How sturdy is it while fully extended?
What is the seat made of? On Amazon it looks like a nice matt fabric texture. But on another website the seat looks shiney/plasticy looking.
Do the caster wheels lock?
Is this tall enough to use at a standing height desk for a 6'2" person?
What are seat dimensions?
How adjustable is the back on this? The pictures on the company website seem to indicate height/depth adjustment.
Does this have any lumbar support?
what are the dimensions of the wheel base?
Is the seat height from the ground really 36"? I'm 6'4" and would need every bit of the 36". Does the seat hold well at max height?
Can the foot rest just be install Just have the seat without the foot rest?
Does anyone know if you can get arm rests with this chair? If not, do you know of another chair that reaches the same height with armrests?
Is this a good size chair for a women, I am 5 '4" and 130 lbs, or is this chair built for a man where the depth of the seat to the back rest is large.
How do you swap out the feet? I put on the flat feet, and now want to try the wheels, but I can't get the flat ones off.
What is the weight capacity?
What is the seat height range for this chair?
What is the depth of the seat? What is the 23.4" measurement - from where to where?
How low will the seat height adjust to? I have a smallish desk with open space for chair at 24" high
Are these true white or antique white?
Does this chair swivel?
Will this chair except standard casters? I would want to replace the plastic ones with rubber
Bought chair. Casters aren't 'clicking' &amp; secure. Do the casters go ALL the way into the hole or as far as the grip ring? Seems unsteady.
any seat cushions that fit this chair available?
Can this be assembled without the keyboard tray? Thanks!
can I get a small 2 drawer file cabinet under it?
what are the dimensions?
Is it possible to remove or cover the storage compartment to have a flat, solid surface for the mouse across the whole keyboard tray? Thanks!?
What are the dimensions of the keyboard tray and the storage compartment?
Would this fit a Logitech G15 or any keyboard with a width of 19.5 inches underneath?
What is the height and lenth? I'm needing to know if I can snuggly fit my large keyboard under it?
Are the cup holder and phone holder optional?
How sturdy is this with weight on it? Are the ABS legs rigid?
what is the over all dimensions, outside to outside?
Hi, you only gave two dimensions. What is the 3rd dimension, I can't tell if the 20' is from from front to back, or side to side? thanks
My keyboard is 20 inches wide will it fit underneath?
Are additional cup and phone holders available? I use the cup holder for my Bluetooth speaker and would like to have another for my coffee cup.
Does this sufficiently protect against dust when the keyboard is stored underneath?
Can the usb ports charge a phone?
What are the seat measurements?
What is the weight limit?
Does it last a long time and is it sturdy? Does it lean back?
Will this support my head if I am 6'3''? I am wanting a chair that I can use with an ottoman sometimes to lean back in.
SquareTrade 2-Year Personal Care Protection Plan ($200-250) for 20 dollars is offered when I added the Commodore to my cart. Is it worth it?
Does this chair tilt/recline and if so how far back.
I like to work with the chair in an upright position almost like a straight backed chair. Is it upright?
Can you lock the chair in the tilted back position?
I have a chair that tilts back too easily. I weigh 260 and sit with my feet propped up slightly below heart level. Does it have good tilt resistance?
Does this chair have great lumbar support?
does the back have a clip or pinch that i can use to attach to the front of a lab coat, i cant wear my id on my hip. thank you.
Is it able to "lock" in a un-retracted position. I don't want it to be pulling on a zip drive that is in a computer...
Can you attach this to a belt? If so, how? The top clip doesn't look big enough for this.
How likely is this to break if it gets caught on something and the line pulled all the way out?
Would the clip fit over a handbag strap?
How many keys does this hold before the weight of the keys starts pulling down the cord by itself?
what i want to know is will the spring whole the weight of the items on it..the one i have now the keys hung almost down to my knees.
I bought 1 in Aug'14 now it is broke, any warranty ?
is this rust- &amp; corrosion-proof? (i plan to use it to attach my pliers to my belt while saltwater fishing).
would i be able to use this item underwater?
The product photo show it with two screens. Does the upper one also show the negative or slide inserted or is it only of photos inserted?
How do I save the scanned photo on my Apple MacBook Pro? Photo Scanner/ Save/ Enter/ hourglass appears but can't find the photos in a file?
Will this convert 110 &amp; other older negative sizes?
Can the scanned photos be edited?
Anyone have a manual? I inherited this and there was no manual
Sometimes I need a few extra brochures and don't have time place an order with a printer. Is the print quality adequate in a pinch, or is it Kinko's?
I am trying to find a color printer that will print A-9 envelopes (5 3/4 X 8 3/4 size. Will this printer do the job?
I have horizontal lines printed on the first and second page on new printer. Is it defective printer or I can fix it. Please help!
Can you use this printer on transfer paper and sticker paper? Thank you.
How well does the R12 roll over sand? i would like to be able to use it to transport supplies at the beach on the sand.
Does it have air filled wheels? Would it be more stable if it did not?
Is this the Model R12RT (All terrain)???
Is there 32" of height under the handles to slide flat panels that are 32"x4"x72"?
R12 says free shiping but when i checkout it has shipping price
how small is it folded up. I have a limited space.
How high is the push bar (when in the 4 wheel position) from the ground?
does the R12 expand? what are the detentions both length and width, how much does it weigh?
Are the all terrain wheels the R-Trac never flat version? Picture show them but I want to make sure that they are.
Are your only options fully collapsed or fully extended; i.e., can you make the cart 40 inches long vs. 34 or 52?
Can you fold &amp; store the cart with the solid deck in place? Thanks!
is this the original cart? The RocknRoller&reg; Multi-Cart&reg; R8RT it doesnt say it on the side rail
How wide is the cart from the outer edge of the wheels?
What is the weight capacity in the hand truck position, since it would only be supported by two wheels?
The one R8 which is damaged,...what is wrong with it, and lastly do your R8's have predrilled holes wing screws and decking? Thanks, -Doug
how tall is the push bar from ground to hand placement
Does this model have the R-Trac wheels included? The description states "This sweet little cart also features Rock N Roller's 8" R-Trac wheels"
Is a Travel Bag for R6 available
how tall is the R6 when uncollapsed?
before I buy, i need to know the inside width between the bars on the handles. thanks!
how heavy it it?
How wide are the "bed" rails? I'm concerned that it will be narrow enough that amps, rack cases, etc, will simply roll off.
Does this item come assembled? Thank you.
What is printed on the back of the ticket-
is it 2000 doubles or just 1000 doubles (2000 total) ?
If I order 5 rolls, can I be assured they will be consecutive and no repeats?
It says it can hold tv's up to 39 in. wide, but how tall can the tv be?
How high is the shelf the tv sits on ?
what are the dimensions of the bottom cabinet (width-depth-height?)
would you put it together if i need it !!!
I have a 41.5" slot in my wall and just want to make sure it will fit. Is the 41.5'' wide at the very top?
will it hold a 46 " tv?
will it hold a 42 inch
WILL IT HOLD A 55'' TV?
Is their a hole on the lower shelves where you would put the dvd player and cable box,
Does the 40 inch height include the hutch?
is the front finished
What are the dimensions?
Does it last?
is it real wood?
The pictures shows 2 drawers on the left side. What are the dimensions on the bottom drawer? Does it have shelves inside or is it one big open cabin
What are the demensions of the desk? Will it be big enough for my 8 year old and last through school years?
Does this desk come assembled
what size keyboard fits on the tray?
do they make one that carries a 32 in tv/monitor?
How deep is tray? i've a surface pro. it's 9.75" from front to kickstand. the listed dimensions are unclear; i think it is 10.9" deep. thanks.
I have a ergotron arm that holds a cintiq and I would live to have my keyboard under it...can the arm be used in this case?
Would this be able to support a laptop computer itself?
is this the arm and tray
keyboard arm extension: how many inches will the arm extend from wall?
Is this arm compatible with the desk mount poles or will it not fit/not fit snugly on a desk mount system?
I would like to run the signal from the adapter through the internal phone wiring to a base phone in another room. Has anyone tried this? Did it work?
what phones can you use i.e reg.corded, cordless etc?
If I order this package from Amazon, what is included? Do I still have a monthly surcharge? If so, what will it be?
Has anyone tried using this in an EU country?
a reviewer said "Make sure your Internet connection is fast enough to support VOIP." what speed is needed?
During assembly, can the legs between each shelf be cut down to lower the overall height of the cart?
I still would like to know how much weight it can support. Any "probably" answers are unhelpful :P Can it hold over 60 lbs?
Is this product 40.5 inches or 37" high?
can the middle shelf be adjusted up or down? can a 5gallon bucket fit underneath the middle shelf?
Product Description: "Clearance between shelves is 26 inches" so that means 26" + 26" = 52" but the cart is ~40" high? What gives?
Can you order a cover for this cart, possibly with a velcro closure?
what is the overall height with the wheels on ? Is it black or red in color ?
How much weight can this cart support?
Anyone have experience using this scale? I'm leary because I can't find any reviews of it -
What kind of batteries does it use (w/o using adapter)?
does the jennings mastership 55lb. digital scale come with an AC adapter? if not how do I get one? What's the price?
What battery does it take?
This inquiry is in regards to the CALCULATOR MODE. Does the screen show the entire mathematical equation or just the numbers?
can you get manauls for them without purchasing one?
how do you set this to convert euros to us dollars?
Would it be good for an older lady,
Will this calculator compute time?
Does it have a night light?
does it have a alarm
What battery does this use?
does it have a countdown??
how many pages of printing does it do?
How many pages will this cartridge print?
When is the manufacture date for this item?
Will this work with the HP Laserjet Pro M1212nf MFP?
I bought this in Sept. so I would have it when I ran out of the current one I was using. I just put it in my machine and it is defective. Help!
Will this fit my HP 1102W printer?
Is this an HP product or compatible???
There is no response to the Feb. 18,2013 post,is this an OEM item?
Is this an original HP print cartridge? Not one that has been refilled?
What is the number for HP's high capacity cartridge for 1606dn? It's not showing up for me here at Amazon, nor on a major brick/mortar store's site.
Is this the same as 278A? I need to know if it will work in a HP LaserJet1536MFP.
Where is HP's estimated page count? What is HP not telling you?
is this an orginal HP &amp;8a or a refill
hi , what is expiration date printed on the box??? thank you!
is this the cartride I need for HP Laserjet Product# CE749A - Model PC1600dn?
Do they come in all 4 colors?
How many come in a pack?
can you tell me what size the highlighted section is?
Do they flex with a page?
Are these durable? I find the plastic overlay sheets or strips scratch easily. Are these the same?
Do these guides lie flat upon the page? Thanks for your help.
The photo shows two sizes of tabs, one of them much smaller. The description only describes one size. Which one actually comes in the package?
Are these tabs paper or are they more durable and/or laminated for long-term use?
The photo shows two sizes of tabs, one of them much smaller. The description only describes one size. Which one actually comes in the package?
The photo shows two sizes of tabs, one of them much smaller. The description only describes one size. Which one actually comes in the package?
Will this phone work with a CL83201. Thanks
Hi We have an AT&amp;T Dect 6.0 answering system, we lost one of the phones with it's base, will this serve as a replacement? I believe its the same unit
Will this phone work with a CL82409?
Does this phone have a locator on it? I tend to forget where I left it when I walk around the house.
Does this phone have a jack to put a headset?
can this phone be used as a stand alone phone without a base?
Just bought AT&amp;T EL52100 base, now looking for a remote handset;having hard time finding. Couldn't get CL80111 to register despite 8-10 tries?
Will this handset work with model CL82413?
Does this phone work with TL86109?
will this cordless phone work with my att&amp;t CL2940 corded phone
Can I use a headset with this phone?
Does it come with the base, and if so, is it compatible with the LS6325-2 model?
Works alone? Or with the base phone? Thanks
Does it have a speaker phone
Can you use this handset on its own, or do you need to purchase a "home base" separately?
A&amp;T DECT 6.0 Digital Corded/Cordless Ans. system 84100: Is the corded phone able to be mounted on the wall?
does this phone have do not disturb button?and can yu turn the ringer down/off?
Flashing message indicator? Anyone know if this unit does so?
how can i defeat provider's voice mail? While the 84100 has the voice mail storage feature which is quick and easy to access, how does one defeat the service provider's voice mail so that I can use the voice mail on the phone?
Can you block numbers? Can you block numbers from calling?
Can I replace the corded handset with a headset?
I need an owners manual
Does this phone show the # calling, even without caller ID?
Does it have a speaker and a mute button?
can you use it on the wall
Can you attach a headset to this phone?
Please verify if this phone really does have issues with sending secondary tones, say, for conference call access? If so, any remedy?
Why does the item description say "Caller ID Displays on Handset and Base"? Is there a digital screen on the handset?
does this phone could be attached a stand itself?
Does anyone know what headsets are compatible with this phone. I have tried two so far and no luck. Thanks
Can you retrieve messages from another location?
We have multiple phones in our office, how can we set the LINE 1 &amp; 2 displays to show line in use on the other units not currently being used?
Since I have only one incoming line, if I'm on a call and get another call, will the answering machine pick up if plugged in Line 1/2 connection?
Does it have two lines (so that I can leave one line hooked to my dedicated fax machine?)
does it have a ac adapter? or it could work with batteries?
Is the speakerphone full duplex?
Can this be connected to a computer's audio?
Does it have "mute" capability?
Is it compatible with the TL7800 cordless headset? If not, what other Bluetooth headsets work with the phone?
does the desk phone have a headset jack?
How long can the outgoing message be?
Here's an out of date question, but here goes.. Wondering if you are charged addtl. fee for caller id or if it just works like cells do now? Thanks!
can you conference line 1 with line 2 ?
does this phone have voice announce called ID?
does it have a message waiting indicator
How much weight can it hold?
Do you get all three folding carts?
Does this have side panels for holding hanging file folders?
how does handle come out
Can you sit on top of it? Going to a craft show and want somewhere to sit for awhile. Hope I hear from someone soon. Thanks.
if i order from today, when can i got it ? or how many business days to take it ?
can the cover be removed
What's the internal measurement of this cart? Can i fit files that are 11x17 inches flat inside?
Sometimes we have to park a distance from the job site and carry the tools. I want something we can put tools in, will this do?
Can I put a full Dell server on this? Will it support the dimensions and weight?
Can the length be expanded as well? I have a really long tower that's about 23" x 9".
This should fit a full tower right? I have the NZXT Phantom white case.
Will this fit an Alienware Aurora R4 properly without weight or size issues?
Can a CM Storm Stryker fit this?
How deep is this Will a Compaq Presario modelq5720F PC fit it
Will this stand carry about 70-80lbs? My rig is kinda on the heavy side of things so I don't wanna buy this just to have it break.
I expanded the unit to its max but I can't get it to close up to fit a smaller unit now. How do you get it to adjust down?
Weight capacity?
Do the wheels stay still?
The document feeder keeps jamming. Any idea on how to fix this? Is this a common problem with this printer?
I lost the ext cord of the printer, where can i buy a replacement?
is this a laser printer
where can I get an installation CD ?
is it windows 7 compatible?
Does this pad display numbers to be used with a debit card?
Does this unit show the signature as it's being signed?
What are the actual dimensions of the unit? Dimensions given by amazon don't seem right.
Is this compatible with Windows 8?
Will the signature show up on pad also as I sign or it will only show on computer screen
Does this product work well with windows 8 PC's?
what software is it compatible with? is it easy to use with microsoft office products?
Does this Sig Pad plug in via USB: how does this product connect to the laptop?
Is is Mac compatible?
What size is the seat?
What is the height of the seat (not to the top of the back)?
Can the seat back and seat be recovered without too much difficulty. .
What are the dimensions of these chairs once folded for storage?
Do these chairs come assembled?
Is the chair higher than a bathroom sink or lower? I want this chair to sit and do my hair at my bathroom sink, would this work?
Will these work for a pub height table?
How comfortable are they for longer periods of sitting?
Would these be able to travel in the trunk of a mid-sized car? Example, Honda accord
Did everyone's chairs come in a dark brown / espresso as described? We just received ours and wood is more of an [unexpected] *cherry* finish?!?
Do the handsets have headphone jacks? Some of the reviews say no, but the owners manual shows one.
how many hand sets do you get
Do these phones have speaker phone?
if a line comes in to one office can you put it on hold and then transfer the call to another phone set?
If the power goes out will this phone still work?
Can you get belk clips for these phones ?
how do I get a dial tone on my phone
Does it have a headset port &amp; belt clip?
does the large handset need to be plugged in, or can it be used in a cordless fashion?
Does the base station have a speaherphone
Is th box made from recycled material
I'm a little confused. It is a 25 record mailers made to hold one record, or is it a mailer that holds up to 25 records?
Will they hold boxed set lps?
Is this compatible with Windows 8?
Is this compatable with Windows XP?
I cannot get any sheet to scan straight. It feeds straight but every image is skewed. I did calibrate it. Anyone else come across this?
neat receipts
Can it be used with neat receipts
Is it possible to combine scanned documents and receipts into one pdf or will each page scanned become its own pdf?
Does the scanner support one-touch scanning (ie press a button on the actual unit and it is scanned to computer instead of opening up a program)?
What OCR software comes with it? How does that one compare with ABBYY Finereader?
how many pages per minute
does it scan double sides? like check scans
Includes toners?
does it include all color inks?
I want this for the straight path. Can I put more than one sheet to print? or is it individual.
Does it include fuser and belt?
how wide can this printer print? also can you use a roll of paper for this kind of printer?
Can this print on thick cardstock? Does it have an opening in the back so paper wouldn't roll into the printer?
Will this cutter cut just 1 or 2 sheets simply, without clamping things down, like a regular paper cutter?
Can it Cut 250 Sheet at least some what square?
Is there any manual online anywhere?
How many sheets can it cut?
Can this paper cutter cut legal sized (8.5x14) papers?
Is there a minimum size that can be trimmed off? For instance, can it trim 1/4" off the end of 8.5x11 paper to make the paper 8.5x10.75"?
do you think itcould cut through leather
Is there a replacement cutting mat (the red strip the blade presses onto when cutting) available?? Is there a mfgr web site or anything?
Hi, I bought this cutter, but now the cutting stick need to be changed. Do you offer cutting stick?
How long is the blade? 12" I dont see it documented.
I have HP photosmart 7520 which has 564 cartridges, 3 colors and 2 blacks. Does the 564 XL ink refill work in the regular (non XL) cartridges as well?
Are these the exact colors HP uses?
How hard is it to inject the ink and when will I know it is full? I have the 920 HP Color (skinny cartridges) to fill up.
Is this compatible with HP Envy?
how can refill the colors cartridge?
I have the HP photosmart 6520 series. Has anyone tried it with this model? If so what were your results?Thanks
your statement next to the free shipping state "saving your money is our business. Upgraded to total of 24 oz". Does you product have more ink?
is this kit good for hp envy 5535. 61 cartridge Thanks ceil
Can this work with my HP Photosmart 5520?
don't we need to clean the syringe after every use? with what?
Does this work well on epson 69 cartridges ?
will this work with hp deskjet 1010 printer?
This ink can be used in a Epson XP-211 Printer?
will this ink refill work for all epson ink cartridges? if i bought this how would i put the ink in the cartridge?
Is this UV resistant ink?
will this work in the Epson NX420?
will these work on Epson WF 3620, if so can I refill the OEM cartridges? Watched a YouTube movie on how to do that and reset cartridge chip.
I refilled the ink cartridge, but the print is worse. It is very faint and spotty. Epson WF3520. Any Ideas why?
Does the ink works in Epson WP-4530
hello, good morning , is this ink is compatible with epson printer WF3540 ?
Does this work with Lexmark OfficeEdge Pro4000? Has anyone tried it? Thanks!
how to refill?
Does this work for a Lexmark Impact 300 Series?
Does this work with a Lexmark Pro-205 ink-refill
How do I refill this for a 100XL cartridge? (specifically used with a S405) it is not recognizing the cartridge at all.
Can I use this with Lexmark S400 series, speciically interpret 400s???
Can I substitude the Black ink in this kit with more color ones? Then that would be (2) of each color, because I have enough Black ink!
Anyone know if these will work with the Lexmark 100 cartridges?
Will this work on a HP Deskjet 1050 Printer
Would this ink refill kit work on the lexmark printer cartridge numbers are black 16 and color 26?
How long does it last on average? how many refills?
It shipped without any instructions where can I find them?
Is this Dye or Pigment Ink?
What am I doing wrong? I filled the Blank ink cartridge with 5ml and it only gave me about 30 printed pages, then started printing blank pages.
Is this kit not compatible for HP 920 cartridge?
I bought the set for my printer which uses hp 61. Only time I get something to print is after I cleaned the heads but nothing after that
Are these ink can work on hp 61 Color &amp; Black?
Is it gonna work with HP Deskjet 2512 ?
I got a low-ink warning on the colors and refilled all of the colors &amp; the black for the first time but my HP6830 only prints out black now. Pls help
My HP printer says: 'ink cartridge depleted: Replace or press OK to continue'. But printer won't let me select "OK". How to force printer to accept?
Does it comes with 1 Syringe or 4 syringes? Can the seller answer this question?
Does this product come with dye or pigment ink, and how well does it work with canon mg2220?
"Drill" was so difficult I used a knife and it left rough edges. There's nothing to plug it with. Ink is leaking like crazy out of port. Ideas?
this ink can be used to subliminal
Can this ink work well for PHOTOGRAPH printer like Canon PIXMA MP480 (it need ink tank PG-210xl &amp; CL-211XL) ?
Are those Dye or Pigment, or some Dye some Pigment? Thanks
is it dye or pigment, and does it really matter?
How does it smell?
Does it work on MX452 ink cartridges?
Dye vs. Pigment Black Ink: Has any one tried Pigment based ink on photo paper????
Is that ink for Brother printer only? Can it be used for Canon MX860 printer with CLI-221 and PGI-220 cartridges? Do they have pigment black color?
do anyone used this with Brother MFCJ450DW? and after refilling do i need to change the chip ?
1) Compatible and safe with Brother's MFC J875? 2) In terms of quality, &amp; product life, how is it the ink compared with the Brother's OEM's ink?
can it be used on Kodak cartridges?
so, is this for a kit with everything in the picture, 6 bottles and four needles and syringes, or is it just for the one black bottle?
Do I need to reseal the hole with hot glue? I pierced it with the hand drill, small small hole and I'm sure the ink bubble will dry and seal the hole?
how many cartridge can be field per bottle
hi.. does it work for Brother LC103 ..MFC- 1285DW?? printer won't get bad function??
how to refill
Can this ink be used for hp 61 cartridge
will this work on #61 hp cartridge
How do you clean the syringe, cartridge and your hands or whatever you spill ink on? Also, I watched a video and they say stick needle into cartridge 1 /4". Why then is the needle 5x that long? It looked like they went in 1/2" or more on the video.
Will this work for a HP OfficeJet 6310v? I think it will, but wanted confirmation before ordering. Thanks.
How to reprogram the chip, I have Pixma ip100 and it has a reading chip. If I add ink to it, how to reset chip to detect new refill?
Hi does this work for Kodak series?
will this work for hp 21 cartridges?
Would it work for Epson WorkForce WF-2530
will it work on hp 92
Is this a water based ink?
How many steel balls does the kit come with?
Is it usable with digital recorders? Does it pick up static? That's been a problem with cheaper models.
Can this be plugged into the mic input of a computer and record to a file?
Can this be used in "reverse" mode to play audio from a PC into a telephone for broadcast purposes?
Does it come with the cable to connect it's output to a PC
Can you isolate the audio of the callers. Let's say one caller on the left and the other on the right channel?
Can you isolate the audio of the callers. Let's say one caller on the left and the other on the right channel?
I use a plantronics wireless headset with my office phone. Will this still work if I plug it in through the handset as directed?
Does it work with cordless hand set? Where would you connect this device to the handset?
Can I put a suction cup through the hole in the back to hang the brochure holder outside on a window?
Can this hold items that are exactly 4" wide? Is the 4" measurement including the frame?
Can the business card holder be detached or is it solidly mounted on the brochure holder?
How many rack card holders do i get for the $5.99???
can it hang on the wall?
What is the depth of the actual shelf itself? i.e. how far back before whatever you put on the shelf starts hanging off the back?
What is the difference between the plus and the pro?
Does it come with a sub-tray ?
What is the weight of the stand? In the Description I see 3.5 lbs written, but then 8 ounces in Product Dimensions.
Can you tell me how high I can raise the stand up? Will the laptop go higher than 6 inches? Trying to use it for a standup desk and I am 5'2.
What's the maximum capacity of this stand? would it hold a 10kgs 27" iMac?
does it come with a carrying case?
Would someone be able to provide the dimensions of the single foot? Specifically the height and width?
Loved the comments! Thoughts on using this in a non-DJ application? just me and laptop and sofa and RV
can this stand fit a 17 inch macbookpro?
How many tickets in the roll?
Does it have lines for name and phone number?
How many tickets are on the roll?
If I were to buy multiple rolls, is there any chance that the numbers would overlap?
Are they consecutively numbered?
Do you have these in any other colors?
In the photo, the numbers are printed along the short side of the ticket--is this actually the case, or are the numbers printed on the long side?
Is it blank or is there writing on the back side of the tickets?
can name be printed on other side of ticket
Will it work in conjunction with an obihai 200?
We are an MD's office and phones will be in various rooms; not plugged together. Does distance cause problems?
does this phone play on hold music?
Does this phone work with Verizon Fios?
Where is the power adapter?
Does a wireless head set work with this system?
How do I access call waiting on the X16 system? When I am on a call and I hear the beep, I do not know how to access the other call.
is it a digital phone system
Can this phone work stand-alone with single or two lines? Or is it only to be used in addition to the "system" as an extra phone option?
is this phone required a server?
Can I record a message for Auto Attendant?? For example I would say "For Billing Dial 301, For New Business Dial 302"...and so on.
this just one line system?
Does this phone system work with regular telephone service? Comcast is telling us we need to purchase the "auto-attendant" option?
Can a caller leave a voice message on a particular extension, or is it one master voice mail for all incoming calls?
I need a total of 8 phones, what will I need on top of the bundle ? Add on's ?
does this phone require internet connection to operate 6 lines?
these phone have to be wired into the central box- so I have to string wires down the hall to each office?
Will both the cell phone and office phone ring with the call forwarding feature?
will a polycom analog conference phone work with this system? PLease help / advise. Thanks
If I only have two phone lines can I still have multiple voicemail boxes? ( more than 2 )
Can you forward a voicemail left on one extension to another extension? I can't find a way to do it.
Are these phones hardwired to the central system or wireless. Would we have to pull lines for more Phones?
I need to have outside door phone and electric door unlock capability. Is this possible?
Can you attach cordless phones to this system?
can we set greetings message and voice menu with music?If yes, can it be done in more than 1 language?
It says that this is expandable to 16 phones. Aside from the actual phones, are there additional module/server purchases needed to do this?
Will this work on regular phonelines? We have 4 lines from AT&amp;T
My headsets don't work with the system. What kind of adapter do I need, or should I get a different headset?
Can I buy more phones to add to the system?
Can the voicemails be retrieved remotely (from outside the office)?
If I am on line one, and line two isn't answered, does it go to voice mail?
Is it possible to answer an incoming call live, rather than using the auto attendant?
Can you add wireless headsets to this
Are you able to transfer calls between agents?
Does it light up to show what line is ringing?
Can I plug into Cat5 cable with RJ45 jack? Or do I need to use Cat3 cable and RJ11?
The system is wireless?
To expand from 4phones to 8 or 16, do I need to buy a new router/controller/brain? Love this system
Do those phone system have build in music on hold system already?so if
Do these phones support conference calls?
If the X16 voice server can only connect up to 6 telephones what else do I need to buy in order to connect 2 more?
How far is the range? Although my business is small, it is housed on a large two storey building
Can you add a cordless phone to this system? Can you put your own music on hold on this system? Can you disable the auto attendant??
where can i find the user manual?
Can these phones be used with my existing phone company? I currently have Time Warner Cable Business
do you need phone lines run to every extension / office or will wireless work? Also - how many total extension come with this package
Can the auto attendant be turned off, or programmed to kick in only if live operator does not answer in 3-4 rings?
Does this have intercom?
Can wireless headsets be added for each line?
can phones be used other than through this system, i have offices in 2 locations and need exactly 8 phones
Are these stickers gritty or smooth to the touch.
Is the "Fn" key included?
I am ordering a completely blank keyboard. Will it have all of the letters and numbers and delete, home, page up, page down, etc?
How long does the printing last? If I have to put these on the $50 keyboards at work, will the ink last long enough to be worth the effort?
Are these stickers just the letters? Or are they a black square with the letter printed on them?
What are the dimensions of the letters and of the sticker. Do not want them to over-extend.
I have HP Probook 4530s purchased overseas that I want US keyboard on. Are these the right stickers?
I'm looking for a small "desk" area for my five year old son to put in our kitchen to act as an art/homework station. Would this be sturdy enough?
Is this made of composite wood or solid wood?
Is this item meant for adults or just children?
What would be a suitable chair to match for a 6 year old?
Does the top of the desk have enough room for a printer
Can it be assembled with the storage on the left side rather than on the ritht side? In other words: mirror image.
what are the demensions? Don't see them mentioned.
Is this item meant for adults or just children?
what are the dimensions of the desk. i.e. height, length and width?
the deminsions
When printing is there red for negative or just on display?
does it print receipt
need inker for this product. Please advise..Have on and need refill, but can't seem to find them on Amazon
What are the dimensions? (nothing provided on amazon product description)
Battery or AC power?
Does this come with any thermal paper?
How can I get a copy of the enclosed instructions, preferably an electronic one? I bought one and sent to someone who can't find the instructiohs.
how many stickers come on one roll. should i order extra right away?
Does this come with a free ink roll and a roll of labels?
Do this product has "+tax" at the end of price?
Is it easy to load?
Can I use it for expiration date on a food product?
Will this print dates in the format of MM/DD/YY?
Is this easy to load?
is it easy to load
I want this for labeling dates, not prices. Can it be configured to print dates as MM/DD/YY ?
Ink Clogging on Pinnacle Pro901: Just curious as I'm leaning to buying this printer....if the printer sits for a length of time does the ink clog up the print heads?
Print head error: Has anyone else had this issue?
Lexmark Pinnacle Pro901 and Air Print: Is this printer compatible with Apple's Air Print?
Does this printer work with windows 7?
Printer-only alternatives to Pinnacle Pro901? Any suggestions?
What all-in-0ne printer do you recommend instead of the Pinnacle Pro 901?
I have a new printhead and new ink cartridges in my printer but it still does not print a good picture. I have aligned it cleaned printhead?
Scans/Copies come out with black line down one side and dark gray overall: If anyone knows, is this a failure in the scanner light?
Can Lexmark Pinnacle Pro901 print on cardstock without jamming? Can Lexmark Pinnacle Pro901 print on cardstock without jamming?
Lexmark Pinnacle Pro901 Can it print without color cartridge?
problem with cart.
Confirm that this is a remanufactured cart. All the new ones were made so long ago that when you go to use the seals are cracked and leek ink.
Cart wasn't remanufactured, and when went to use seals are craqcked and leek ink on the paper and can't use. Advise Bruce
does this work for 1320n laserjet printers?
Is this cartridge compatible with an hp 1320 tn?
is this really compatible with hp1160?
up to how many pages can i print?
How do I recycle these cartridges from Inktone Plus?
I purchased this cartridge for my HP Laserjet 1320 and does not fall into place. I am not able to close the printer door. What do I do?
Ss this p/n Q5949x compatible with HP Laserjet 3390? Your pulldown menu does not offer that model. Thx
Hi, I am interested in your toner. By the way, how is Yield for the printer?- How many pages? Thanks
Does this have a spot for addresses? If so how many? Also, how many "note" pages?
What month does this start for 2014? And what month does it end for 2015?
do pens bleed through the pages?
Is there pockets in this planner? (front for back)
Is the cover plastic material or hard?
dimensions of product?
what are the dimensions?
What size is this calendar?
What are the dimensions of this planner?
Does this planner come with stickers to mark vacation days, dentist, payday, school days, etc?
Does this come with a spare key?
Can you tell me how many keys you get?
Can I buy just the shoulder strap for my existing unit?
pe
isthis compatible with the ti-84?
Is this calculator similar to the Nspire CX CAS but with a touch screen? Can one be used in place of the other?
my daughter is taking algebra II is this compatible with the ti 89
Does it solve double and triple integrals? Thanks
It has multi language? Included in Chinese? Thank you
is the full name of this calculator... texas ti-nspire cx cas touchpad colour? I am looking to buy the exact calculator on the student list.
Can this calculator 3d graph like the ti-Nspire CX CAS. Im trying to choose between either buying this one or the ti-Nspire CX CAS
Does it display step-by-step solution? like wolfram alpha?
does it come with the rechargeable battery?
does it work well and can you answer me as soon as possible
do they stick to each other?
do they stick to each other?
How strong is the actual magnet?
What color is the pen and the cover in one picture the top of the pen is gold and the second picture the top of the pen is silver and black?
Is it possible to change out the nib to a finer nib?
Does this pen require a lot of maintenance and is it a good graduation gift?
Where is the pen made of?
What material is the pen itself made of? Not just the nib
Is it made in China?
Am I able to have the pen come in brown, or even just black without the gold?
Hi...i want to order this product for my friend as a birthday gift, i was wondering if it is possible for his name or Initials to be crested on it?
Can you use the ink cardtridges for other non parker pens?
Is the ink waterproof?
is this unit compatible for mac?
How many cards and does it come with, and the power supply and cable for U.S. 110vac?
What comes with the printer? Are software, cable and extras included with the printer? What is the warranty period?
How many planning pages does it have?
Are the majority of the pages planning pages like the one in the picture?? (That is ALL I want; I will be ripping the others out)
Are there any pockets?
are there attendance pages in this planner? if a teacher prefers to take roll manually does this planner have pages for that?
What does the cover say on it?
Does this also have a monthly calendar?
Will it scan several pages into one document?
can i use it to scan books/magazines and move it on a surface ?
Will this device also print?
how is the photograph quality?
Are you able to scan cards easily with this (insurance cards thickness, not business cards)
Does this device work on Windows 8.1?
Does this scan in color?
can you scan checks with this product?
Would this be a good one for just documents (B&amp;W and colored)?
Will it work on a Surface 2?
Is it delivers in the original Swarovski blue box or not ?
Is this the fatter/wider pen or the more slender one?
im confused, it says that this item ships to australia but when i go to check out it says that it won't send???
Refill for this pen: Is one available?
Is this design available in calendar year?
Is it hardcover or softcover?
I need to know the size
Is there a section for addresses / phone numbers?
are there tabs for the beginning of every month?
Is this producet made in the US?
how big is this? I see the dimensions but that doesn't help me. Is it letter size? or smaller?
What are the dimensions for the printer shelf? My printer is a monster and I can't tell from the pictures if it will fit.
What is the OVERALL width and dept of the desk? I'm trying to see will it fit in between both my closets and I only have 62" of width space to spare.
how long does it take to assemble?
What are the dimensions of the actual desktop, not including the printer shelf?
What are the Dimensions of the file drawer?
What is the width of the keyboard pull-out?
What size does the file drawer fit? legal or letter?
is the file drawer with lock and key??
is this fairly easy to assemble?
What is the height of main desk (not the roll-out portion for keyboard) from floor?
where the tower sits what are the measurements?
How wide is the keyboard tray?
Can the elevated CPU rack be installed on the other (left) side? No pre-drilled holes? Or can you flip the glass (same on both sides)? Thanks!
is there instructions to assemble for the expresso frosted glass computer desk
Please how wide is the hole desk
Is the tray wide enough to accommodate a standard size mouse/pad and keyboard?
the width is listed at 46" by a reviewer....is that including the side pocket that looks like a magazine holder? My cubby is 45.5".
What are the dimensions of the printer stand?
The product description claims that the desktop has an eighty-pound weight capacity. Any reason why it wouldn't support a PC tower?
How wide is the computer tray?
what's the exact dimension of the cpu base? how many inches from the cpu base to the keyboard base? from the cpu base to the glass desk?
The picture shows a printer stand. Is that a required part of the framework or is it an optional piece I can remove?
It looks like green glass in the picture, but the description says clear. Is there a green tint to the glass?
The height is 34 inches. What is the exact height of the table to the floor? Not including the shelf.
my cpu is 18.5" high, 20" long, 8.5" wide, is there enough space?
What is the height for the tower stand?
How wide is this desk?
What is the height from the bottom of the keyboard tray to the floor?
How wide is the keyboard tray?
is this calculator allowed on act and sat testing?
Is the product white as shown? Says "packaging may vary."
I like TI...but I don't want overkill. Taking college Algebra now and will take Trig next semester. Is this TI-NspireTM Graphing Calculator over-kill?
Does this calculator work for statistics courses?
Can this calculator solve LIMITS of funtions?
i want to now dimension in centimeters
is this non cad?
how do you put the AAA batteries in
is this the CAS version? i need the non CAS version,but in the manual it says it has CAS (computer algebra system).
Decide...decide? Not a math major, just trying to get through College Algebra can some tell me if this graphing calculator will help me.?
why this phone shows " [ 0 ] " while receive incoming calls.. and not saving any incoming numbers.
Canthis phone work without electric power? Even though the features like readouts do not?
Hello, is this product compatible with the telephone net in The Netherlands; Europe and does it have the normal RJ11 connector?
Is speakerphone full duplex? (mine would miss parts of words)
hello, i would like to buy 20 phone but need to know please come in box many know if the box dimensions and weight would be very useful. thank you
Where is this phone made?
Is this phone wall mountable?
Headset Jack?
what is the warranty on this phone? I bought it in December 2011 and it has not been working properly for at least 5 months
Does it work, I mean the chip, in Latin America?
I want to know if this cartridge works with SCX-3200 Multifunction Printer?
Did anyone have problem with smearing? I've used it without problems until today, but it started to smear when printing. The supply level is 65%
Will it work with Samsung ML-1670 series printer
Is this a genuine Samsung toner or an after market refill that comes with a chip?
Does this work with Samsung ML-1660 ?
are the arms removable?
Does the chair have lumbar support?
are the arms retractable i.e. (back/forth) and (inside/outside) and do they pivot? Does the chair tilt lock? does the seat adjustable back/forth?
What is the adjustable range of height from floor to top of the seat. Most normal chairs are 19-21. I need 22.
When the chair is at its lowest seating position, how many inches is it from the seat to the floor?
What is the weight capacity?
Can I lean back the whole chair (seat and back) and lock it into the position I want? Sometimes I like to be in a relaxed, slouched position.
is the chair casual moderate or intense use
Did anybody ever sit-test the Tempur-Pedic chairs &amp; if so, how does the padding on this chair compare to those? I'm searching for support &amp; cushion!
What is the highest the retractable arms and seat can go from the floor?
It translates Chinese, but is it mandarin or cantonese ?
i have a chines exchange student that needs a translator for english
does this translator have games on it
does this dictionary translator record English to Chinese? for instance if I'm at school and I don't UNDERSTAND ENGLISHSPEAKER CAN THIS BE TRANSLATED
Can this dictionary download the latest dictionary from the Internet?
If you say a phrase, will the chinese and english text be displayed?
where do you go online to get the instructions
So I need to purchase a sparate power source to run this?
What type of external power supply could I buy to use this? Anyone know what type of power cord I could buy to use?
How well will it work with a laptop that has the vent on the center back?
Can you use this on a bed or on the couch?
18x Alienware 18 x 12.9 x 2.3-inch Will it Fit?I know officially it lists a generic 17 but I fit my 18x on 17 inch stations before.
Is it durable enough to stay on all the time? And is it quiet?
What is the maximum height this adjusts to?
Anyone use this with dell XPS 15z?
This is probably a stupid question but I don't have the manual with me; how do you actually turn the fan on?
Hi, does it work with windows 8??
do these bleed inkjet ink when wet (rain)?
and these work on a laser printer?
I ship through Etsy. Will these work with with the standard settings or will the alignment be off?
Is the back of the labels white or another color? I cut them in half and it is so much easier if the back is another color. I've had yellow before.
Are these perforated in the middle?
is this 200 Lables (100 pages) or 200 pages (400 labels)?
How well do these labels stick to poly mailer envelope bags without using additional tape?
How do you print both half pages for label? eBay/USPS label always has instructions on the other side, but I don't want the half side to be wasted?
Does this work with the LeapReader? It says it does on the description but states only Tag on the box?
Please, what do I need to buy besides the Tag pen so that this map system will work?
What are this map's dimensions?
Does the pen from the LeapFrog LeapReader Reading and Writing System, Green works with the map as well?
Will this map work with the first generation Tag pen/system that was purchased 4-5 years ago?
we have the leapreader which I believe was released in 2013, not the tag pen, would it work with our leapreader?
what must i purchase in order for the map to work?
Does this fold into thirds or quadrants?
What is this made of? Cloth,..cardboard? Is it wipeable???
Does this work with the tag junior?
Does the set comes in a box?
do the cross refills work
Is ink and graphite included?
The description says this cart is 33.5" wide. Does that include the splaying handles? What is the width of the shelves?
How well do the wheels function? Are they sturdy &amp; have reliable control when pushing cart from place to place?
what is the distance between the top and middle shelf
what is the width of the shelves...not counting the handles?
Are the wheels made of rubber or plastic?
Is the middle shelf adjustable?
weight capacity ?
What are the inside (usable) dimensions of the top shelf?
Are the TWO containers attached at the ends in th picture INCLUDED with this purchase??
What Color is this Cart?
Can this laminate cardstock well, or is that to thick of a paper for the machine?
How many pouches are included in box? Box states "2" but the product description states "20."
If you laminated something and then cut it will it make a bubble and come apart?
Will this laminator run the luggage tags through??
I am wondering how well this seals? I need to laminate photos then put them in water. How well will this work for my project?
just bought the scotch laminator that work perfectly, I still have some laminating plastics from old heatseal GBC laminator can I use them on this
Does anyone have experience with fade protection with the finished lamination? Or a recommendation on a UV lam pouch which will work with the machine?
Does the used one from Amazon come with the pouches?
Will this laminator do a lamination over a lamination? (i.e. Will it run a 3mil card stock inside a 5mil pouch, thru the machine and come out ok?
I want to laminate playing cards I made. If I were to leave a space in between the cards, will it seal all 4 sides on all cards?
expandable?
Are the batteries individual or a special battery pack? Thanks!
Do all of the cordless handsets have headset jacks?
Where is the speaker located on cordless handset?
Where is the speaker located on cordless handset?
is this phone wall mountable
Do the handsets have intercom capability between each other?
What is the range of the expandable phones?
Is the battery a lithium ion?
Does this phone set come with batteries?? Thanks
Does this work for the Cross Dubai fountain pen also?
Will this work in a Cross fountain stratford pen?
Does it work for a CROSS CHROME FOUNTAIN PEN 3506
does this work with a rotring fountain pen?
So, I have the cheaper "Bailey" model - will this work with it?
will it fit in a Dragonpad Fountain Pen Fine Nib or a Jinhao 450
how to install it?
Does it fit the cross classic century fountain pen?
What are the dimensions and also, are the monthly calendars all in the front or does each specific monthly pages precede the weekly pages? Thanks!
how many pages of plain notes are in this book? Are they in between each week?
will felt tip pens bleed thru the paper?
what is the size?
Looking for exact coil ratio: number of could per inch. Thank you.
I purchased another Grace Planner (teal color with fish) for 2015. There are not Notes pages between each weekly page. Does this Branches Birds version still NOTES between each week in 2015?
One of the reviews said that this planner has only six months of 2015. Is this true?
Does this planner have a plastic cover/back?
can this cartridgebe used with the HP deskjet 1000 printer
How long before ink in its sealed package starts to " dry-up " ?
how many cartridge are in package?
what does original mean?
will this fit a 1512 printer
Does this work on a HP Officejet 4630e-All-in-One series?
Will this cartridge fit the HP Deskjet 1513?
can this cartridge be used with a hp photosmart plus b209a printer
does this work on HP Envy 4502?
HP 61 (CH562WN) -can i use in my hp 4635
Is this the most expensive liquid on the planet?
Will this work with HP Deskjet 1051
My Officejet 4630 series is running low on black ink. Which am I to buy: HP 61 ink for $14.22 or HP 61XL for $35.49?
What type of warning will I receive that the ink cartridge is low in ink and needs to be replaced soon on an HP 1010 Deskjet printer?
why do my cartridges show half full but won't print
Can the HP 3054A operate with only the black cartridge. I print mainly in b&amp;w,and don't want to replace the color cartridge.
cartridges #245 &amp;246 for Canon Pixma MG2520
Why do I run out of ink so fast? I have used two cartridges of black ink and and have printed 64 double sided pages plus 34 single sided pages.
Will this work with the HP officejet 4630 wireless All-in-one Inkjet printer?
which black cartridge for HP 6500A
is the base wall mountable?
do these have a headset jack?
Does anyone have a definitive answer on how difficult turning the answer machine is to turn on and off to use your voice mail?
Can you turn off the answering machine
Do the other 2 phones require a line cord and jack or just the main one?
Do you have to enter your phone book info separately on all 3 phones during initial set up, or just the base station?
I bought these April 2012, but lost my User's Manual in English!! Ugh!! How can I get another one ASAP??? HELP!!
Does the cordless handset have a jack for headphones?
does base unit and cordelss remote have speakerphone?
Can I forward calls from the landline to my cell phone
How do I pair desktop phone to my cell phone?
Do you have to plug the Wall unit into an electrical socket?
How to choose the expandable handsets? Which model of the handsets?
What is the cordless phone range distance?
Can this unit be paired with a BlueTooth headset? Everything I'm reading looks like it should but wanted to see if any owners of this unit know
where can i buy a 2nd cordless handset?
Is the phone base wall mountable? And are the numbers on base &amp; cordless illuminated?
can the 70 numbers stored in memory be different in each handset??
owner:s manual for DECT3380-3r
Will this phone system BEEP when a message is stored ?
Digital Answering System DECT3380-3R, will this phone do conferencing?
What is the range on this? I want to use it in my in-law unit that is approximately 300 feet away from the base, and has to go through 2 brick walls?
This is pulse or tone phone?
what's the exact maximum size it can scan? this seems to be missing from most scanner descriptions on this site
how is the quality for B+W 11x14 photographs?
Does this scanner scan negatives?
I want to scan a3 plans - does scanning affect the scale
does Mustek 2400s work with Maverick? Where to find that driver?
works for sublimation?
Can i use sublimation ink in it???
Does the printer have built in profiles for papers other than HP? Is HP ink mandatory or are there options to have it refilled locally?
about what kind of fabric you can print?
does this print on vinyl? where can i get replacement toner??/
is the hp z5200 a solvent or eco solvent printer
is there a refillable ink system for the HP Z5200?
What exactly comes in the box?
Approximately how much ink is included?
What comes with this printer? Should I purchase additional ink right away?
Is there a lip around the edges to contain what is in the cart?
Are the shelves really 33" in length? My shelves were barely 26" in length. Is the description wrong or did I get a wrong product from Amazon?
what are the trays made of
What is the height of each shelf when measured from the floor?
Are the wheels large enough to carry a load over carpet?
What's the height of the cart, from the bottom of the wheels to the top of the first shelf?
do the handles on top come off or are they a permanent attachment?
What is the weight capacity?
what's LxWxH for this product, I saw 2 different mention from WEB, H/29.92" X L/17.32" X D/8.66", is it correct?
Do the trays have ridges, or are they flat and smooth?
is this scanner able to be hooked up to two different pc users. That way you can scan from two different pcs?
can you do books?
is this scanner able to be hooked up to two different pc users. That way you can scan from two different pcs?
This might be a dumb question. But buying this for a gift. Does it come in a nice case/box?
Converter? Presumably this pen comes with whatever converter is necessary included?
Hi all. Which cartridges would you advise to use with the Invincia Stealth ? Thanks.
does this also come with bottle ink, bottle ink is easy for my friend to get ahold of where he is
What are the dimensions of the seat v. the base?
What is the over-hang dimension of the top of the stool over the legs and supporting frame?
Does this stool have levelers on the bottom of the legs?
Can I hear a sample question?
How long does it take to play Brain Quest Smart?
How different are brain quest and brain quest smart? Are they totally different?
Is there an expansion set of cards available for this game
Can a first grad girl play this by herself. If yes, does one game work for second grade?
Can a first grad girl play this by herself. If yes, does one game work for second grade?
what age is this for
Is this game totally different from brain quest game?
How far apart are the 3 rings?
Is this 12" long for my checks with receipts?
Is the size of this binder 11.5x9 when closed or open. I have checks with 9 holes measuring 10.5x8.25
How heavy is this binder
I have 3 checks on a page but on the left side it has the Check# and all the info which is about 4". So is the binder 12" long?
Does it fit any size check
Is this 12" wide?
Does it add the hours?
How do you get more time cards?
does it do regular time? not military time!!
does it do regular time, do not want if it does only military time.
In looking for time cards, is the pyramid 2400 cards compatible with the AT 2400 Time Recorder? I don't see anything here that is an exact match. Thx
If the employee clocks in at 3:07pm, will it show 3:07pm or will it round up or down to 3:00pm or 4:00pm?
Does it print in hundreths of an hour? ex. 2:15pm would print 1425
I need directions to work this time clock
The time on my clock is stuck on A.M how do i get it to change?
Sometimes the card isn't lined up with the right day it seems like it doesn't pull it in right away. Any suggestions on how to adjust the time clock?
Would this refill kit work for HP Photosmart D110 series printer?
will this work on hp photosmart c4680, (it's 60xl on the label of the ink tub)?
I am doing t shirt transfer paper printing. Will this fade or chage color over time ?
Will it work for HP Photosmart C4870?
will this work for HP Officejet 4630?
will this work for the envy 4500n (uses 61 cartridges)
will it work with officejet J3680?
Can you use this on the Office Jet 4500 printer (uses a 901 cartridge)?
Does this product come with the syringes?
c4600
Can the L-shaped desk and hutch area be separated and used as separate units?
How tall is the desk with hutch?
what are the dimensions for each piece, it is not clear in this ad?
1) Description doesn't say if 31 inches is height or width? 2) is it a REAL DARK gray, like nearly black - or lighter? 3) do wheels lock? Thanks!
I understand that behind the big door there are two shelves, not a file cabinet. Can the center shelf be removed, and area used for file cabinet!
Does this have the same material in the back as it does the sides, front, and top(under the glass)? Im NOT looking for a cardboard backing
Does this hold regular size hanging files (8.5x11)?
Is this Cabinet the same color with matching handles as the TECHNI MOBILI Seguro Mobile 2 Drawer File Pedestal in Graphite?
did anyone else find they had to either remove or hammer in the wooden dowels that are sticking out of some of the pieces?
how high is the cabinet without the glass top? looking for something to fit under a desk.
Is there a recommended weight limit for the top of this cabinet?
1) Description doesn't say if 31 inches is height or width? 2) is it a REAL DARK gray, like nearly black - or lighter? 3) do wheels lock? Thanks!
I understand that behind the big door there are two shelves, not a file cabinet. Can the center shelf be removed, and area used for file cabinet!
Does this have the same material in the back as it does the sides, front, and top(under the glass)? Im NOT looking for a cardboard backing
Does this hold regular size hanging files (8.5x11)?
Is this Cabinet the same color with matching handles as the TECHNI MOBILI Seguro Mobile 2 Drawer File Pedestal in Graphite?
did anyone else find they had to either remove or hammer in the wooden dowels that are sticking out of some of the pieces?
how high is the cabinet without the glass top? looking for something to fit under a desk.
Is there a recommended weight limit for the top of this cabinet?
Several recent comments say that the color cartridges in this set are 99 [regular capacity], not 98 [high capacity]. Please check &amp; advise. Thanks.
Description &amp; pic clearly show all are 98 (high capacity) . Many customers report receiving only low-capacity '99' inks except black. Which is it?
Are these original or remanufactured?
Does it work with Artisan 837?
Are all the ink cartridges the high capacity 98s and not just the black as some folks indicated here in 2011!
Do these cartridges work in an Epson 835?
Till how much distance between USB receiver and pointer does it work smooth?
Will it work with SmartBoards?
Could I somehow keep the laser in on position? would taping work?
I just bought a windows 8 computer, will it work and if not are refunds issued?
a) What is the color of laser point? b) Does this product work with Windows 8? Thank you!
Can this be used with other operations? such as MS word, MS excel, abode reader, etc?
Does this come with usb and power cables and ink cartridges? Thanks
Why are you selling this printer for $250.00? I purchased this exact model several years ago from Staples for $69.99. And no, it was not on sale.
does this scan to a word document for editing
I lost the disk and can't download the printer is there another model number on the HP list.
lazer jet?
noise?
What is the condition of this printer and does it take #60 tri color and #60 black ink cartridges?
print from multiple computers? Will this printer print from multiple printers on the network?
HELP! Does this printer work on mac?
will this printer work from a wireless signal from my iphone4?
Do you have the Chatannoga E2 Hydrocolator in 220V electrical
What is the size (dimensions)
Does it have a shut off for low water level to protect the heating element?
does it flatten the film to remove film curl
How is the scanner on black and white negatives?
Can this machine scan the negative?
I have this scanner, but highest resolution it allows is 600dpi on photo's and 4800dpi on film. How do you get 9600dpi resolution with this?
Can I scan a legal size page
MAc? Will this work with my MacBook Pro?
It says it is compatible with Mac OSX 10.6 but I have OSX 10.8.2. Will it work?
Will it scan the old 2 x 2 sized slides with the 1/4 " cardboard frames on all 4 sides?
is this scanner mac os x 10.8 mountain lion compatible
Compatibility: Is it compatible with Windows 7, 64 bit?
Does it comes with CD to install drivers?
hi does it has the autocutter feature?
Does this model come with the NIC/ethernet card?
Can it work as a standalone printer in my store (not connected to anything but power and internet) and to access it from my home and tell it to print?
Does this have a built in print server meaning more than one computer can connect to it at a time?
Did it really come with the Ethernet interface ?
Is this model compatable with TM-T88111?
This model is fully compatible with its predecessor, the epson tmt88 IV
is this wireless? i need to print receipt from kitchen
does this model have a connection to a cash drawer as well? And do we need to purchase the connection cables separately?
Does it come with the USB cable or is it necessary to purchase it separately?
Does it come with RJ11 or RJ12? Will it work with a RJ11 cash drawer?
Is this printer compatable with micros POS?
can this be used to print doble paper (original and copy), so to keep one and give out the second one.
Once its hooked up to the computer, does it records how many tickets were printed ?
is this printer email enabled?
Does this printer have a parallel interface? and does it come with the power supply?
is this RS232?
is this printer with serial port?
Can it take 3 1/4" Paper?
IS THIS CANON BRAND?
Is this fx3 cartridge in unopened original oem box? not refurbished?
You say "Brand New Original (OEM) Item". That means it comes in the original Canon box. What is the expiration date on the box?
Hi. What is the expiration date on this cartridge?
what is the difference between 126 and 127?
Are the 127 color ink cartariges the same size as the 126? I have a WF-3540 and I would prefer the 127 but not sure it will fit in my printer.
i have epson nx430. what ink do i use
Why does it state the 127 ink won't work with the Epson WorkForce WF 3530?
Do these cartridges work in the WF-3620?
What is the expiration date on these inks?
What's the warranty as most people buy these in advance?
Will the 126 cartridge work in a NX625 printer?
Are cartridges 125 and 126 interchangeable?
how many pages can I print with black ink?
does this work in epson stylusnx230
does this work in stylus nx430
Does this work in the Epson nx420?
does the cartridge work in an epson workforce 325
do the 126 and 127 both fit Epson Model NX430?
I am trying to get an engraved gavel. They all say they are but when I try to buy it, it says the engraving is not available??
what is the total time with engraving to receive item? are there any restrictions with the 4 lines of engraving?
Can I get the gavel to come engraved?
Does this gavel come with a gift box?
What is the band? Is it brass? is it metal? plastic? thanks.
Does it come with a block?
Will this fit the newest scanner
Does it have wifi?
does it scan pictures
Does this case fit the PS410 600DP Color Scanner? If not is their a case that does fit it?
I have a View a VuPoint ST415 scanner. Will it fit into this case?
Will this fit Vupoint Solutions Magic Wand Portable Scanner (PDSWF-ST44PU-VP) with WiFi? Thanks.
Will this case fit the Vu Point PDSWF-st47-vp SCANNER?
what is the quality of scan?
how long and wide is it?
will the new model 470 scanner fit in this case?
How many magnets are there? Where on board is it located (i.e. top middle, each corner etc)? How big is the magnet?
Can you mount these to a wall?
WIll small magnets stick to it as well?
Can I use this to stick on my wall (which is not magnetic ;) )
would a small magnetic note pad stick ok
Help!! I wont to print a Hello kitty and glue it to a Canvas w/mod podge. I need to know if you can think of any problems I will ran a cross? I feel that water proof, printable vinyl is the way to go, also is this clear or white?
I would like to print multiple 1" x 1" QR codes on a sheet then cut the sheet up to post each code. Will the adhesive make this difficult?
I am looking for a window cling type for my inkjet printer. Will these work on car windows? Are they self adhesive?
What is the thickness of the material? Is it suitable to be used on a vinyl plotter?
can you use this for making warning labels 4x4 size and how good will it hold to metal
Are these removable? If not, do you sell removable vinyl?
Can I use this material in my laser printer to make nail decals for my acrylic fingernails? Thanks!
Help, tried the settings for label, cover stock, card stock and even heavy card stock. Toner still coming off. Any suggestions?
I have a cutting machine &amp; would like to print &amp; cut using this. I would be placing it on is a glass cutting board (back) How will it do after wash?
I am uncertain what the horizontal slit in liner means - is it just that the backing has a slit for easy removal of the sticker?
Anyone using it with Windows 8?
What case fits this scanner? The one listed under "what people bought" is only 11" and this scanner is 12".
Can you scan more than one page into a single document?
can it be used with an ipad?
The OCR software came on a mini disc &amp; I can't find an adapter so I can put it on laptop. Amazon doesn't even sell them. Where can I get one?
Is this compatible with windows 8
Can it scan small things, like business cards? Things that are smaller than an 8.5 by 11 in paper?
How well does the OCR software work?
Does this come with the SD memory card included??
What do you get with this product?
Does this gun come with ink already installed? Or do I have to purchase ink when buying?
Can I date things with this gun . such as 12/24 (just the month and day with a slash in between)
DOES IT PRINT LETTERS?
How big is the price tag?
What is the capacity? For example, Brother's cartridge says it'll print 2600 sheets at 5% coverage.
Hi in the heading for this toner it says its compatible with mfc 7340 but in the product description the mfc 7340 was not included?
How do you install it?
I installed this cartridge in my HL-2170W and it makes a clunking noise and print quality is faded for about a two inch strip on pages. Suggestions?
does it support 2170w? Some review says it has problem with 2170w.
I bought this cartridge had no problem installint it. Toke off the yellow protector over the drum but the toner light comes on again?
Why this cartridge is much smaller than the original HL-2140 one? Is this normal? My initial try does not fit? Should I do anything befor inserting?
Will this toner cartridge work with my Brother HL-2140 printer?
Does it fit Brother HL-H2300D printer?
I purchased this toner , I am not satisfied what so ever, nothing prints out, I have changed all my settings, still prints blank page, any suggestions
I ordered 2 of these, neither came with ink, it's just an empty housing, what specific refill cartridge do I need for blue ink, medium???
What makes this a 40$ pen?
Do it with the box, I want to give my friend as the gift? Do I to buy the refill for this pen?
will this fit a 5th refill?
Does this multi-pack have individual cartridges, or is it one cartridge that plugs into all 3 colors?
what printers do they work in?
I received this box of ink cartridges on 5/4/13. The 'Best Before' date is C13T127520. How does this translate to English?
will this work in the epson wf 3520?
does it work with workforce 840
What is the expiration date on the package for the ink cartridge?
I have a workforce 435 it is not listed will 127s work?
Are there three cartridges (one of each color) or six in this pack? I
I purchased these in August, have hardly used my printed and it already says inks are running low? Never had this problem before.
Are the extra high capacity cartridges "fatter" than the high capacity ones? I.e., is there a possibility of the extra high capacity not fitting?
Is the size of the XL cartridge larger then the standard cartridge? I am concerned about it fitting in my printer.
Any idea on how many pages one can print before the need to replace? I understand that there are many factors - but want to get a general idea - somewhere I saw references to ~300 pages. Wanted to know how true this is
ink to epson xp 201
epson 200 xl
What quantity (weight or volume) of ink is in an Epson 127 cartridge black compared to the Epson 126 cartridge? How much ink is in each one?
What is the expiration date of this ink cartridge?
how much is shipping
does it fit in workforce 520?
WHAT IS THE EXPIRATION DATE FOR THIS CARTRIDGE?
What's the self-life of a cartridge? How long can I keep an extra on hand before it dries out?
Compatible with Epson 410?
does this work with wf 3540
how many in the pack?
how do I obtain an ink cartridge 220 for epson wf 2650
Is this ink the same or similar to the "high-intensity ChromaLife 100" ink in the OEM cartridges?
My MX860 isn't recognizing these cartridges - hence no printing. Is there a trick to getting the printer to see them?
Do these have the chip with each cartridge?
My black cartridge is 220 PGBK i have canon pixma MP620B. Will the 220 PGIBK work in my printer?
looking for ink epson stylus 305
Hi, do have compatable ink for the Canon Pixma MG3122 ? I use yours for the 560 and your ink is great. Thanks, Bob
What is the actual range on the cordless handsets? I have a barn about 1000 feet from my house and do not want to trench across my property
Is this means that unit comes with 5 cordless handsets?
What is the diffrance bitween AT&amp;T SB67138 abd SB67158?
Can i use either one of the cordless to place calls from either lines? I am trying to find out if i can use this system to work as a PBX.
Does this system have individual voice mail boxes for each extension?
If there is a power outage does the main handset still work?
If one line is busy, will the next free line ring?
Can you transfer a call from one handset to another, or at least the Main desk phone to a handset?
Can you play live music on hold.
Does this system have a button on the base unit that will intercom all handsets at once as well as one at a time?
How tall is the cart without the casters?
What are the dimensions of the individual drawers ?
If it's placed against a wall do the drawers stay in place better?Are the wheels removeable?
The description says "locking". Can you actually lock the drawer?
Is TN350 compatible with laser printer Brother HL2040
Is this compatible with Intellifax 2820 - And is this black toner?
Can you tell me what country this product is manufactured?
Does this work on Brother MFC-7220?
Does this work with Brother Brother HL 2040 Laser Printer
Is the bottom larger drawer big enough to hold file folders? Or does it have the proper hardware to?
Out of what material is the desk made? Is it wood or metal?
is the l shape reverisble? i need the long part on the right
Is it possible to take the keyboard tray off?
Does this have to be assembled in the "L" configuration or can the "keyboard" side be attached to the end of the "drawer" side making a long 100" desk
What are the dimensions of this item?
Does Aero Lite office line have MSDS (material Safety Data Sheet) that is a certification of no poisionos gas releasing compounds having been used.
Is the back of the desk finished wood like the front side?
Does the keyboard tray have enough room for a mouse and mouse pad?
Does the printer allow you to print 2x3 photobooth prints?
Installed the printer and everything checks out but I get error=128 message - Printer Offline. Does anyone have an idea how to fix this problem?
is it wireless?
How fast does it print a 4x6 picture?
does it print 4x6 and 5x7 pictures
whats in the box? the battery is included?
How many pages is there in the journal?
Is it refillable?
Is it lined paper or graph paper? Thanks
Has there been any alterations to the way the books are manufactured since last Winter?
is the paper inside lined?
storage pocket
What is the size of the journal? I'm looking for one to keep meeting minutes in. Previous Journals were somewhere around 8" wide by 15" high, around 200 pages per journal, lined on both sides. This is for an association which has been keeping minutes...
What size is the notebook
compare to moleskine
Is it graph paper?
Dimensions? I see that is is about a half inch thick. What is the width and height?
daily planner
Will it lie flat on it's own?
Is the paper thick enough for fountain pens?
does this one allow paper refills?
how many pages?
About how many pages per book?
Does this have acid-free paper?
What are the measurements of each piece of the "L"? I see overall dimensions but need to know from the corner how long each side is. Thanks
Could this be set up as one long table, rather than in the L-shape?
What is the length and width of the keyboard tray?
Do you have to put the keyboard tray on?
If i put the desk in a corner how far does it extend from each wall?
In the picture, the legs look white. Are they white or silver/chrome?
does the keyboard tray have to go on the smaller side?
Is it possible to use the two desks without the corner unit?
can i put this desk the other way? The long side on the left and the short side on the right?
Is there any way I could have a PDF of the instruction booklet sent to my email?
Is it erasable?
Where is it made?
does react to alcohol
Can I choose the color of the clip on the one I buy?
How do I refill the leads? I moved the "refill" indicator to align with the mark over the desired color but then what? How do I insert the new lead?
I loved my recently purchased Pente Arts 8 color pencil, but after little use it has jammed. Where are instructions on how it works to fix it?
Does this chair have locking casters? Answer - I contacted the vendor. This chair does not have locking casters. Posting this here to assist others who might have the same question.
Is the foot rest adjustable?
does the seat bottom mount have provisions for arm rests to be added?
Is the back adjustable and, if so, in what ways? Also, does anyone know how this compares to DC2990?
What is the weight limit for the chair? Thanks.
Has anyone tried using this with a Cisco phone? Is the Jack 4P4C handset plug (also popularly, though incorrectly, called "RJ9", "RJ10) or is it RJ 11
Can this be used to OUTPUT computer audio to the phone? For example, to play a recording to a caller?
Can this decvice be installed on the line between the wall and the phone, instead of between the phone and the handset?
does it work with HP Elitebook which only has 3 in 1 plug in single port ( headset/mic/linein)?
I'm confused does it record to the computer using software that comes with the device?
Do you ship to the Philippines? If yes, how long does it normally take to get it here? How much would the shipping cost be?
What are the dimensions of this item?
Does it weight to three or two decimal places?
Is this compatible with a MAC?
Does this come with an AC adapter, or must that be purchased separately?
where is it manufactured?
Is this product blue or black?
Is it possible to turn off the lock function? It's very annoying when I'm trying to use the scale for cooking.
is thisa network printer and eithernet connection and supports 7 or 8 windows
Is this black and white or color?
How many envelopes can you stack on the printer to print at one time...is there an attachment to stack more envelopes?
We print many envelopes...is there any trouble printing envelopes
can it print 11 x 17 from manual feed tray?
does this printer come with a usb cable
does this come with toner, if so which one?
what type ink ?
Can this printer do multiple print jobs at one time? Can it be networked? I have 7 or more computers that it would be used with. All Window's 7
is the black ink cartride necessary to function properly.I boughtthe epson 124
Can the unit scan or copy legal sized paper 8.5 by 14?
Is the paper loaded in a tray or from the back??
compatibility with windows 7?
What's in the Box: What's in the Box * Stylus NX420 All-in-One * Instruction booklets * CD-ROM with drivers * Power cord * 4 DURABrite Ultra Ink cartridges (one 125 Standard-capacity Black ink cartridge and three 125 Standard-capacity color ink...
Does the printer come with a USB cord??
What are the dimensions of the weighing platform when it is flat--for weighing large items?
who travel worthy is this scale
does this scale weigh grams as well as ounces?
Does the Voyager include a wall charger for the rechargeable battery.
Is the GoBible Voyager avaible in black or is white the only color
Is it Alexander Scorby (?) speaking on it?
Why does it say King James Version(2011)? what does this mean?
does the writen text show on the screen and scroll/change with the spoken text?
How big is the map?
When you scratch different countries off, is each one a different color?
Can this map be dry mounted? I would like to have it framed but the framer was worried that the heat process might damage the scratch off? Thanks
Does this map include smaller islands (like the Caribbean)?
What is the best way to scratch the map? I have the gold version and used coins and they didn't work, actually damaged the paper. Advice please!
Would this be good for a 14-year-old boy?
Has anyone managed to find a frame big enough to fit this map? If so, where from!?
can you scratch the individual states within the US?
does the us show all the states
What tool is easiest to scratch with? Coins seem to take a long time.
Is there a way to use separate keyboard &amp; mouse along w/ laptop, &amp; have the keyboard lower than top? (disabiltiy issues)
Hi. This desk is labeled as 31 inches high. I assume this is with the wheels. Is this correct? Thank you
Can this be built without the two bottom shelves, or are they needed for stability?
How wide and deep is the drawer?
can one sit down and use this desk or is it for standing onlly
is the bottom shelf wide/big enough to hold a 3 n 1 printer.....(they are a little bigger than usual printers)
Will this hold a monitor stand via clamp on the back of the top most shelf?
Is there room on the top shelf where the laptop sits to also have a 27" external monitor and a mouse? Thx.
With a 6lb screen on top and a 3.5lb laptop on the second shelf, would this be sturdy enough to lift and carry by the top shelf? Thanks
Is there room for a mouse on the desktop?
I ordered this but received the Star TSP100 instead. Are they the same?
Does this link to Square Register Wirelessly or via Usb Hub provided with Square Register?
Is this the putty color showing or the dark gray...? Im looking for the dark gray almost black color.
Can I use this with my Ipad Square?
You might want to update the product description, as it for the sp700 and not the tsp143iiu
does it using ribbon for color?
The product description list one of the interfaces as ios bluetooth. does this mean i can print from a ipad air via bluetooth cnnection
can use the printer with a ipad air using bluetooth for my connection?
Is this a TSP100 or SP700? Your description says SP700 but the picture shows TSP100
What are the pros and cons of the USB star printer versus the bluetooth printer? I am looking to use this with Square Stand.
Hi, can I just pick up the handle and talk? Or need to press a button first?
can I buy extra handsets
what are the replacement batteries
will this work in stylus nx 300?
this work in epson xp 201?
Will this work in an Epson stylus CX9400fax pritnter
what you mean by, Re-install after refill to reset the ink level.
I have an Epson Workforce 520, I wonder will these work for my printer?
I have got Epson workforce 520, will this work with my printer?
do you sell the replacement ink?.....if not what do you recomend thank you
is there a warranty on these signs?
do the lights flash
who makes this?
Can the sign be seen through tinted glass?
can this sign be used outdoors?
Can this be installed in a regular outside outlet? Not a plugin but attached so when I turn light on in the building sign will come on?
can bulbs be replaced when burned out?
Does the sign have a pull chain that can be used to turn the sign on/off? I need to hang the sign around 10 ft high and having a pull chain in require
how big its the sign?
How long is the power cord?
does this work with sensa x400 capless rollerballs?
Do they fit a Tiffany Pen: 1837?
do these fit the Sensa Cloud 9?
I just opened my toner and on cartridge make strikes across the page and the other cartridge make gray copies. Any suggestions on how to fix this prob
approximately how many pages will each toner print?
It takes me a long time to go through a toner. what is the shelf life? Will a second one will work as well if it just sits there for a year?
How many toner cartridges do I get for the $17.00?
Where do I take/mail used cartridges for recycle?
Do these toners fit the Brother HL-2140? Thank you!!!
How many copies with high yield version?
Is this compatible with Brother ModelMFC 7840W?
can you print letters with this item, or only numbers?
Does this gun print 2 lines of 8 digits per line?
How do I get a new ink roller?
does this product require paper rolls?
does it come with labels and ink?
which sizes of labels can i use with this gun?
how many digits per line?
Are there $ dollar signs on both lines, or only on one line? Thank you
How do you reload labels?
Does it print letters in addition to numbers?
What is the size of the text?
can I use it with custom printed labels, assuming the correct size?
does this print dates? looking for dates instead of pricing
Hello. I have finish all the sticker roll for this item and would like to order replacement one. Can someone please advise on what size and model?
does this come with labels?
Are the tags easily removed? I will be putting the labels on notebooks and need them to come off without leaving residue behind.
Will the labels work on frozen/cold packaging?
My product code will be CJM1 and the date can this gun do this? And if so is it one or two lines? Where can i get other stickers?
Which labels go with garvey 22-6 pricing gun? Adhesive back.
can anyone explain how to reload the labels? the instructions that came with it are useless
Is this made in China or USA? I am looking for one that is made in USA.
I just bought this gun. I inserted standard size barbs (1/2 inch) but the needle is not pushing them through. I am not sure what I am doing wrong.
Can you use these to fasten shank style buttons?
Does this come with barbs?
where can i buy an extra needle for the gun?
What Fasteners (Garvey product #) fits this gun?
How do I put the needle back in the gun to continue tagging?
does it come with barbs
Can I use the Store Supply Warehouse Tagging Fasteners with this swift gun? Thanks.
Does this come with a needle and barbs?
Is this an airprint printer? Will this work with ipad or iphone without any cables?
what size/type of receipt paper is recommended?
I have Pay Pal Here and using this on Android phone. How do I get signal from phone to printer. I thought this had USB connection but it doesn't.
Can I connect this printer to multiple cash drawers? For example, I want to run 2 POS stations with one receipt printer
How do you like using the Square POS system in general? Have you had problems with it? We are hesitating because of poor customer svc reputation.
does the printer have a port for the cash register?
Does the TSP143L need a power outlet? How about the TSP 650? Trying to find out which one (if any) I can use "on the road" if I don't have power.
So if the printer is connected to a router, whether or not there is internet connected to the router, this printer can be used?
Is this model tsp143lan? i do not see this part number on the star micronics site--only white and gray.
What is the size dimension of the package once shipped? Thanks.
is the black adjustment knob on pole removable?
Does anyone use this in a light tent? If so, what size?
Would this stand work for a Nikon 1 J3 with lens? Thanks
Do I need a special separate service other than my present monthly cell service? THANK YOU ALL&gt; I have plenty of answers. No need to answer anymore. Got it. Thanks..
Does this device work with pulse dialing phones?
Is the SIM slot locked on this device?
Can i use a prepaid SIM with this?
Can I also use my Fax Machine with this..........besides my phone?
What is the firmware version?
Is this unit unlocked? Can be used with any GSM carrier? Thanks!
Was the sim card included in the packing because I did not recieve one?
Good, could be used with another SIM card from another operator outside the country
Will this resetter work on a Canon Pixma MG5420? (Canon ink numbers 250 and 251.)
Anyone happen to get a B200 error on your printer weeks after using this?
do you have to use this when you refill your own ink cart.?
can this be used to all the color of the cartridges? not only to one color? ty.
doesn't look like the other resetters for cannon cli 221...what's the difference?
Does this reset expiration date of cartridges?
will this resetter work on a cannon mg7520 if not can someone tell me which will ?
Does this work on the pgi-9 cartridges for the pro950 by canon?
Will it work with Canon PIXMA 250 PGBK XL?
Inserted stock cartridge; adapter in place; light blinked grn three times then red; printer still complains of empty cartridge. What's wrong?
Where is this phone made? U.S.A? Or China?
Does this phone have a glossy finish? The photo here looks like it has a dull, flat finish
Does the phone have a old school ringer like a western electric 2500
Does it work with a digital phone service from a cable co?
Is this phone hearing aid compatible?
Can the ringer be turned off? Or does it just have high and low settings? I bought two of these, one can be silenced and the other cannot.
Is the cord from the handset to the base removable so that I could attach a longer cord?
Is this phone approximately the same weight as the standard Western Electric 2500 set?
What's the difference between the Cortelco Kellogg 2500 Phone and the SCI-25003 Emergency 2510E Phone? They look identical and price is the same.
does this phone have an answering machine in it?
Does this work with Square Stand?
is it mac compatible
distance speed scan travel
How long is the cable that comes with it?
how can i reprogram it?
Include the base?
does it work with square stand
can I scan vehicles vin number or the DMV registration?
Is this a USB scanner that plugs into a computer and works like a keyboard wedge?
Does the scanner work in hand free mode while the scanner is put in the stand? Which means the scanner will scan bar code automatically.
Is assembly required?
hi - how do I hang file folders in the lower drawer? Thank you
How do the drawers open without handles?
Will this cabinet function without the wheels? Will the bottom drawer open smoothly and not tip over?
white 4 drawer filing cabinet
is 24.2 the deep?
How high is this cabinet with the wheels?
Is the back of this desk finished or unfinished (i.e. must it be placed against a wall)?
Is this desk made of particle board?
what material is the item made of, and what is the finish? If it's paper-type veneer, I'm not interested...
Measurements? Thank you.
What tools are necessary to assemble the desk?
is it black?
is there assembly required?
What are the dimensions of this item?
says they work for 6500A I have 6500 all in one. Will this for 6500 without the A?
What is the expiration date on this product?
Will all 3 colors in XL size fit in a 6500 at the same time (along with a Black XL)? The regular size color cartridges seem to fill up the space.
what is the exp date
I am looking to inventory all of my video games and am wondering about using a scanner. Will it automatically put game info (title, etc) when I scan?
Can this scan barcodes directly off of a computer screen?
I own this and it's been great but now I also need to be able to scan QR codes. Can this read QR codes?
is this scanner compatible with "BookCollectorCZ" program?
Does it read PDF417 codes?
I lost my manual. Is there a pdf anywhere?
Will this scan and read UPS shipping barcodes?
Can this scanner work with a ipad/tablet computer?
Will this scanner work with the PC version of Collectorz.com Book Collector?
Is there a manual for this anywhere? The unit does not come with one.
WHAT IS THE RESET CODE? OR NANUAL TRIGER CODE?
compatible with quickbooks?
how can I set it up with my Mac for Delicious Library 2?
Does this scanner work with quickbooks
Will this product fit the Hypercom (T7 Plus) credit card machine?
Will it fit a Verifone vx510?
Is this paper BPA Free?
Will these work in a FD-130?
Does this work with the Verifone VX520?
Can I use this while standing? I am only 5'2. Wondering if I can use this to help me stand while working.
Is it possible to drill a hole and mount it without the clamp?
My Keyboard is 18" wide by 9-1/2 depth, My monitor is 23" wide, will this work? Thank you
Can this stand be adapted to hold a LED monitor that doesn't have mounting holes on the back?
Will it work for a 23" all in one desktop computer and will it extend out beyond a 24" desktop?
what is the INSIDE (middle) compartment measurements?
Will this work in a childs car seat or will it be too wide?
Does anyone know the width between the legs?
Height is listed at 2.5 inches. How high is it with the sides up?
mouse space?
Can an adult man use this desk?
Can it be used with a car seat?
Would it work for plane travel?
will it fit over the arms of a toddler car seat
Couple questions:1. what type+size paper could be used? 2.how would i add a (hard) cover to the papers?
Do you have to buy the covers? And if so what kind do you get? I see the other binders, the glue is in the presentation covers. Thank You!
What is the voltage for this machine? Can it be used with 240V? Thanks
We make books for children. We print sheets of computer paper and then laminate those pages. We have been doing the comb binding but were hoping for something more permanent. Can we bind with laminated paper?
Does this machine use binding strips or does it have to be their customized cover? (I want to make a book with my own cardstock cover and reg paper)
Can you use this folder to fold a regular size sheet of paper in half?
Can you set where the folds need to be or is there only one setting? Do they tri-fold for #10 window envelopes?
is this a manual or automatic machine?
what type/ size of binding combs does this machine use? thank u.
Does this machine punch the holes in the paper as well as bind?
how much does it weight?
does this model use plastic or metal binding?
How many pages can you punch at once?
What is the most amount of sheets it will bind for one book?
will it accomodate 1" spines?
Did this printer ship with a ink cartridge??
Does the printer has a 36 female parallel port connection?
Where is this printer manufactured?
can you print envelopes with these units
does the printer come with one ink to start out?
Is this a network printer?
Black ink only?
scanner failure
Will this printer run on a 64 bit Windows7 OS?
will this printer work on a 64 bit windows 8 os?
Do I have to email from other computers nearby, or can I just use the "print" function in MS Word, the internet or whatever I am using?
Does this printer print directly onto CD/DVD printable media as does the C309a?
My photos print out dark and distorted- I've tried everything HP suggests and no luck. First few years were fine. All else works great still, help? .
How to print from iphone
I can't change the settings to regular paper instead of photopaper?
Is the fax wireless or do I need a home ground line for faxing?
How much ink does this printer use?
does the inside of the book have side pockets front and back.
does this book come with the address pages included??
Does this have single letter tabs?
Is this a 6 ring binder and does it have refills available
Does this book have a place for phone number and email address?
Does this book have Christmas Card record pages
What are the dimensions of this item?
I need 12 units are you getting anymore before November 2014
Does the globe spin on the base or is it stationary?
i like the 40 mm globe but they are just a bit to big... do you have them in 25 mm or 30mmm? if so I would love to buy a couple more
Do you have a crystal globe that is larger? Where the globe itself is about 5-6". I saw one at someone's house. It was on a small stand and the globe
Do you have a crystal globe that is 2 1/2 inches in Diameter
Does anyone have experience installing and using this system on an Epson RX 595 Photo printer? I'm concerned about installing it.
how does the reset system works ? does it auto reset when the printer says is out the ink?
Is it Compatible with Epson 1410?
WILL THIS WORK WITH THE Epson Artisan 1430 Wireless Color Wide-Formant Inkjet Printer
Will this work for heat transfers on fabric? The OEM ink does but a question below about uv inks sent up a flag. Please advise.
I've properly installed the Continuous Ink System in my Epson Stylus Photo 1400, but it is not recognized as compatible. How do I fix this issue?
Does this work with Mac?i wanted to make sure since I saw the comment below mentioning it not working with mac
Are the ink cartridges in the Epson 1410 sold in Australia which are T0811-T816 the same cartridges in this Cont. ink system? Are they compatible?
Is it possible to buy the system with all the carts filled with black?
Is uv ink suitable to print on heat transfer paper for transfer on T.shirts or mugs??
I need to have the top of my monitors be 28 inches off of my desk in order for them to be eye-level. Is this kind of height achievable?
Can I have only 1 monitor on this or do I need 2?
Will this work with a samsung syncmaster 2494 ?
What are some good monitors that are compatible with this?
Can the brackets be moved along the bar toward the center?
Do the monitors adjust/slide horizontally along the arms? Or do you have to pull the monitors toward you to close the gap (ultimately losing space)?
My office moved building and changed Desks, In the process, the bottom bolt has gone missing. It is possible to purchase these items?
what is top height of monitor mounting bracket when set at top height. I'm tall and stock monitor stands are not high enough for me.
Do you have quantity of 25 of this item? Free Standing Horizontal Dual/Two LCD Monitor Stand Holds Most Monitors Up to 24" Widescreens New
2 inch monitor stability: Would this unit be sturdy enough to support 2 20 inch wide screen monitors and how much space would be between them?
What is the size of the card?
Does it come with envelopes?
The picture shows a pink card with pink writing that barely is readable... is this how the card really looks like??
What is the color of the paper? Its says pearl ivory but it looks pinkish on the picture... I want to make sure pearl ivory is not the Ink color...
What are the size of the envelopes? Does it only fit when folded?
How thick is the cardstock?
What is the advantage to this over black masking tape or vinyl tape?
is it cloth tape or is it coated?
Can I use this on the back of a velvet painting to repair a rip?
can I or should I use this tape after I bind papers together by book binding glue?
Will I be getting the same item as your picture is showing? From my bad experience, I hate to waste time, efforts &amp; money. Thank you!
hi gd day an looking at this item do this item comes with another refill ? and if it do refilling in the future what ink can i use?
I have an Epson Stylus Photo RX620. Will this work and what is the best way to run the cord into printer?
How do I get my PC to direct the printer to use the PGBK cartridge?
How large are the tanks? Any help?
is this same as pgi 226
What is the expiration date of the ink tanks?
Are these tanks full or partial value tanks?
Where is the gray color....my printer is asking for this one.
gray ink cartridge for canon pixma mg8120: canon website states cli-226 gray cartridge is compatible to this printer. amazon states this cartridge is not compatible with this printer. which one is correct?
grey ink for Canon Pixma 980?
when do you use canon gray ink?
What is the amount of ink in this cartridge? I cannot read the print on the back of the package in your photo.
Do you have these in stock? I ordered from you a few weeks ago and never got my order.
can i use black instead of gray ink to finish printing documents.
How many cartridges are in the pack?
Will this cartridge work with my 1x6500 printer
what is reasonable number pages per cartridge ?
i want to use this printer primarily for text. What can I expect for number of pages per cartridge, and do I need 2 kinds of black with the MG5220?
do you need CLI-226bk if you have PGI-225PGBK cartridge. I notice the Canon 4 pack does not include the CLI-226BK
When my printer indicated that my yellow ink cartridge was low I replaced it and not many weeks later, same low indication for yellow. Any ideas why?
What all-in-one Canon printers use PGI-225 and CLI-226 ink?
Is there any indication on the package how many pages the ink will print
can you refill the cartridges
Why do they have 2 sizes of Black 226 Small and a Canon PGI-225 BK , Is there a setting on my Cannon printer to choose black only ?
Is this compatible with the Canon MG 5500 Canon printer?
Is this ink edible?
can you use this ink for a pixma MG7100 series printer?
Do you have cannon 34 and 36?
Do I need a special plug? Both prongs are the same size, large&gt;
does the sign have stakes so that it can be planted in the yard?
Does not fit standard a/c outlet, why?
How does it look when viewed from the outside, hanging in a windows?
So I understand the Power Supply not included, but it can be connected to a power supply if necessary, correct? (have power supply at office)
IT WORKS WITH FREE PBX?
Does this work with Vonage Business Phone?
WIll this work with an Allworkx system?
Is it compatible with a Nortel Networks phone model M3903 ??
Will this phone be a good choice for an 8-people conference table?
Does this work with an Avaya IP 406?
Can this system connect to a cell phone?
Can this item be configured to use SIP protocol to connect to a service such as VoIPCheap?
Is this unlocked and SIP compatible phone?
What type of material is this drawer made out of?
Is the drawer fully extendable?
Can you stack two of these on top of each other for a double cabinet?
would I be able to store a printer on top, or is it not that sturdy?
Does the cabinet come with a key? I seem to be missing mine.
What size hanging file folders does this require?
I have 2 land lines and 2 cell phones. Would I be able to carry around one cordless handset and be able to answer calls from all 4 lines?
does it have some kind of notification when I have a voicemail? For example, does a light on the phone blink?
What is the difference between the TL86109 and the 86109?
I use a phone company answering system, so I don't want to use the answering system built in to this. Is it possible to turn it off?
How is the battery life on headset?
Is there a headset jack on the handsets?
Can't get the answering system to set to 6 rings. answers after 2 rings and I can't change to any other option. Suggestions?
Is there a distinctive ringtone for the intercom so you know it is not an outside call?
can you use a headset with this phone?
Can I add a second base unit in order to increase the range in a concrete and steel building?
Is the color more black or brown?
What are the dimensions of the chair gap? (how high/wide/deep-- need to see if my desk chair fits)
What kind of wood is it made out of?
Is assembly required?
What are the dimensions of this item?
After you empty your bank, how do you get the auto counter to go back to zero?
What is the size of the jar?
how much does it hold
Does it count only U.S. currency? is there a way to recognize other coins?
How do you subtract coins, I am having trouble. Thanks.
how do you reset the counter to 0?
Is there a way for you to manually add/subtract from the displayed number if you take a few coins out?
My bank shows the total constantly until another coin is put in. Is it like that always or does the display go out eventually?
How do you turn the thing on? I have the AAA batteries in (brand new) and have tried pushing the reset button and inserting coins and nothing happens.
So I have one of these banks but it doesn't subtract it just keeps adding.
1/4 inch length? Do these staples have a 1/2 inch crown? There's no information on whether or not if it does.
Will these staples fit Swingline #545 Swingline gun
Are these made in america?
will these fit in the Zenith 548 stapler ?
Are these made in america?
Will there fit in the Swingline Commercial Desk Stapler?
Will these staples fit Swingline #101 Tacker staple gun?
Will this work with the brute 20 gallon 2620 container?
This is for FIVE separate dollies right?
can you get new wheels for these
will this work with Rubbermaid 2640????
does this have rubber wheels or hard plastic?
Has anyone used this with a Brute 55 Gal? Looks like the same dimensions as the one Rubbermaid sells for the 55 Gal
How does this mount to can?
would this fit on a 2620 container?
cable
scan quality
Does it work with windows 8.1?
could this handle legal-14"x8.5"?
what is scan bed size, 11X17?
Can I scan multiple photos at once
does the scanner support scanning of A3 (11x17) documents
Is this scanner compatible with 8.1 windows Thank you
Is this scanner compatible with Windows 8.1 Thank you
How to auto-crop?
Is the Epson Perfection V330 Photo Scanner (this scanner) compatible with Mac OSX 5.8? If not, which one is?
I need a scanner to take to the library and use with my MacBook Pro. Is this portable? If not the best, any recommendations?
Is the Epson V 370 software compatible with Win7, 64 bit?
My XP-410when printing from Mac Air starting printing two lines and skip a few spaces and then another two lines until finishing. What is wrong?
Hi...I have many 35mm B&amp;W negatives given to me by my late Uncle who was in Iwo Jima during WWII. Will this scanner convert the negatives? Thanks, Ed
How long does it take to scan a 4x6 color picture?
when scanning larger images, and using stitch and scan, how visible are the overlap areas after stitching?
Can I scan artwork?
how do I turn it off?
what software bundle is included
Does this chair come assembled?
Can you tell me the height (in inches) from the floor to the top of the seat?
What are the seat dimensions so I can order cushions?
What materia is it made out of? I have a baby who's been chewing everything and am wondering about the finish on the seat.
What is the weight limit for this chair?
Does this chair come in a different finish?
how much weight can it hold
Are the seats 24 inch counter height?
where are the silver brackets in the chair?
What is the seat height
If using letter size folders ... how deep is it from front to back? Does the bottom drawer slide out to reach the bottom folders?
Are these drawers of a size where I can use legal size folders turned the other direction?
Can I fill both file drawers jam full of hanging files, and it will bear the weight? I want to use it for mostly storage. I plan to pull entire drawer out and put on a table before I try to file into it. I don't need it to roll around.
What is the height of the unit from bottom of the casters to top rail? I'm trying to fit it under a desk
Can you put a small light weight printer on the top? Need something we can move around for a disabled teen. Is it tall enough for a 6ft. teen to use
Does the hight of 27 inches include the very top of handles? Thanks.
Does the seat tilt function allow for tilt both forward and back, just forward, or just back? Once tilted, can the tilt be locked into place?
How far of a forward angle can it be tilted and locked, how many degrees?
What is the diameter of the base?
Can locking casters or glides be purchased for this chair? If so, where? Thank you.
Is this too high for desk use?
Do any casters lock?
What is the height of the stool?
What is the weight limit?
Could I use this to cut card stock (say three sheets the same thickness as 3x5 cards)?
will this cut something that is laminated?
Which product do you recomend for cardstock and card making.
Would I be able to get a clean cut on a folded plastic/vinyl cheap table cloth using this cutter?
Will this cut sandpaper sheets?
Can it cut a 1/16" thickness of foam rolls?
Will this cut heavy (almost cardboard) type paper? I am needing to cut six pack holders
Is there a safety latch to keep the blade arm down when it is not in use?
Is this useful for cutting tissue paper?
Is there a ruler system at the top of this cutter (something to indicate inches)?
Can you use decorative blades with this trimmer?
How do I adjust the cutting strip? The blade is in between the 2 black lines and throws off the measurement by 1/8". :(
How do you change the blade?
Can you tell me if the measurments have 1/16, 1/8, 1/4, 1/2 etc. I am looking for a trimmer with measurments as low as 1/16 markings and I am unable to tell if the 1/16th mark is there even though the discription indicates, but reviews indicate...
Is this a stand and a charging station for the Latitude 15 5000 series?
Does this work with Dell's E7440?
I just purchased a PW380 docking station. Will this stand work with it? I don't see PW380 listed.
I am interested in buying 3 of these. Anyway to reduce the shipping costs if they are all shipped together?
Will this stand work for the Dell Latitude 15 5000 series?
Hi, my question is will this stand work with a Dell E6530 and it's docking station? Thank you
will this work for a Dell Latitude E5430?
Is the height adjustable?
Do you have to shut the laptop lid completely to use it? My external monitors don't like it when I shut the lid.
I have a Dell Latitude 6410 Laptop. Will these 2 items accomodate the 6410?---replicator and stand?
Is there a room monitor feature with this set? Thank you!
Can the ringer be turned off
does this phone come with, "talking caller ID." feature?
Are there musical ringtones with this phone system?
Can you use the intercom to call all other handsets by pressing Intercom or can you only call one intercom at a time?
What info shows on the screen? Had a Uniden phone years which I loved. It showed time &amp; date on the screen which was great for outdoor work.
do baby monitors pick up conversations?
does it have headset jack
does it have headset jack
Does this phone have a jack for a headset?
How many ringtone settings?
Does this phone have a Do Not Disturb feature? Like if the kids are taking a nap it won't ring and you can't hear someone leaving a message?
Does this phone have a mute button?
hi, what is its range? how far away can you place the second base? we want it to be outside the main house, about 150 feet. thanks!
Can this phone pick up calls on the 7th ring? Thanks.
The other day, I was untangling cords, I unplugged the phone from the modem and when I plugged it back in "check tel line" appeared on the display. Y?
Are there any extension telephone for this system? I need a unit with at least 4 phones, but I love the color of this one.
Does it have mute
Do the handsets have a headset jack?
Is the frequently called number directory easy to access? Is it possible to program more than one number for each contact (cell and home phone number)
does this include a pad of paper and what type of paper pad does this take
will it fit in the front pocket of a police uniform shirt ?
Pen or pencil holder?
is this a spiral or loose ring
is there a card holder on the flip underside
Why does it cost so much? Is it really worth the $16.90?
is this a spiral or loose ring
Does the time clock need to be connected to the computer at all times or do you just hook up to the computer to see the time sheets
are the employee cards reusable?
Will it work with windows 8?
Can you delete employees from the time clock (we have a high turn over rate)?
does it total up the hours
can i just plug into one Admin computer? Computer need to connect to internet? Need to connect the machine to computer 24/7? Thanks!
does system save date including Year?
Does this product come with cards to swipe? how do you setup a card to an employee?
Can i use the same computer to download records from 2 different pyramid ttez machines.
Can you use this system on the Apple OS? I don't have a Windows computer
One review mentioned there is no off/on switch for the light is this true?
Will this cut 13" paper?
Does the Fiskars 12 Inch LED SureCut Folding Rotary Paper Trimmer (154470-1002) cut chipboard?
I'm looking for a cutter that doesn't require replacing the blade...is this true for this cutter?
does this cutter have the wire guide? I have had nothing but bad luck with that feature!
Does the paper trimmer have a guide (something you can bump the paper up against to ensure an accurate measurement)?
How many pages at one time does it cut
Can it be used when it is folded or does it need to be opened up to be stable?
What is the maximum thickness paper I can cut?
Which scoring blade can i use with this? Thanks!
Does this come assembled?
what are the measurements?
does take legal files? Letter? both?
What is the weight capacity of each drawer?
what are the dimensions?
what type of wood is the filing cabinet made of?
Does this product arrive assembled?
Do both drawers lock?
Is this item fully assembled when delivered?
size, with, depth, hight???
Can it slide under a sofa?
What is the lowest height?
What is the Max Height?
Is the top slant adjustable?
Will this swivel so the two wheels shown on the right are flat against a sofa and the top holding the laptop is over the sofa? Or is the top always over the long base?
can I use if working out on a stationary bike or treadmill have a17 inch laptop touchscreen will be playing games with touchscreen will it tip over?
does this tilt so that the mouse can be either for ur right hand to control or the other way so that ur left hand can also control mouse comfortably?
Is the table vented?
Does it tip over easily? I have carpet.
Is it low enough to comfortably use with a regular chair?
WHAT IS THE WEIGHT LIMIT FOR THESE CHAIRS
I have lower back problems, are these chairs comfortable to sit on?
You answered somone elses question and said the height from the ground to the seat is 17 inches. Is that to the bottom of the cushion or the top?
Will the base of the legs scratch a wood floor?
Do theese chairs stack?
Do you sell the seat cushions for these chairs?
What is the height of this chair from the ground to the seat?
is it 2 sided? (Does it have all the normal verbage on the back?)
Is this product the 8-05 version or the 2-12 version?
what is the difference in the 2005 and 2012 product?
Is this a floor-specific mat, or is it thin enough (and is the material appropriate) for the top surface of a workbench?
Is it possible to trim it so it fits my table without affecting the grounding?
What is the thickness? They usually are in the 2 mm to 3 mm range. Should be 3mm for an Eclipse 900 series mats.
does this mat come with an anti-static wristband or do you have to purchase this seperately?
Is there a W3 form included ?
Is there writing on the back of these sheets or are they blank on both sides?
I am in California, what state do you ship from (shipping eta)?
does this work for QuickBooks Assisted payroll?
Are the forms I am ordering the 2014 forms? No year is printed in the detail.
Will this work for 2013 W2 forms?
These are perforated for separation, correct?
Can this product be used in a HP Officejet 6700 Premium printer/copier?
What is a sensing strip?
Does anyone know the thickness of the transparency in mils (check the label)? Thank you.
I want to use these for windows in a shaker card and want to know if these are flimsy or sturdy enough to be windows in a card.
hp color laserjet
Can you use these as write-on sheets as well? They seem to be cheaper than the ones marked "write-on".
Does this film accept color laser printing or just black and white?
Is it possible to erase laser prints?
Do these sheets have one side that is "grippy" with a bunch of tiny textured dots, or are both sides 100% completely smooth?
Is this heat resistent? I am trying to make slides for my kids homeschooling and I have an old slide projector.
How are these blocks packaged? Are they in a tub with screw-top lid?
Are these as bright and as colors shown in the picture?
What is the thickness of the blocks? They look identical to 10mm thick blocks, but someone said here they are 1/4 inch thick (about 6mm). I am puzzled
Does anyone know where these are made?
Hi,What size is the biggest block? what size is the smallest block? Thanks. Just wondering how big these blocks/shapes are..
is this paper college ruled? Narrow ruled? Wide ruled? it's hard to tell from the pictures.
Is this paper narrow ruled? College ruled? wide ruled? It's hard to tell from the pictures.
can this be used in a printer?
are these separate sheets of paper?
Does it sharpen fat pencils that kindergarteners might use? Does it sharpen the cheapo pencils and ones that are covered with a sort of paper?
How loud is this sharpener? I'm looking for a powerful, but quiet sharpener.
What is the warranty?
Is it support 240v also?
will it sharpen fat pencils?
How wide is the largest hole? I have several of the Crayola colored pencils to sharpen regularly Thank you!
is the motor quiet
Does anyone know if this will sharpen golf pencils?
Does this unit have a warranty???
Is this dual voltage or only 110v?
Does sharpening motor stops automatically at the end of sharpening cycle?
The 1-star reviewers say this only lasted a month, then broke. Can any of you who have used it for a while comment on its durability? Thank!
is this a good buy for an artist who uses pencils and colored pencils?
does it sharpen colored pencils
With which voltage does the sharpens work? Can it be used with 220 volts current?
Can you clarify what the different size packs mean? Since 2-pack is more than 3 times the amount of 1 sharpener, it can't mean 2 sharpeners, can it?
Does it sharpen charcoal pencils well?
my water color pencil broke the very first time I used the sharpener. How do I get inside to get the tip of the pencil out?
Does anyone know the watts? I want to use it overseas with a power converter.
is this good for more than a year
Does this sharpen pencils evenly all around the pencil? I have an x-acto sharpener and it always leaves wood to the tip on one side.
does it work on colored pencils?
Can different size pencils be sharpened?
Does the blade quit when the pencil is sharpened or when the pencil is removed?
Does this sharpener come with a warranty?
How is it charged? USB cord, batteries?
Where is this sharpener made?
How does it do with the theme decorated pencils? Ie Disney, halloween My iPoint evolution gets tangled from the outside design. Thanks
On its back it will say what voltage it takes, it is usually written in a range, such as 110-240V. What is its range?
Could this sharpener take short pencils?
What size trash can is acceptable
what size (how many inches) garbage pail can the shredder fit over? What is the max size??
do you have a cross cut shredder head
Why does the item title "Diamond-Cut" not match the description "Strip Cut"? It makes a big difference.
noise
can the printer print with only the black cartridge installed?
ink saver mode does what?
My printer was working fine, now it's hit the 2 year mark (warranty is over) and the black won't print. I've wasted 2 new cartridges
Black ink does not print: Any idea how to get my second machine printing black again?
This printer won't start printing and on the computer screen it shows it keeps repeating paper count? How do I fix it? Please help...
WILL THIS "XL" PRINT MORE PAGES THAN REGULAR 61?
Am I better off getting 2 regular 61 black cartridges or the XL?
where can I find a list of printers this ink will work in?
Under "will this work with my printer" says no this will not work with the envy 5530? Anyone else used it, went to hp site, said yes and 5 bucks less!
What is the printer(s) this cartridge goes with?
this cartridge is rechargeable?
what is the expiry date?
Will this cartridge work with the hp 4630e all in one printer?
Does this fit HP Deskjet 2512?
what you mean by rechargeable
will it work on photosmart d110 series
we have hp envy 5530 printer will this cartridge work?
will this cartridge fit in my HP4400?
I just bought an hp envy 4500 and it says this ink cartridge will not work the box has 61 /61xl why does it say it will not work with this printer
what cartdrige to i get for my hp photo 5515 printer
would like to know expiration date bring these cartridges because it takes about a month and a half to get to my country.
Will this work in a Deskjet 1510E?
what is the expiration date on the inks?
Is this a remanufactured product? Does it come in the box as shown above?
what is extra large cartrydge
is this map 48in x 73in
What would be a great way to hang this map besides thumbtacks? There was one suggestion about PVC pipe, but it doesn't look very flat in the picuture
does this map have white margins? what is their width? what is the map size without the margins?
What year edition is this?
How is it tranportate? does it come into a tube? how big ist the tube?
caligraphy
um....this might be a crazy question, but what are the pages inside looking like? Lined? College/Wide ruled? not lined, just blank? Grid? Thanks.
How many pages/sheets does this notepad have?
What does the page look like?
Are there 160 pages (80 sheets, front and back) or 80 pages (40 sheets, front and back)?
How does this pad measure up to the Web Book? Will there be bleed through when using a fountain pen?
Are both sides of the paper dotted, or is the reverse side blank?
What are the best envelopes to use with this size of paper?
I have a 35" sewing table and a 29" table. I need to know if the chair adjusts high enough for the 35" one? Thank you, Virginia M.
this chair doesn't not come with casters, do you sell the casters?
How wide is the seat?
what is width of chair seat?
We have carpeting in the sewing room. Would the chair stil work? Would I need to put roller feet on? Or get a chair mat?
The diagrams show casters, but the photo does not. Do casters come with the chair?
will this work with an asus T-1 tablet?
Is it made of aluminum or plastic?
does this work with chromebook?
Will this work with an iPad?
Will this hook up to a Mac Bluetooth keyboard? I currently have an LMP unit and it doesn't work properly.
What are the dimensions of the leg area? (Floor to keyboard tray, width) Appreciate the help in advance!
what is the width and depth of the desk?
does it look more black
What is the material used to make this desk?
does this hutch has light inside?
What are the dimensions of the cabinet space for a computer tower?
How much weight can you put on the shelf area ? Can you tell me how tall the inside of the shelf hutch is ? thank you.
Is there a separate link for the aged tobacco color finish? I can't select that option on the product page even though it says that is available.
would this desk fit my 27" monitor with the hutch?
How would you describe the color of this desk?
I'm not sure what my used RV (white) roof is made of - do I need to do anything to prepare the surface for epdm liquid roof, other than clean and dry?
would i be able to make a long rubber mat out of this that is able to roll up?
Does this product come with a catalyst that you mix with it?
What is the ideal brush type to use with it? Also, does it adhere to metal?
How long does it last?
can you mix a dye into the white version to create a desired color?
want to use this to make a summer only wood water troft would i need to fiberglass the angles or use as is thks
Can says it covers 10.5 Sq Ft/g but the description says it covers 40 to 42 sq ft per gallon. Which is correct?
Can says it covers 10.5 Sq Ft/g but the descritpion says it covers 40 to 42 sq ft per gallon. Which is correct?
could this be used to make a fish tank ive seen people use liquid rubber inside wood fish tanks not sure if this would hold water
Looking for a 48" x 72" will this work?
I need a stand that can fit a poster slightly smaller than 36" tall and 48" wide. Can this one be adjusted?
What does it weigh?
If I order with print, I provide grahics and you print the banner?
Will this accomodate A 30 x 78 Banner?
What are the measurements for the CPU tower space? HxWxD?
What are the total dimensions of this desk
Can you set the desk up mirrored, so that the drawers are on the opposite other side?
What color is "Antiqued Paint " ? Black or Brown ?
What are the dimensions?
What are the dimensions?!
Will a 32inch LCD widescreen monitor fit in the hutch??
What is the total length of the Way Basics Eco 3 Cubby Storage Bench? Thank you!
I want to use this mostly for paperbacks, are the cubes too tall for something like that?
is this stable enough for a toddler to sit on as a bench?
Would a 12x12x12 storage bin work in the cubby
how tall is it?
Can you put screws in them for reinforcements?
Would it be durable enough to use as seating in a kid's playroom?
Can this be hung as a bookcase? how much weight will it hold?
Can I use the Cisco SPA525G2 with Ring Central?
Do you need a static IP address to use the wifi?
Can this phone be configured to talk and listen over multiple lines simultaneously?
what is the difference between the spa 525g and the spa 525g2?
Does this phone supports BLF?
I lost the back plastic part that keeps my Cisco SPA525G2 upright... do you know where I can get a replacement?
Does anyone have any recommendations for a headset to work with this phone that is comfortable to wear all day in a work environment?
Can I use it with Vonage phone lines?
I get a lot of calls on my iPhone. Can I get all the calls from my iPhone on this phone rather than having to dig for my cell when I'm at the office?
can you use this phone while on the go? Like hotel and public hotspot.
Is this made of metal or is it more of a dry erase board?
What are the dimensions?
Is the board solid black or does it have polka dots on it. Just asking due to prior customer review.
How does this memo board mount onto the wall?
Does this pen have internal memory &amp; battery ? Can it work independent of a computer? Or does it work only if connected by bluetooth / USB to a comp ?
If I do not have Bluetooth on my notebook, can I still use C-pen 3.5 through USB connection?
Since it's a Bluetooth device, can the data it sends be intercepted by another device other that the intended device?
Will the pen scan surfaces other than paper? ie steel
will the c-pen translate latin
Will it copy signs, and hieroglyphics in the sentence?
Does this pen work with more recent OS X versions, like 10.10?
Does this work with Citrix Data Entry with MS-Access? Is there a dongle included if using a PC without BlueTooth?
how i can connect it to my iphone
Will the any C-pen work with an iphone?
Please confirm the part numbers that you are shipping are HP 940 XL (1400 page high yield) cartridges
What is the expiration date
Is this really an XL product?
Are these XL cartridges? If so I want them. Thanks.
Are the expiration dates on these cartridges current - or - expired?? My printer won't print with expired cartridges.
Will these work in an HP OfficeJet Pro 8500A Plus?
I am trying to buy ink 940XL for my HP Office Jet Pro 8000 Wireless and none of the sites list that printer as compatible. ???
Is the lumbar support on this chair hard or stiff like a plastic/metal or soft like a cushion type of lumbar support?
Can you stop the chair from leaning back so that you can sit in it straight? Are you forced to lean back when you lean back in the chair?
Height of back from seat to top of headrest?
How easy is it to lean back? Does it take much pressure to lean back, 1-10, 1 being easy, 10 being hard. Thanks!
My chair was delivered with no bolts or hardware to put it together...how can I get these sent asap??
Is this real leather? I am looking to replace a chair that was a leather-like material, but has cracked and is peeling.
How tall is the back rest from seat to top?
does it lean back?
what is the height off the ground for the seat?
what is the weight limit???
I am 235 lb will the chair reliably support me?
What adjustments are the three levers for?
can the back go completely down? and can the chair rock?
Is this chair available in a low back option or smaller size? My biggest problem is the seats are too large and my feet won't touch the ground.
Can the wheels be replaced on this chair? If so, what type of wheels?
can the arms be removed? We do not have room for arms in our space - looking for a comfortable chair like this without arms.
Can the seat be locked with the front tilted UP while the back is tilted as far upright as possible? (sorry, wrote it wrong before!)
Can the seat be locked with the front tilted down while the back is tilted as far upright as possible?
Are arms adjustable?
Does chair require assembly?
What is the seat height? Is it possible to add casters to the bottom?
Are the chairs covered in real leather?
Would this be appropriate for a junior high library in a reading nook? Would probably get used a good bit daily.
Is he chair a swivel?
is this a Swivel chair ?
is the leather faux or real
Does it swivel?
Please describe chair legs ?
Is this chair a swivel chair???
Is the chair comfortable; as it is only 27 inches wide and 27 inches deep
what is the weight limit on the chair? The sitting hours should be in the instructions or manufacturer website. The weight limit is most important
can this chair be assembled with out putting on the arms
what is the maximum height of the seat from the floor to sitting position
What is the maximum height on the chair?
are the arm rest comfy ?
Can the height of the chair adjusted ?
Can you adjust the arm rest up and down?
How to assemble this chair? Is it easy to do?
rug compatable?
Does this chair lean back and or recline at all ?
What is the maximum and minimum seat heights?
height from the floor
Can I lean on this char ?
can I get replacement parts?
does this have a large or small center hole?
Where do you get the MS Word template for these?
Do these come with a template CD for printing? What or Who's template do you use? it does not mention in the specs. Thank You!
Is it 300 labels or 300 sheets with 2 labels per sheet?
can i print any images i want on these? like if i produce music discs and i want to put my own cover art on them?
Is this glossy or Matte?
Can I use my stomper applicator to put these labels on DVD's??
Does this have tilt control?
Is this real Leather?
would this be good for long periods? 6+ hours. I weigh about 138
What is the weight capacity???
Are the arms removable?
I this chair made of actual leather or is it polyurethane?
i need a seat height of at least21.5 inches will this work?
How low does the chair height adjust? I have a very low desk.
The chair comes in a box unarmed?
The chair leans back way too much to the point where i almost fall! is there something that i did wrong? i know i put it together good
I got the chair all together, but there is a small problem the chair leans back way too much. is there a way to fix it?
Sometimes the seat gets stuck and I tilt it back, how do I fix this?
so is this a good chair or not?
Do you know how to remove the cylinder from the wheels? I want to return the item but I'm not sure how to on this chair.
what is diameter of base in inches from wheel to wheel?
please tell me the dimensions of the base/feet
Are the wheels rubber or plastic?
product desc. says 22.8" high while one answer says 26", which is it?
What are the dimensions of the base?
Do the casters lock?
what the the size of the wheel base. I am working in a small area.
Where can i buy more wheels for this stool?
I weigh 250 lbs. is this stool right for me?
what is the height range?
Does any toner come with the printer
It says distributed by Adorama. Then in the chart, it says printer output is black and white. I will order it if it is color.
Will it be able to handle a small office with 12 to 15 employees?
Can the the toner be filled and is the drum separate or together with the toner?
What is the largest size of paper it can handle? Does it do Legal paper ?
Do these used printers include any toner?
Can I order this for Wireless Network?
Does this include a developer and developer for starting?
Does this include a developer and developer for starting?
How do you fold this chair up once it is open?
How much does this chair weigh?
how much weight does the chair hold?
how tall are these when folded for storage?
When folded, do the chairs nest into one another for storage?
has anybody purchased this chair for use by a person over 450 lbs? I know it is advertised for 800 lbs, but would hate for anybody to get hurt
Is the listed price for one chair?
If I were to order 100 of these chairs what would shipping be?
When it's open ,what's the height of the seat.
does this book have holiday card record pages with check boxes for sent and received?
are there pages for birthdates, anniversaries etc?
Does this have a space for email addresses?
Are you sure this is not a 3-ring binder?
does the book have pockets for each month
What are the dimensions of this item?
How many pages are there and does it include the alphabet tabs. Thanks
Does it have holiday cards column?
What is the page size for the Address Book hallmark ADD1119 refills?
What is the size of the pages and how many pages are included?
How many refill pages do you get?
what is the page size for the ADD 1109 refill?
Do you have refills for address book AR253
Does this work with windows 7 and 8?
Can I use this phone to answer a call coming over my computer? (my computer screen is busy with another program)
Is this phone an "Always On" Skype phone or do you have to keep your computer on at all times?
Will this phone work on a mac computers?
can i use it for other telephone systems like IPBX
So, are people now receiving 12 in a package or should I just order from somewhere else?
Are these erasers the "dust free" type?
Do these erasers work on colored pencils? And, if so, do they work on ALL colored pencils, or only Prisma colored pencils?
Our teacher requested a 3-pack of Magic Rub erasers? Does the 12-pack come with 4 3-packs OR 12 individual erasers? Thanks.
My teachers requested that I purchase "Magic Rub Eraser - Non Glossing - White Vinyl". Are these them?
Anyone knows if the eraser will erase the ball point ink marks ? Thanks!
evary year we get this earser in our school supplies box and i try to use it but it donent erase my school work and thay also break in half i dont
What kind of eraser is it?
I have cordless phones. Will one of these work where the main phone is connected, or do I have to get one for each phone jack in my home?
I have a digital phone line via my cable provider w/ my line connected w/ my cpu. With multiple lines connected,will this one device work w/ all lines
Even when I have had the device installed, and the switch on the OFF position, the last couple of nights, my phone has rung,even with the phone dead.
I have voice over 'net. Will device, when plugged into any phone jack, kill service to all phones, and just allow fax machine to work (what I want)?
i have a printer/ fax and only one phone line. will this work whwn i want to use the fax?
I have a 2 line phone but only use 1 line will it work ?
size?
Okay, do I need to add batteries or something? I didn't get instructions and didn't think I'd need them, but apparently I was wrong. It won't work.
Does this item reset the chip on Canon CLI-42 ink cartridges?
Will this reset the chip on Canon MG3100 printer?
Will this work with my MX-922 Series Printer ?
will this work on a canon pixma mg2520 printer? do you know where I can find one that will? thank you
Will this work for a pixma mg3122 with a cartridge # cl-241xl? if not, can you recommend where i can look. seems i've looked everywhere already.
will it work for the PIXMA 495? it uses 210 and 211 cartridges
Is it working with cartridges CANON PG510 and PG511 from a printer MP230?
Will it work on Canon Pixma MX712 ? Thanks!
Will this reset the chip on a Canon PF03 printhead?
Do these also work on chalkboard surfaces? / How are they different from chalk markers?
Will these work on a black dry erase board?
Any experience on using these markers on a mirror?
Will these show up on/be easily erasable from a standard black refrigerator?
How do these look on a white board? I really need a yellow dry erase marker and this is the only set that comes with one.
hi mine is a sticker type of chalk board paper , which i just stick on to the wall. can i use these? not quite sure is it dry erase too.
Can I use them for chalkboards?
do they glow in dark, or under black light?
Do these markers act the same as regular dry erase markers? I have a tendency to wipe away the "ink" with my hand when I'm doing equations.
Do these work on LED clear menu boards?
Do you have a print count on this specific used HP 1415printer?
how do you adjust margins ?
Is this printer a wifi direct printer?
Does the CM1415fn CM1415fnw Print B&amp;W/Greyscale Without Color Toner? I read somewhere that the HP CM1415fnw prints black and white output using a mix of the cyan/magneta/yellow toner?
can you give me a print count on hat printer, you can get that by going into the web interface then Status/ reports/ and click print on usage page
Will this laptop stand hold a 17 in computer
Would this stand work just as well if you were using it on your lap instead of a desktop?
Can I fit it in a 15.6" laptop bag?
Will this hold a 13" Macbook?
how many inches from the front to the riser bar?
What is the return policy?
does it come with the 3.0 Digital Creativity DVD? Is the 3.0 DVD needed to 'stitch' large pics together?
How much does it weigh?
Is the Soft ware Mac compatible???
If it scans 4" x 6" and it needs a 1" overlap for stitching to work correctly. Does that mean it really only scans 3" x 5" of new area on each scan?
What is the largest photo it can scan without stitching together with a program?
How well would this work for large deed books that might require 12 scans per page, when you need dozens of pages?
difference from doxie?
How well would this work for scanning pages in an older book?
Can this be used to scan receipts and other doc for tax purposes?
Would these work on acrylic/plastic? I want to decorate an "unbreakable" wine glass. Thanks!
do these work on mug? I'm wanting to make some custom mugs for christmas and I've heard that regular sharpies don't work for that. thx
Do the light color inks show up on dark surfaces?
I want to use these pens to draw names on plastic wine glasses for a wine tasting party. Is the paint permanent or will it wash off the plastic glass?
Do these dry really fast on glass and if you mess up can you scrape off the color. Also could I coat with laquer?
Do these work on metal?
Can you use these pens on cloth? I wanted to paint an apron.
I am going to have a bunch of people writing on a platter. Do you think these will work or should I get the fine tip kind?
Would these work on plastic glasses frames? Do they fade or smudge?
Can I use these paints on the inside of a coffee mug? And still drink from the mug?
can this be mounted with magnets to put on my fridge? or is it too heavy?
how big exactly is the dry erase portion?
What are the dimensions for the entire board?
How does it mount to the wall? Does it come with brackets?
What is the function of the black side of the board. Is it a cork board or something else?
Is the wood frame white or black on this? The description is "Expo Combo Dry Erase Board with Black Wood Composite Frame, 18x24 inches, White (1763768)" Does this mean there is an option of a black or white frame?
Does it also hold magnets?
Can board be mounted vertically
is the white board also magnetic ?
Wireless: Can you use this printer with a cable if you do not have the technology to use it as a wireless printer?
i need printer for my official (studio) use to print pp size in a minutes. Is this a good one or any other
i want to know in this printer pp size option is in built
is in this printer in built pp size option
Can you please ship this printer to Belgium in Europe? My grandfather really wants this pc, but it's no longer available in Belgium.
Does this scanner have OCR capability?
Hi, is this the actual MP280 model we will receive with the rear feeder?
will it increase or reduce image size on copies
is this a wireless printer
About the quality of the Canon Pixma MP280: Can someone please tell me how good the quality of this printer is.
I am sure I have used the pixma 280 printer with windows 8 but this says it is not compatable. Is it ?
does it work with Windows 10?
Is usb cable included?
can it scan pic and put on my computer
Do you have to have this connected to a computer to save the scanned items? Or can you save it to a memory device/stick/etc.?
Can it take multiple photos at the same time in one scan, and automatically crop them? Or is it limited only to one at a time with that feature?
What is the scanning area? i.e. how big a document can you scan?
Canon lists LiDE 100 as compatible with Windows 7 64-bit, does that apply to the 110 as well?
How big is the file size when you scan a 4 x 6 photo at full resolution of 2400 x 4800 and store as a jpeg or tiff file? Update on July 19 2013 Hello All Thanks for your responses. I actually bought this scanner, experimented with the settings and...
multiple pages in one file
does this scan slides?
CANON 2YRS OLD PRINTING PROBLEM B - 200
printing from iPad: How is this printer with the iPad?
wireless set up: Any suggestions?
Does the Canon MG5220 function when connected by a USB cable? Does the Canon MG5220 work connected by a USB cable?
printing problem - B 200
canon PIXMA MG5220 ink? I dont mind buying the ink, but am just curious. also does this have lan connectivity and how easy is the android to print function on this and is it effective and work well?
is it annoying to have to replace so many ink cartridges? i've only owned dell printers and just had to replace a black and a color. what are your experiences with having so many cartridges?
Color Accuracy on mg5220 way off. Is there some way I can calibrate the color settings.
Electrical Connection: Can one plug this Canon PIXMA MG5220 into an electrical outlet that also shares the computer surge protector.
Ink questions: how often do these go through ink with average use?
does product come with USB cable?
Does this scanner include OCR software?
How long does it take to scan a photo or series of photos on the flatbed?
Will it scan an 8.5" x 14" document?
Does it work with Windows 7 64 bit?
Does it create a jpeg file? I want to save photo scans in iPhoto
can it be used with a mac
Can you scan page as a word doc or rft file instead of pdf?
.
will this be compatible with OS X 10.9.2 ?
Photo Only or General Purpose: Is this printer intended to just be a photo printer, or is it also for general purpose printing and copying?
Windows 7 64 bit compatibility: Does this printer have compatibility with Windows 7 64 bit?
Printers for the iMac: I'm a new Mac user and am not assuming anything about compatibility ... any input?
Can the scan be done wirelessly?
document feeder: Does this printer have document feeder in case you would want to scan in multiple pages?
will it print on cd or blu ray disks?
Hello, is this a laser printer? Thank you
My canon mp 495 just died. anyone else had this problem?
IS THERE A FAX CAPABILITY?
Will it print off of my iPad 1?
Scanner automatically turns on when a white paper is placed in front. Can the scanner be configured so that scanning only begins at trigger press?
If I have an excel spreadsheet open and scan a barcode. Will it populate the number in the cell?
does this scanner work well with windows 8
Will it scan UPS, FedEx and US Postal service barcodes?
I'd like to use a micro USB converter to plug this into a windows 8.1 tablet. How is this powered? USB port? Batteries? AC adapter?
Will it decode PDF417 codes?
i lost the manual where can i download one, i need to program it again
can this be used on a mac?
I am trying to take an inventory of food items for a donation food bank... What information will I receive once it's scanned?
What information will I see when I scan a book?
Does anyone have a link to the manual booklet?
Is there any way to change the beam of the this scanner? Currently is really dim and would like to make it more narrow like a laser beam?
Can this reliably read Code 3 of 9, EAN 13 (+2/+5) and UPC codes?
HELP! Plugged scanner into USB, scanner beeped, was notified of new hardware, it lights up but will not scan anything. Whats wrong?
Will this device scan UPS labels / tracking #s into a PC? Small volume usage for a Mail Postal Store.
will this work with any point of sale system?
Can it read QR codes as well?
I need a scanner to scan food products. This will be used to log my foods into My Fitness Pal. If I scan with my phone it shows nutritional info. Will this scanner do that?
CAN the scanner be set up to read UPC-5?
How "white" is this item? Is it hospital walls white, or is it off-white/ivory?
Is this item easy to use?
I want to use this on my work desk, I use 3 different size envelopes. Is this heavy enough or is it going to tip over?
Are there feet or cushioning of some sort on the bottom to avoid scratching a wooden desk top on which the letter holder sits?
What size is it?
Would this be sturdy enough to store Zpalettes? Or other makeup palettes like that?
what are the dimensions of this product?
What the wait for this item???
How many inches between each partition, how thick of an item could you put in there...I'm thinking of using it as a baking pan divider...is it sturdy
What are the dimensions?
What is the height of the casters and metal section that slides under sofa? I need to know how high the sofa should be...
Does the tabletop collapse? Thanks
what is the packaging dimension for this product?
How high can it adjust to?
What would be the minimum clearance (in inches) of a couch's legs in order for the stand to fit under the couch? Thanks!
Does the table top on this swivel? I need it to rotate left and right for the lack of space available in my room.
i know this can be used with a netbook, but can you use a 17.5 laptop on it? Or is that size to big/heavy for this desk
what is the maximum height floor to tray?
Can I buy one of the black plastic (Sorry i don't know the name) as a replacement for my broken one?
Does this easily go from either direction on the bed?
I HAVE SAME PROBLEM,WILL NOT PRINT BLACK
What kind of cable do I need to connect the printer to my computer? I got a new router &amp; need to set up again to go wireless.
how do I receive a Fax on mfc-j265w multifunction printer
how to receive a fax
does it need internet connection
Does it have a speaker function?
Does phone use ac adapter or batteries?
does it need a power outlet...?
Headset Jack?
can it connect to more than one line?
I was just wondering if someone could tell me what type of pencil I should buy to use with the Aqua Notes?
Are there any refills that can be obtained on Amazon?
how many sheets of paper on a pad?
does it come with the suction pencil holder?
does anyone know if the notepad includes the pencil??
Anyone use this poolside? I'm interested in writing my workouts down and crossing them off as I complete the intervals
How do I purchase refill pads?
Will this work on a stainless steel refrigerator?
this value already includes the stylus? pair you send to Brazil?
What mil thickness is this tape? Thanks!
How many feet/yards are on the roll? Thanks
Are there refills for this product?
Can this tape be torn by hand?
is it really 2"
What size is the core (1.5" or 3")?
reuse
How many boxes nearly will this do?
Does it come with a print cartridge?
Is this a wireless printer?
can this printer be used to print autocad drawings,2d ,and autodesk inventer 3d?
is this machine compatible to an HP Laptop?
What is the specific HP Toner replacement number for this product?
Does the printer come w/ the appropriate cords to connect to the computer?
has any printer scan in color?
Does it scan in color or only black and white?
does this do color print/copy
Does this chair require assembly? How easy is it, if so?
What's the weight capacity on the chair?
what is the overall width and depth of the chair?
what is the seat height of this chair?
What gauge is the steel frame??
What is the warranty on this chair?
Does it use standard staples?
How many pages can be stapled together?
can battery be changed if they died?
What is the staple capacity?
Can you mount it on a glass desk?
Can anyone tell me what minimum size desk i need to suppor a single workfit-s and not have it all topple over or unstable? I dont need the desk space
Can this unit hold a 30 inch HD monitor?
Is the distance between the keyboard and the monitor adjustable (both on horizontal and vertical plane)?
My monitor at work is a ViewSonic VS15453. There are new screws in the holes where the plate would attach, does this unit work with ViewSonic?
paper jams
will this printer print on card stock?
Is this printer compatible with a laptop running windows 8?
does it come with ink?
Do this printer come with ink cartridges..or do you have to buy separately ?
CAN YOU USE #60 INK WITH THIS PRINTER?
Does it come with usb cable?
Is there an automatic document feeder that I can get to attach to this model? It's the only thing it doesn't come with that I really want to have.
does the printer included any ink?
what size is the scanner window?
Is the case water proof?
Is the magnet strong? I bought some of these somewhere else but the magnets were so weak it wouldn't stay magnetized to the car.
would a standard BMW key (with computer part) fit in this case?
Will it fit into the hitch opening? Anyone used hitch rail to hide this box with the key inside of it?
what are the inside dimension?
How safe is this to use? My primary concern is whether or not it will fall off my car,costing me my key.
Will a smart key fob in this hidden keycase effect the locking or unlocking of the car?
Will an Acura MDX key with key fob fit inside?
is the case large enough to hold large keys
what are the inside dimensions?
what's the minimum weight to the maxium weight?
Is the Battery Included ?
How heavy is the scale itself?
Is this item have automatically lock the reading when data is stable ?
Who do I contact regarding a Warranty return?
how long it to ship to you do anyone know.
how do I remove the battery?
How accurate is this scale...
The screen won't go off the first screen so I can't weigh anything. What should I do?
Does this dry to the touch? Would it work to put patches of glitter on wrapping paper? Thanks
does it smell bad? is there a smell after it dries?
I need an adhesive to glue dog fur on a outside plywood dog figure. Will this hold in humid or rain conditions?. Thank you
I am looking for an adhesive to reattach plastic trim molding - between the carpet and the body- surrounding the interior of my car doors. Is this the stuff that I should use?
can you tell me if this can be used to attach the foam wall pad on an above ground pool?
How does this hold up to water? Okay to use on something that stays outdoors and gets wet?
What is the overall size of these holders?
$35 for shipping for 3 of these packages?
why does a box of six plastic items weigh 15 pounds and cost a fortune to ship?
I would like to take the rest of the stock. How much will shipping be? It's charging me shipping for each piece at check out.
Two sided printing? Any ideas?
Where is the paper cassette tray? I tried the lower tray. Where do I position one #10 envelope to print for mailing?
will this printer print from my iphone? will this printer print from my iphone?
"Printing--Remote host did not accept data file (32)" What does this mean when the printer STOPS and I see this statement? HELP PLEASE
Instructions tell me to press the "ink button' as step to replace ink cartridge...but I can't find the ink button. Can you tell me where it is ?
I'm getting this message "ip address that was configured is already in use on network". I can't print anymore. How do I resolve? Thanks!
Does your Epson Status (Ink) Monitor work networked? Any tips on getting the Epson Status Monitor (ink level) to work over a network (wired or wireless)?
flatbed copying/scanning: does anyone know if this printer performs/allows flatbed copying/scanning?
Does this include 127 Extra High-capacity ink or regular 126 ink? Epson Web site says the 630 includes 127 ink yet Amazon says it includes 126?
Compatiable with Mac: Does this particular computer function well with a mac?
Does anything work with Empty Ink: If the printer has an empty ink cartridge does it shutdown all the other functions of the printer?
Can it print on CD's and DVD's
Can you print on Card Stock?
Is it possible to scan slides on this printer?
epson 835 vs epson 840? What's the difference?
I already have the Epson Artisan 835 printer, but is there any way I can order the disk (software) that comes with it if I can't find the hard copy ?
MacBook Pro OSXLion with Epson 835: Does anyone who has a MacBook with OSX Lion had problems with set up or performance with the Epson Artisan 835?
If you need to scan a large book, can you completely remove the scan cover to lay the book flat or does it only hinge open?
how to set up wifi
does this printer reduce and enlarge when used as a copier?
Does it come with a template I can use with MS Word
Anyone have the link to the template?
Are the labels permanent or removable?
Is it wood or metal? Howard
what is the size?
Can they be stacked on top of one another?
size
Does this filing cabinet lock?
Is it big enough to us a mouse?
My laptop overheats and shuts down if I work with it on my lap or bed as the vent on the bottom is blocked. Will this product solve this problem?
does this give any cusion to front edge of laptop as my hands rest on those corners in bed and it is making my palms especially left one very sore?
can i use this to work sudoko while laying back in dialysis chair?
Can this desk itself heat up if a laptop on it is used heavily for a long time or does it dissipate the heat away from the unit as a whole?
Is it possible to use this lap desk to write on with loose leaf paper? Or is the surface too curved to accommodate the paper flatly?
Photos illustrating its use show it both hard side up, and cushion side up. Which is better, or, how do you choose which surface to use?
I have a 17" Dell inspirion will this fit on this desk?
How much does it raise the laptop? is 2.4 inches at the peak height?
what are the dimensions?
should I get the 15 inch or 17 inch?
is it good to use for writing and grading papers
What can I do to repair the rubber stopper at the bottom of the desk that has come off.
Does the cart itself have something at the bottom, is there a whole at the bottom or does it have something for the liner to sit on?
does the Kennedy Shopping cart come insulated?
Is the handle telescopic or stationery?
How tall is the handle? I'm 5'9" and do not care to bend over to pull the cart.
What are the dimensions of ONLY the bag? (The 'ruler' picture is unreadable.)
how can I get a replacement wheel for one that is cracked?
The fabric frame looks wonderfully rectangular. Does it have thin metal framing on the inside of the cart or is the framing solely on the outside?
Would the smaller pouch on the front hold a 17" laptop?
The dimensions say this bag is 3 inches deep but that can't be. How much this can hold? How many shopping bags full of groceries?
is there a way to lock the wheels on?
Will this work in Volkswagen Golf VI?
will this item work (mount) in 2012 Toyota Camry?
will this item work (mount) in 2012 Toyota Camry?
Will poor quality toner damage my printer
I just replaced the toner and it keeps coming up with a message that it needs to be replaced and only has 50 copies left. Is there anything I can do to get rid of this message? Does it really only last a week with a minimum amount of printing?
what is the yield per toner
I purchased from you and another company at the same time. They arrived together. Is yours packaged in a sealed black bag?
Has anyone had trouble with paper jamming after installing this cartridge? Solutions?
will it fit a P1006
will this cartridge fit HP Laserjet M1212nf MFP?
Is this from Battery1inc.?
The roller on the toner cartridge is leaving black streaks on the paper. The first few prints were fine, but I can't get the black streaks cleaned.
Do you have CE285AX?
Does this pen work on ipads?
anyone know if one of these will work on an intuos4 tablet?
Will this work with the CTL470?
Does this work with the CTL480
what is the thickness in mil.?
How far apart are the spikes on the bottom of the mat, and how long are the spikes?
Hi - I want to put a frig on carpet ? would this be a good product to lie underneath? if no suggestions? responses greatly appreciated
Does this arrive rolled up or flat?
Do your chair wheels slide when using this mat?
Are the edges beveled?
Is the mat shipped flat or rolled?
How does this mat compare with the one for 1/4" carpets as far as the thickness and prong length?
How long are the knobs/cleats/spikes for the plus carpet? Also, are the ends of the knobs round or pointed?
I have a very heavy oak antique office chair with 4 caster legs and metal bumpers. I would say the chair weighs 40 lbs. Would this matt work for me?
simple question: Which way is up?
Does it work on Carpet?
Has anyone used this mat on carpet ?
Does the lip account for 10" of the 48" total? In other words, what are the dimensions without the lip?
Can it be cut with a pair of scissors to make it fit better in a particular area?
Can anyone tell me the size of the lip on the 48 x 36 mat ?
Is there an odor with the item?
how easy is it for a chair to glide on the rough side surface? I'm asking since other mats I have tried were way to slippery.
I have fake wood in my apartment. I got an area rug, but my problem is that the wheels of my chair won't go from the wood over the rug.will this help?
The tag says rough side up, this seems backwards, can someone explain? Anyone tried the other way?
Does this paper fit the Ingenico Ict250?
Does it work for Verifone omni 5100
does the pape fit verifone vx520
Does this paper work on the hypercom T7PLUS?
does this paper work for Verifone VX570?
does this paper work for Verifone VX570?
does this fit first data fd 50
Does this paper work with the Xion 20 credit card machines?
Are these simple ply?
does this work for royal register that uses thermal paper?
is this a high yield or just 2200 copies
I am looking for a CE320A cartridge for a LaserJet Pro CM1415FNW. The CM1415FNW only shows up under LaserJet. Will this work with the LaserJet Pro?
I am looking for an HP OEM cartridge, yours says "Genuine Ink and Toner from Canon" Cannon???
what is the yield (number of copies) of the cartridge
is it compatible with laser jet Cp1525 nw color?
Is this the same as the DELL 113X 2MMJP?
can this be shipped same day or next
Your compatible toner does not fit to my Dell 1130 printer. My printer shows a red light with your toner. Can you tell me why this happen?
My Dell 1133 does not seem to recognize this toner. I put it in and it still says "Install toner." Has anyone had this problem and fixed it?
Will it work for a Dell1135n laser printer?
how many pages will this cartridge print?
Will this work in a Dell B1265DFW printer. I can't tell from the write-up?
According to Erotron's website and P/N: 33-341-200, it states the newer version supports 24" monitors and as large as 26". Is this the newer model?
Do you think this could be safely installed on a glass top desk or what type desk top would work best?
Trying to fit this in front of some desk furniture. What is the depth of the setup once it has been installed (including when in standing mode)?
Can it be used for an iMac?
Is there any way to adjust the vertical angle of the monitors? By default, the angle in toward the viewer slightly, but not enough for wide screen mon
Can you convert this from dual to single monitor?
how will this work with a tall person (6'-6")?
How deep does the clamp go? My desk has an angled lip that extends about an inch and a half deep.
How much are the monitors able to be angled? I like to have mine slightly angled towards each other so they can fit without having to remove a shelf
I'm 6'5" tall. Can the monitor be raised to my eye level?
Can the Doxie produce editable text ie for Word?
What different formats can you save the files? jpeg? Does it have basic photo editing software?
Does it scan and save multiple page documents? Does it feed pages?
I have a ton of magazine pages I'd like to scan -- will this handle those without crunching them up?
Can this machine copy old photos?
I am buying it mostly for my business receipts,. Do I need to scan or can I feed small items like cash register receipts?
Does this product connect via bluetooth to an iphone? Does it need a laptop computer in order to function or can it run on USB power from a 12V?
is this compatible with quick books?
Is this WIA compatible scanner ?
Does this work with windows 8?
Is this compatible with Dentimax office software? Does it even need dental software to run? Can it create a lone bmp file?
can you copy a panorex xray with this machine?
Can I scan a single film into computer &amp; then print it with my laser printer to send copy to insurance co?
Are instructions included to upload the duplicated radiographs into Dentrix? Are the duplications able to be displayed as a full mouth xray set?
I'm assuming this will allow me to scan and upload to patient files in our Open Dental software?..
Where can I find the Windows 7 driver? It is not included on the CD.
We purchased this scanner in the Windows XP days. Now we only have Windows 7 and cannot find a driver, where can I download it?
i have purchased this unit from you and the little tray fell out of it and cracked , do you have replacement trays?
can this be used with regular size #2 film xrays?
Will this work on 64 bit systems?
can you scan to your PC
Only Wireless? Is wireless the only way to print on this product~or can it be plugged in via a usb port mor printer cable....
can you fax on this printer
this will be compatible with pentium 3?
Does this print directly on CDs/DVDs? The filter panel was set to search for CD printing, but the descriptions did not list that on any printer.
Am also having printer &amp; ink failure,I turn it off &amp; on severally &amp; just ordered for new cartridges. Can someone advise on what to do?
is the seat leather or nylon
what is the height off the ground for the seat?
Bought this last yr and gas cylinder won't lift my chair anymore. I found this for a replacement.(Rolland Office Chair Gas Lift Cylinder) Is it ok?
What part of the chair is actually metal?
Just got this Chair in my house but there was no instruction on how to build it did anyone get instruction on how to put it together?
Chair owners who've had this chair for over a year, how is the chair now?
What is the rated weight limit on this chair?
Anyone know were can oi get replacement legs for this the garbage chair broke after 5 days?
What is the height of the Arms off the floor? And it's overall width? I ask because I'd like to tuck it under my desk when not in use.
The chair is shipped disassembled?, or ready to use?. If sent disassembled, what are the dimensions of the package? thanks
What material is the chair made out of, leather or padded fabric.
the bottom base where the wheels are snapped in half! did this happen to anyone else?
when i lean back on the chair it makes a wood breaking sound is this normal?
what is the padding of this chair made out of?
How high is the top of the seat off the floor when it is at its lowest position?
What is the weight limit specification of the chair?
I am 5'6" and I wonder if the back of the chair will support my neck if I am leaning back? Side view of chair seems like the top back leans in?????
Does printer work with newest operating system 8.1
I am looking for a dedicated printer for printing on fabric. Has anyone purchased this for that purpose?
Will it print "back to front"?
can it only print with a black cartrige installed
How can I get it to scan to either of our laptops?
I keep getting an error message when trying to scan a document into an email on my Mac. Any advice?
can it fax
can it print cardstock?
does this printer allow usage of off brand ink? Would you recomend it for art work?
does this printer allow for printing on legal size paper?
I want to use these pens to draw names on plastic wine glasses for a wine tasting party. Is the paint permanent or will it wash off the plastic glass?
Can you use these to draw names / write words on an acrylic painting?
Are these water proof? I want to decorate a nalgene water bottle, will they work?
Can you bake these onto glass so that you can put these on the top rack of the dishwasher?
What can be used to remove the paint marker from glass once it has dried?
Can you use these to paint designs on rocks?
How long will the color last on a label that is outside 24/7?
I'm making a wooden sign and I'm considering these markers instead of hand painting all the letters. It will be over a coat of paint. Ease&amp;durability?
Will these work on ceramic tiles? Does it have to be baked?
I am trying to find something that will write smoothly on felt, would these work and look nice or will they bleed too much? Thanks :)
does any of you know a CIS system for HP d110. it uses HP60 cartrige
can i use it on hp d110_
I've read that tubes may pinch with printer cover and may block ink flowing correctly. Is it possible?
Does this work with the HP 4580 Printer, which i believe uses the 60 xl cartridge ??
toner?
Can this MFC be used with a Mac &amp; a PC?
did Brothers correct inkleak problem?
Are all brother printers crap, or just this one. Mine lasted 16 months then stopped printing black. Repeated cleaning did not help.
Model DCP-7065DN only has START and STOP buttons...no GO button. What do I do to extend time on original toner when it says it is low?
I desperately need a packing slip. There was not one enclosed, and my school district that I work for is demanding one. How do I get ahold of one?
When does it expires?
For some reason this new cartridge is smaller than the previous included cartridge and doesn't seem to fit in my HL-2270-DW printer. Any suggestions?
Is there a way to set the printer to print more pages to get the best use of the toner? I only got 500 pages out of the one that came with the printer
Hello, can't this high-yield cartridge to work. I keep getting toner and error messages. I've tried the method of hitting "Go" that didn't work. I know this is the write cartridge for this Printer. Thanks.
Is this plug and play? Do you have to fuss with settings on machine? Thank's
replacement wheel for stroller
does this toner work in the 2270DW models?
I have bought a new brother printer (HL-2280 DW) a month ago, I have not even printed 200 pages, I get a "Toner Low" message, why is this so?
In the description, it says this item works with the MFC-7860DW printer, but in the drop down menu it says it does not.. which one is it?
It says "retail packaging." Does this mean it is new or that it is refurbished with nice packaging?
I have the Brother HL2240D and I have noticed a small amount of fading in places - does this mean that I need a new drum?
Is this all 4 drum units or just one unit?
The drum is working fine (no lines, no fading), why do I have to replace it?
The TN450 toner cartridge I recently purchased simply does not fit into my new DR420 drum unit, Am I overlooking something?
Is it really necessary to replace the drum when the machine says so or is there some way to postpone it. I have about 30,000 pages on my printer.
Will this drum work with the HL-2280DW printer?
Is this an authentic Brother replacement drum?
Hi, will hp brother printer intellifax 2940 printer work for this drum?
Do these have any expiration date?
Brother toner TN 450 and TN 420 look exactly alike. What is the difference?
Does the TN 450 work on the MFP7860DW? (TN420 is specified.)
retail packaging
Is this the DRUM or the TONER, it states TONER but the picture and part number is for the DRUM?
what is retail packaging?
I have a DR420 -- do I have to buy another DR420 or can I buy the TN420 -- and is it difficult to insert if I decide to do that --- Originally, wh
how many pages print
How many copies can a Brother TN420 toner make?
how many pages is it good for?
should I even bother to ask? Does it work with windows 8?
Would this fit into my big suitcase to use as a portable printer? Does it work with Windows 7?
does is make copies of documents?
Dimensions,,with paper in it-heigth etc.
Compatible with Windows 7: Anybody know?
mac compatible?
Is this printer compatible with Windows 8?
How can I double-page print with it?
We do not have wireless internet. Can I connect the HP 1400 with a cable to my computer?
when this printer is not used for 3 months Should I remove the ink cartridges from HP deskjet 1000 before I go to prevent problems
Can this print from my I Pad !! the HP Support center said yes, but I was told for the Desk jet 1000 that I had to return as is NOT compatible
I'm 70 y.o, and I've never owned a printer, I'm not that high tech either. I have an older Dell Dimension e521 desktop, is this printer compatible?
Does this printer allow one to print in reverse order (so I can print checks)?
does it work as a copier
Is this printer compatable with windows 8?
Chromebook: Does anyone know if this is compatible with chromebooks or google cloud print?
Windows 7: Will this work with Windows 7?
does it scan
Can the MG8120 scan when ink cartridges are empty? Does anyone know if a similar restriction applies to the MG8120?
has anyone tried printing on fabric with this printer? I bought paper backed fabric that is supposed to work in an ink-jet printer.
Can this printer print on heavy cardstock?
can you purchase and replace the print head on this model Canon Pixma MG8120. Purchased in 2011
Can it fax
Does it fax
Does This Printer Work With 3rd Party Ink? Has anyone tried 3rd party ink in this printer?
Is there a way to print to this printer from my iPad?
Can this printer be set to automatically print black &amp; white when running Mac OS X?
Can a new print head unit be purchased for the MG8120? If so, is it easy to (owner) install or should I start shopping for a new printer
Is there a trick to not running out of ink every time we use it? We don't even print color, but the color cartrdges run out.
Q
Does MG6120 have OCR capability?
can yoy switch to one sided printing
Every time I turn around I see PIXMA MG6120 Wireless. I presently have a PIXMA MG6120. Does that mean mine is wireless also?
I have a MG6120 now and it went caputt. will my ink cartridge's work on a new MG6120?
Can you use cover stock in this printer?
Why have our prints coming out ewith a very pink tinge
does it convert 35 mm slides to digital images?
can it print 8x10 pictures?
Can you see through the black glass, or is it simply glass painted black? I want to put a light under the glass to mimic a simple light box table.
Can this desk be separated into two desk by removing the corner piece? Will it stand alone and what are the dimensions of the two separate desks?
What is the width of the keyboard tray? Can it be mounted under the longer desktop?
Is there enough room for a keyboard and mouse on the retrackable keyboard board?
Can this be assembled as 2 pieces sans middle piece? I have a 30 degree wall.
Is there any placement for cables - like a hole to easily route the wires?
What is the overall desk height. Floor to the main desk top. Is the glass painted? If the glass is scratched will it leave a clear line behind.
What is the depth of the two desktops? I want to understand the actual surface space I have to work with on each desktop....
What is the height from the floor to the bottom support bar? I want to put a file cabinet under it and wanted to know if it will fit.
How is the glass darkened? Tinted from the top? I'm getting rid of my wooden desk purely because of the scratching.
Is this compatible to an iPad?
The printer carriage stalls during printing. I have gone through a reset and it still stalls. It acts like it's getting stuck during the middle.
How do you fix the ADF (auto document feeder)?
HP Officejet Pro 8500A Premium Wireless e-All-in-One (CM758A#B1H) Does this printer automatically copy on both sides of a document as in full duplex copying and printing.
Are Inkjet Cartridges Include with the HP Officejet Pro 8500A Premium Wireless e-All-in-One (CM758A#B1H) Are inkjet cartridges included in the $239.99 price?
Is this HP61 cart combo pack genuine HP? From reviews, it seems people got a generic or other brand. Currently listed at $28.25 via Sophia, AMZ PRIME
Does this ink catridge work with HP Deskjet 1000?
Does this fit the desk jet 2540?
I purchased this cartridge combo at Target and it worked fine in my HP Envy 4500. But Amazon is telling me it won't work in my printer.
does it work in a wireless HP Officejet 4630?
why does this one say it doesn't work w/HP Envy 4500 when that's the tag I have from the printer?
Please tell me the difference between 61and 61X L
works for hp 1000 j110a?
will this work for a hp deskjet 3051A
Is HP 61 Black Ink waterproof-- I will be using it to print checks. Thank you.
Is there just the bottom tray (8 1/2 x 11) and the photo tray, or is there supposed to be a tray on top of the photo tray/did I lose a tray/packedaway
Eventhough I pluged in and i see light on the adapter, the printer never turns on?
Will this printer include download software for my Apple MacBook Pro?
how fast does it print
WHAT MEMORY CARDS WILL THIS PRINTER SUPPORT?
scanner quit working. printer tells me to start scan from computer. computer doesn't recognize scanner. How do I fix?
how to do 2-sided copying on a photosmart premium e-all-in-one C310 series
How to clean printhead?
Are the printheads good? Is the ink good? Are all original parts, matertials, cables, included?
I've an HP Officejet Pro 8500A Plus wireless e-ALL-IN-ONE PRINTER even I put new ink the printing is not clear, what is the problem how can i fix it
How do I get this thing to print in B&amp;W if i'm out of color cartridges?
I have had this printer a while hooked up with USB to my desk top. Now went wireless and it does not show as an AirPrint printer on iPad. HELP PLEASE
is it compatable with OSX10.9.2
Photos: Does this printer print all sizes of photos or just 4 x 6 as the specs say?
does not print
Will this printer accept size as small as a personal check?
AIRPRINT
Is this item easy to use? It works with 110 vol or AAA batteries?
Is this item battery operated?
Is the bulb covered with the lifetime warranty??
new $100 ready?
Does it works with the new 100 dollar bill? the softly blue one...
What type of bulb does the uv part use? Can you buy them anywhere?
I need to buy replacement barbs for this tagger but cant seem to find them. Has anyone else bought them...if so, where?
USE for quilting, 6 pieces of cotton squares pinned together, an i choose 1/2" barbs?
I just purchased this item, but am trying to find out how long the included barbs are? Product info just lists that 1000 are included...
Can this product be used for shadow box mounting of sports clothing items?
How big are the tags that come with it?
Can you tell me the size of the needle?
What is the length of the barbs that come with the tagging gun? It does not say.
Is it possible to purchase this kit with 3/4 inch barbs? The consignment sale I am preparing for requires 3/4 inch barbs.
What color are the barbs? Clear or red?
What sizes of barbs are contained in the kit?
Does it sort out different bills as it counts?
Does this add the new US $100 bills and also check for Counterfiet?
What happens if you feed a stack with multiple denominations (mix of $20, $10, $5 and $1 bills)? We don't need the count; we need the total amount.
DO i have to purchase the PGI-220BK (thick one) separately in addition to the color (MCY and B) or this includes all 5 types of cartidges for MP620?
What does Non-OEM inkjet mean?
Can anybody verify these cartridges will work on a MP620?
do these cartridges have chip installed?
How long can these stays stored? I dont go through that much ink, and I hate ordering it a couple times a year. Will the other cartridges stay good?
does it work fine with Canon Pixma MP560?
Does these also work with the PIXMA MX 870
I received this ink yesterday. I replaced big black this morning and it is saying the ink tank can't be recognized.I have a Canon MP620. Any idea why?
Do these work on MX920?
Hey, huh are those inks or not? because i'm doubt before i buy them
what does oem stand for?
It is my understand that NON OEM can damage the printing heads, is this true? Has anybody had this problem after prolonged use?
does it have the chips in each cartiage
Can they be used with other NON OEM cartridges?
does these include the chip and guranteed not too leak?
Feedback seems to indicate that these work fine in some Canon printer models, but maybe not all. Has anyone tried these in a Pixma ip4700?
Can you scan more than one card at a time?
does this support 64 bit on windows?
How can I find out if this product works for Mac computers?
Does this work for Mac?
Will this work with ACT?
Is the display powered by electric or batteries?
Does this phone have a wall mount?
Can you dial the number before you pick the handset up?
Do you have to use the remote to operate the phone, or is this optional?
Does it have a speaker?
Does this phone have a jack for a headset?
does this phone have an answering machine and booster button?
Weight calibration? How can I do this without spending too much money?
If we do not use a battery, will this need to be calibrated every time we plug it in?
What type of battery does it use?
My scale came with no instructions--like how do I change it from kg to lb.
Can it weigh under an ounce? International letters can't be more than 1 oz.
Can this item be shipped to a PO box? From the date of purchase to date of delivery, how long will it be?
Is this scale pretty accurate for weighing items that are less than 1 lb? (Would it accurately weigh clothes, for example)?
It says colors may vary. What colors are available?
will a 8 week old puppy fit on it
LED light/screen going out? Has anyone else had trouble with the light/screen on their scale going out?
Does it work with EPSON TMU220?
Is it made in USA
Are these individually wrapped in plastic?
I have Epson M188B and I just wanted to make sure it will work with my printer. Thank you so much
is it bleck/red or purole?????????????
Is this board designed for daily use as in a classroom setting?
Is the chalkboard magnetic?
Can the chalkboard be mounted vertically rather than horizontally?
How heavy is it?
How thick is the board? I am wanting to insert it in my panelling on the wall for a playroom.
Is this an old fashioned black board or is the black board have a gloss to it?
Is the board a slate-lilke surface on a hardboard/composite wood? I am wanting to remove the frame and cut the board so any wood would do.
Can you use chalkboard markers on this board and if you use them do you still need to season the board with regular chalk like one review stated?
Is this chalkboard magnetic?
Can you hang the board on a wall or is it a "stand-alone" kind?
Can this chalkboard be hung vertically? I can't tell by the picture if there's a chalk ledge on this board.
How many pages will you get?
To get it to work with my HP Officejet 4500 Wireless I need an alternative to the "Paper Select" button in the instructoins.
how many pages will it print
The listing says this chair is black, but it says brown in the description below.... which color is it? THANK YOU everyone for your helpful answers!
Is the price for one or two, like it shows in the picture?/
Which is the length and depth or the numbers 31X30?
What is the seat height of this chair?
Is it soft and comfortable to sit in?
how high, wide, deep is this club chair?
the dimensions are listed as 31x30x 28. I assume the 28 is the height, yes?
The wall space where I would place this cabinet is approx. 24-26 inches wide and I would need a depth not much more than 12 inches deep. I read the dimensions listed but wanted the opinion of people who actually have the cabinet.
What are the dimensions of the inside of the hamper section?
Is the hamper removable?
What are the demensions?
What is the demension of this cabinet?
What is the width of the left side and the width of the right door? Are they equal, half total width?
How about them windows?
Does this fit 36" doors? product description says 18"
Does this work well on carpeted floors?
How well does it sound proof?
My door is only about 1 3/4 " thick and 31 3/4" wide. Will this fit fine on it?
does this help with soundproofing? Im trying to soundproof my dorm room from noisy hallmates and Im wondering if this will work.
Will this work on an exterior door, like my front door to the cold outside?
How often do you have to clean this product?
I am considering this for a standard inside door measuring 30" to keep my new kitten from pawing under the door at night. Will it fit a 30" door?
Do you have to drill the clips into the door to support the EZ Glide?
What are the inner dimensions of the two top drawers?
Will it support a 23 pound printer?
Can this be purchsed fully assembeled?
What color is the finish? It looks a little darker than I was hoping for but the same set on another site looks lighter.
When hanging legal folders in bottom drawer, do they hang side-to-side or front-to-back? Does the drawer pull out far enough to access all folders?
What is the exact height including wheels?
Is the bottom drawer configured to hang folders or is a seperate drop-in hanger required?
Are the drawer slides metal or plastic? Same question for the roller.
What are the dimensions without the casters?
What are the dimensions including the casters?
Other companies sell toner that works in TN250 AND TN450. So it seems they use the same toner BUT..This says TN250 but NOT 450. Does it work in TN450
How much powder goes into a TN 430 cartridge?. I have an authentic Brother cartridge, and it says 'Cont. Net. 135g,' is that correct the correct amoun
can i use this kit to refill tn-210?
I replaced all ink cartriges. Black wasn't working before and still isn't. I've cleaned the printhead 6 times. Still no printing in black. Help
Does software come with this printer. Thanks
Is there a dust cover for the 6500Aplus machine
How do you turn off the ads/commercials on the LCD?
how to scan picture to my computer: i bought this all in one printer a few days ago, it can't scan picture to my computer (window 7), would you like to tell me how to fix it?
Does it come with ink? I really would like to know: Does it come with ink?
Can employees us the last 4 digits of their SS number as their entry codes?
wee lost power over the weekend and the unit will not come back on? What to do?
manual corrections
Do you have to be on the same network to access time cards or can it be accessed through any computer/internet by just using the IP address?
whatif you forget to clock in
Does to system track in military time and does it allow carry over from the previous days punch in.
If this is plugged into a PC, does it create a file that can be accessed by the operator?
can you do employees with 5 days of 8 hour shifts as well as employees with 4 days of 10 hour shifts
Does it accrue and track used PTO and Sick leave
is this software compatible with Windows 8?
IS WIRELESS/
Is this a color printer?
I want a printer that I can print with my iPad or iPhone , plus need a copier &amp; scanner. Would this be a good choice for the $
Can I feed 110# card stock thru the printer?
How is the scanning quality and speed on this machine? Can you save scans to a PDF?
Does anyone know how many pages per cartridge?
Will this work with Linux OS distributions?
Will this printer scan a multiple page document in pdf format using the document feeder and save it where I can later attach it to an email?
Can you scan directly to email?
?Does it have a Scanning function?
I would like to know if this item is compatible with a Polycom VVX 500? it requires a 48VDC -380mA. Thanks. Craig
Is this power supply compatible with a Polycom VVX 300?
Is this power supply manufactured by Polycom?
Would these hold magazines, photos, and comics? one per.
Are these usable for instructions manuals that come with products? Assume maximum thickness of 1/2 an inch.
Anyone know approximately what sort of volume these hold. i.e 1qt, 1(1/2)qt, etc...?
I want to use these to pack mini cleansing {soap, lotion, toothpaste, etc.} bags to hand out to the homeless, will these be good to use?
These bags don't melt if I insert a fresh made cotton Candy? Does it stick to the bag?
This 9x12 ziploc is exactly what I want. But I do not have need of 100. Any smaller packages?
will these work as shrink wrap? can I use a heat gun and shrink these bags to protect a book for shipping?
Can these be used to mail items through the USPS?
Can I store small items of clothing? Will they seal as well as more expensive zip locks - for a camping trip to keep out dust.
Two questions: 1) are they suitable for storing homemade granola and similar food stuff? 2) how many cups would 1 bag hold? 3) would they stand when f
What is the internal size of the bag? 3x4 or is it really 3x5
Are these and all your other bags FDA approved
Are these good for small candy bags at a candy bar?
are these bags polypro?
Is the enclosed space 1.5" x 2" excluding the zip portion?
Would this work to store SD Cards? Thank You
could I fit 3 AAA batteries in them?
would these fit inside a standard easter egg? (I am planning on putting goodies into them for my niece and nephew!)
Do these bags have an offset lip? That is, are the top edges offset?
Is this good for storing electronic components ?
is the zip part clear or red
Would these hold two teaspoons of powder mixture (dry homemade facial masque)?
Are these leakproof? Can I hold liquid in them without spillage?
This listing states it is for 1000 bags, but the picture clearly indicates 100 bags. Which is it?
what kind of usb is used to connect the laptop to the stand?
What is the width between the legs? I would like to sit in bed crosslegged and use this, but it would have to be pretty wide - 23-24 inches
Could someone please give me the over all width of table? I see in post it says 25 1/2" and in comments below some one said only 22"...
There are two different pictures and different sizees mentioned. Which one comes. One has connected legs and one doesn't
how do you turn on the fan?
Here is what they stated: legs can be set to two different heights, so how high can we extent it max?
I have a 17" alienware laptop which is pretty heavy. I was wondering about much weight it can handle?
will this work with a 17.3 latop screen size?
does this table have 2 legs that r connected side to side or does it have 4 free standing legs
Is there *supposed* to be something that snaps off on both sides when first extending the legs?
the part that goes under the doorbknob is it plastic or rubber
What is the range of expansion?
I'm looking to use this for my large, sliding window. It's about 29" from the wall to the center of the window where it opens. Will this be too large?
will it hold securely on a concrete floor, like in a garage side door. Or will it just slip when pushed?
how much ressure can it withstand?
Was this shipped assembled? I wanted to send this with other gifts to somebody, but I'm trying to figure out if I should send it straight to her house
If someone breaks the upper door window can they disable security bar from above the door knob.
Does this only work on a standard round door knob? I have the door knob that is like a handle.
Would this be adjustable enough to fit snugly above a closed window?
Has anyone tried this with windows or had success with other products with windows?
Can the scanner scan the barcode and then clear the information automatically so I can scan the next bar code without hitting enter?
I bought this scanner but I can not get it loaded, I guess I really don't know how. Can you explaine how to load? Thanks Brenda
I'd like to be able to scan an item into the Search field at Amazon to bring up a product listing. Will this scanner do the job? Thanks in advance!
Does anyone have a link to the manual booklet? I've lost mine and I can't find it online either....
I have a XCEL spreadsheet listing everything in my warehouse. I need to list the barecode number next to the item. Will this scanner do that.
is this scanner able to be configured to automatically add &lt;ENTER&gt; after scanning a barcode?
does it beep when scanned
How do I trouble shoot? I plug the scanner in and it isn't able to provide the bar code.It lights up; the cursor is in the input field.
How to disable the auto-on feature. I just want it to scan when I pull the trigger and that is it.
Does the stand require assembling
Does this come with a stand?
Can this b used as a T.V?
does it have a build in browser (internet explorer)?
hieght
How well would this work for security purposes, such as writing your name/number on valuables to identify later at pawn shops?
Are the pens non-toxic?
Does this damage the paper being written on? I.e. if the item is worth anything more than the pen itself would this hurt the value of the item?
if the batteries are replaceable, how are they replaced?
are these pens colored? like are they blue, purple, green, yellow?
Are these UV lights?
Doc again. how long do the pens last, are they relyable? thanks
are the pens dry
How does shipping cost $4.99 for EACH set of 4 pens? I wanted 4 packages, but shipping costs were over $19.00!
Two of the four pens I ordered had dried ink and the light did not work. Can you send replacement pens?
Does it calculate the total worked hours for each employee?
Language: Hi, does this product has the option Portuguese, for language?
Dose it come with any warranty itself?
i just bought one of these and am extremely disappointed, it wont register but 1 out of 3 people ! this has cost me time and money !
Can the data be downloaded into Quickbooks?
can data be downloaded remotely through WIFI?
Can I mount it on a wall?
Does it need a license key for the software on each computer?
Does the software allow you to manually change the clock in and out times if the employee forgot to clock in or out? Please explain the process.
Windows 8 yes or no? Thanks
Is the yellow the bright yellow or the darker yellow?
what colors
Do these highlighters show up when you copy them with a copy machine?
IPad and iPhone compatible? Is this iPhone and iPad compatible?
Does this printer include ink cartridges? If I buy this printer, does it include a set of b/w and color cartridges?
Will I be able to print from my laptop which has windows xp?
Question on ink requirements: Does this printer required color cartridges to print in black and white?
Does it come with a USB cord if I don't want to use it as a wireless?
Can you print on 5x7 paper?
What is the size of the scanning panel?
how many pages per minute does it print?
HP Deskjet 3050A each time I turn off printer it prints a diagnostic alignment page. Can this be bypassed or turned off?
Is this an AirPrint printer?
How to attach sign to A-Frame I don't find any hooks or clips
Can I velcro the sign instead of screwing it into the frame?
Is there an option for expedited shipping? I need this sign by Monday, and its currently Thursday. Thank you.
How do you weight it down to prevent it from blowing away in the wind?
Can you staple posters to it?
are there a plastic lenses to protect from water or sun damage?
I need printed inserts. 10 or 20 inserts and 10 curb signs, can you give me a quote?
Can you write on this sign with dry erase markers?
How thickness is this?
Are these mailers recyclable?
What size are the envelopes?
outside size? im using 5'x8' shipping label is this envelope big enough for it?
What is the smallest bubble mailer available, I"m looking for 3" x 6" outside dimensions.
is the inside dimension 4x7?
Are these large enough to mail cd's?
How many stamps do these need to send?
quantity for this price?
will dvd or video game case fit in these
Is there some way to hang this calendar....a hook or string on the back?
Can you stick the peices anywhere on the top portion? Or only in specific spots?
I have an advent calendar; can I order some of the pieces that go on it? I've lost several of the animals and baby Jesus
Is this a premade product? Or do I sew the pieces?
What size are the pockets?
Are the pieces labeled with numbers or how do I know which piece to put in which pocket?
Is baby Jesus already on the manger scene? I see there is no 25.
How does this calendar hang on the wall?
THIS PRINTER, PRINT OR NOT DOUBLE LETTER? UP SAYS Double-Sided Printing "NO"
How do you print wireless on the HP 7500A E910a?
Cannot get the color to print: Is this a defect of the printer?
Hi- Can you please measure how large the actual scanner glass is? I keep seeing it prints 13x17 - but how large of a document can I scan? Thx
Does the printer come with full capacity ink/toner cartridges
This printer/scanner quits having compatible scan software after version os x 10.8 for mac users. just an fyi they won't tell you, or will they?
I use the black ink mainly. Am I forced to replace the finished color inks even if I'm using only the black for printing? My old 6500a allowed me to.
How is the fax quality and functionality?
Can this create black and white negatives of art?
I have an Officejet Pro 8500a and need wide format. will this 7500A use the same toner
does this work with quickbooks pro?
does it work with a dymo printer
Will this scan badges at trade shows? Also- does the software allow me to update notes after I scan a badge? Can it export the information to excel?:
Is this a wireless scanner?
Does it require batteries? Does it have to stay attched to anything while scanning?
Will this work with the Samsung Chrome Book?
reviews for samsung SCX4326f printer
work with ML-2525 model?
is this compatible with scs4326FN series
does this weork for the ml-2525
I have purchased 2-replacements the MLT-D105L does not work; the MLT-D105S works perfectlyin my ML2525
can this cartilage works for scx3405w
I recently ran out of ink in my old cartridge and was replacing it with the new one when the sealing tape got stuck and I can't pull it all out
can this cartilage works for scx-4623F??
Why do most people replace their hp 6500A printhead? Was it because it wouldn't print black? Many comments say replacement didn't cure that problem.
Which cable/Wire go with the 6500A printers?
Can any one confirm if this works with the HP 7500A?
is this the same as the HP E710A printhead? when I click on the image another image pops up when trying to place it in the cart. i wante to make sure I get the same Item I am viewing. I don't understand why the picture changes and they do not look the...
Will this work with a 920XL cartridge for a HP6500A Plus?
Heading says for HP 920 Officejet 6000. However, using the "Will this work your printer" gadget it says it is NOT compatible. What is right?
Excellent, unanswered question. Does this work in an HP 6500a Plus printer?
I need this for HP Officejet 7500A, but when I answer "Will This Work with Your Printer?" selecting Brand, Series, and Model, It says NO
this is compatible with Hp Officejet 6500 (E709a)? Thank
can this be used for HP Photosmart 7520
Would these look ok on a Tan (sand color)shirt?
Can i use any printer ?
My heat press isn't transferring the image to the shirts very well or at all, can someone help me with what I might be doing wrong?
Hello, Is this paper for clear textiles? transparent?
So these sheets are the ones you print what you want printed? No cutting out, right?
Can it be applied with a household iron?
Is the free teflon sheet included? I never got the teflon sheet that was promised in the description.
served for white cotton flannel?
I want to print on ribbon, but would want to use my household iron. I would only transfer one 1" x 11" strip at a time.
Can you use a normal household iron for this paper?
can I use this product for Dark Garments ?
Can this be ironed onto Mouse Pads?
Do these work well with a handheld iron?
Will this work on red? Also does it have a white background that you have to trim off?
Does this crack when shirt stretch
Can the door to the box be secured with a lock?
Can the door to the box be secured with a lock?
Will there be sales tax on these boxes? I have a tax exempt for the project we are going to be installing these on.
Do you have 10 of these boxes for sale?
What are the dimensions of this product?
How many bands in a a packet?
how big do these expand to
How many bands in a package?
Has anyone used these to hold the lid on a crockpot while cooking? Looking for a solution to lid with no lock on a westbend.
do i get 785 bands and what color are they
Is this genuine HP product?
experiences with bootleg HP 940XL ink cartridges from Singapore?
What is expiration date?
How many months did these last for you? I do realize that it's by the pages, but I just bought the $13.45 4-pack brand and 1 month later they are empty. So I'm trying to figure out if these would last at least 7.5 months, since they cost 7.5 x as much....
Are the XL cartridges physically larger than the regular? My printer takes a large black and smaller color cartridges.
Very confused: what are the totally number of cartridges? Just 4 cartridges? Or more?
What are the 4 product numbers? I will check compatibility w/ HP
Does this come with a syringe ?
can this work with Canon PG-240? When I opened the ink box, it seems hard to recover the lid. How to make the lid stick to the box?
uses pigment?
How do you get the printer to recognize and accept the refilled cartridge? I have an HP Photosmart 5512 printer....
Will this work on my HP Deskjet 2050 all-in-one?
does this also work for canon pixma?
Does it come with instructions?
Will this work with HP Photosmart C4680 and if so, what are the precautions I should take before doing refilling? Is there any instructions how to do it? (Never have done this sort of thing before) Thanks.
can I use it with my Kodak ESP 3
will this work in an HP 640 fax cartridge?
Does this Zieis 30-lb scale calculate postage as well as weight of the package or letter?
in always on mode does the backlit display stay always lighted?
accuracy
Where is it manufactured (which country)?
mp610
Are these compatible with a Canon PIXMA MP530 printer?
Are these compatable with the MG 5500 pixma unit?
Will these work in Canon MP640R?
Are these compatable with a Canon Pixma 2520
Will this work in my canon MP620 printer and how is the print quality?
Do they work in canion MP560?
221 vs 250 cartridge
mx860
do these have the chip?
My toner LINKYO&reg; Compatible Brother TN360 Black Toner Cartridge, and I wonder if I can use this refill for this cartridge, too. Thanks in advance! :)
I lost the directions. Is there another way to get them online for a Brother HL-2170 laser printer, TN360?
Is this compatible for toner TN2060 for HL2130 Printer
Is the refill toner powder or liquid?
Do i really need reset flag gear for tn360 come with the printer?
Compatible with Samsung: This is just ink right?
I know the item description lists compatible printer models, but I'd like to hear from customers what models they had &amp; if the ink worked or not?
What is the difference between a cartridge that ends in "wn" and "w" in the same numbered cartridge?
i only print documents never used them for photos how will these cartridges hold up?
It may print well, but do you get the same quanity of prints as an original HP cartridge?
Does it have a headset jack for external headphones?
Are these phones unlocked and will they work with Ring Central? Any thing else additional I need to buy with these phones? Thanks!
Does this phone work with Vonage Business? And can the soft keys or any other keys on the phone be used for one touch speed dial keys?
Can this phone be used with uverse voip?
Is the power adapter 110V only? My country uses 220V.
Can you power these with standard POE?
Can the phones be used as an intercom amongst each other?
does it have voicemail
Does phone work with ooma voip system
is this phone has music on hold
does this work with canon mx870
Does this include 10 ink cartridges as shown in the picture?
Do they work with canon pixma MX870?
Are these cartridges compatible with Canon MP560 printers?
Do cartridges work with Canon Mp640 models?
I get error message ink cartridge cannot be recognised. Any ideas on what I should do?
Are they compatible with canon pixma ip 3600?
does this work on the Canon PIXMA MP610?
I ordered these before my MX 870 printer died and have never used them. Will they also work on the MX922?
DO THESE CARTRIDGES WORK WITH THE CANON MP640 printer? Thanks1
when the product expires ?
Can they work fine in HP 2800 printer? Are they guarantee?
Will these work in my hp inkjet 500
Does this replacement cartridge fit my HP Business Inject 1200 Printer?
will this Ink cartridge work in my HP Business Inkjet 1200 printer?
What size is the outside of the case?
Can this be used outside?
What are the dimensions of the Open sign with wine cup/lemon?
How long is the power cord?
Does the sign have a pull chain that can be used to turn the sign on/off? I need to hang the sign around 10 ft high and having a pull chain in require
Is it only compatible with 110 power, or is it compatible with non-US voltage (100-240)? Thanks!!
different paper: Can you use card stock or heavier paper with this copier?
If I only want to use this as a copier, do I still have to connect it to a computer?
Can it print pages from an open book?
can this print out in colors?
How much for the consumables with this machine? Toner cartridge? Are they available?
Does it have the enlarge/reduce size function? What is the size of the platen glass?
Can you scan without hooking up to a computer ie a USB flash drive?
I cannot get this to scan under Win8.1. Reinstalling drives does not help. Any advice? Someone had and solved the issue?
can you top feed to collate
Can you install a feeder tray to this copier? Thanks, tony
(One each: PG-40BK, CL-41Clr) 2 Pack What does it mean. Does it mean one pack of 2 or I get two pack of 2 for the price?
My printer, bought in Central America, is a MG 3510 Pixma. Its cartridges are PG141 &amp; CL140. Is there any other Canon cartrdige ink model compatible?
Do these work for Canon Pixma MX472? I can't seem to find the right cartridges for this printer!
IS THIS PACK COMPATIBLE WITH CANON MP210?
Is this the ink for the Canon MP 470?
Is this pack compatible with the Canon MP 190?
Does the black ink cartridge take the place of the photo ink cartridge? Right now I have a CL41 &amp; a 52 in my printer
I have MX310 printer it doesn't work refile I want make sure it 's Genuine Inkjet cartridge is it?
Is this desk solid hardwood, or is it wood veneer? Thanks...
Did I miss something, or are the dimensions of this desk not listed anywhere??
I want to put a file cabinet under it and not sure if it will clear it, what is height from floor to the start of the wood with the draw, thank you
What is the width of the keyboard tray when it is opened? I'm looking to fit both a keyboard and mouse inside.
Is the color of the desk in the picture the actual color? Or does it vary?
Is the back of the desk finished?
Is there a chair available to match?
Could you tell me the dimensions of top of desk?
How tall it is from the floor to the bottom of the drawer and how wide it is from the inside of one leg to the inside of the other (midway up)?
Does the drawer's fold-down front function well as a keyboard tray?
Where do we buy the sealing tape?
I am looking to buy the "spindle" that goes in this unit and holds the tape roll. Is it sold separately?
how do i load the tape
Are replacement spings available? I have had a few of these sealers and the spings eventually gives way.
Is that really a 5th step or just a platform for paint cans, etc.?
How far off the floor is the top step when the ladder is opened?
I need an 8ft light weight ladder or one with wheels for easy transport. Any suggestions.
What is the depth of this ladder when closed?
What is the weight limit?
Can someone tell me the height of the 3rd step from the floor?
How much does polder ladder weigh.
The feet seem to slip on my hardwood floor. Has anyone figured out how to make the feet non-slip?
What is the weight limet for the five step Polder Ultra light Aluminum ladder?
Does anyone know how "thick" this ladder is when closed?
HI, does the seat raise higher for tall people in order to give more room between the knee and butt?
The description states that the knee height is adjustable. Is this in addition to the seat height adjustment? If so, how is the knee height adjusted?
Good for 5'0" people? Has it helped anyone with hyperlordosis?
Does the chair come fully assembled?
I have a high desk. I need a kneeling stool that has a seat at least 27" high. Is there such a thing?
Is there a weight limit
Does this chair swivel so it is easier to get out of? My current chair does and I just realized that this feature is important to me.
I've read that padding on the kneeling section is thin. Is the cover on that area removable so additional padding can be added?
Does the chair come fully assembled?
I have a 29" height desk (non-standard) - will chair lower enough for proper arm/computer typing?
How do I turn off voicemail?
I have trouble with my phone, the signal indicates that the phone can not get connected with the base, what can I do? Fabio Trujillo B
calls from PC to this Sky-Phone is free? To make calls from PC to this Sky-Phone is free of charge?
Does this printer work well with Windows 7?
Is this model MF4570DN AUTO DUPLEX COPY &amp; PRINTING
where can i get the manual for the cannon mf4570dn
fast start
Is this printer wifi capable?
Are these purchased individually or are they in packs of several? If they are in packs, how many boxes are in a pack?
Is this product the Sterilite 1729 supply box?
Does this have a hinged top?
What are its demendions?
Why does the description say 'invitation cards' and not 'thank you' for the 100 cards?
do these cards open up?
Can you use regular first-class postage to mail this? Or does it require extra postage?
Does this pack come with envelopes?
How thick is the card stock? How many lbs? Thanks!
What is the dimensions of the card and the dimensions of the envelope?
What paper size setting should I use so I can print my message inside? Or is there a template?
What color are the words "Thank you" on the card? White, silver or another color?
Is anything printed on the back of the thank you note ?
Do you think that these cards would work well as Thank You notes for professors?
What is the difference between this and vellum paper?
How thick is this paper? Is it comparable to traditional transparency paper or thicker?
how thick is it and is it good for folding origami
Can you write on this paper with a marker or does the waxy surface prevent it?
is this paper or a plasitc sheet. i want to use a elmers glue and i want to know will that paper accept the glue
Can I use a 2.25-Inch Paper Punch for these buttons?
Can you use this machine to make magnets also?
Good afternoon, please where is the machine made?
One answer says you can use any 2 1/4" button parts another says no. Which answer is correct?
my button maker will not press the pin back on to make a button
Are the presses interchangeable to make different size buttons?
Can you order more button parts from them? Or where do you get more supplies?
What size is the box?
Can you use fabric without the mylar layer instead of paper to make the button? Thanks!
Hey. I need this board to be able to paste a piece of sketching paper to it, draw, and take it anywhere. Would it work for that?
How thick is this material? Is it suitable for making templates for a wood router to follow?
Want to use this board to stretch watercolor paper will it warp from the water ?
I need 200 hats. Is it $7 per hat??????? Or is it $7 for x amount of hats?
I need 75 by next Monday? Is that possible?
Is it $7 for just one hat?
does it have an elastic back or a snap back?
I have a Kodak 5250 all-in-one printer. Is this print head for this printer?
Will this printhead fit my Kodak EasyShare 5500
will this printhead fit my esp9?
Does this work with kodak 3aio
I have a hero 5.1 and ESP 7250 that both use 10C and 10B Cartridges. Does the same printhead fit both machines
Does this fit esp 3250?
Does this work with Kodak ESP-3 AIO?
Hi , will this printhead fit in kodak 1200i if so do you have the full set ?
I have a Kodak ESP 3250 All-in-one printer. Will this print head work for my printer?
how do I clean the printhead on my Kodak printer
Can someone with a Canon MP280 share their experience?
does it have the indicator chip
Several tries and hours working on it, my printer (Canon PIXMAA MX 340) won't recognize the cartridge at all - any unpublished suggestions?
how to have the printer recognize the remanufactured canon og 210 printer ink cartridge as it shows it is low when I just have it installed
What doe "OEM" mean?
How does the return program work?
return program for lexmark
Is there a warranty on this product? Can you buy an additional warranty?
What does it mean by "Manual". Do you have to feed sheets individually?
Can the fold lines be adjusted? I am just starting to shop for a folder. I send out letters, and need to adjust fold lines for the address to show
Does the machine accept 8.5 x 7 for a half fold? Next question, Can the machine create a custom fold for a 8.5 x 7 paper?
I frequently use HP Glossy Presentation Paper. It is 48 lb. Any ideas as to whether this machine would handle this well &amp; without a lot of jamming?
Can this machine fold up to 4 or 5 pages at once (e.g.: for one mailing containing several pages)?
Will this folder handle 32# paper?
The copy I need folded can be as big as 12"x12" and the deminsion description on here is wacky. Will it accomodate larger sizes than 8.5"?
does it take legal size paper
Will this handle glossy paper?
I'm planning to use it on an electronic sit-stand table that move up and down. Is this stable enough that the monitor wouldn't move out of position?
Is it possible to just get one of the arms? I just got another monitor and want to utilize all three. I don't want to have to get a whole new rig.
Does it allow for stacking of the monitors?
Which mount does this come with as I need the grommet mount?
How much length is needed on the back of the desk to install this mount? I have about 2 inches on the back to mount before the backing of my desk.
What is the height range - can the bottom of the monitor lower to 3 inches from the desk, and elevate to 15 inches from the desk for sit to stand?
How exactly does this mount under the desk? My desk has a 3" that is thicker in front, and I'd like to know how far back or forward this can mount. Thank you!
What are the dimensions of the attachment?
How does this attach to the desk. How long are the screws, as my desk top appears to be quite thin (less than an inch)
Are the wrist pads permanently attached? The tray looks good, but 10" or more would fit my keyboard better, so I'd rather leave the pads off.
Does this store under the desk when not in use?
how deep does this keyboard tray drop down to from the bottom of the table?
What are the dimensions of the actual keyboard tray? -- the part where you have your keyboard and mouse. I can't for the life of me find that info.
What are the dimensions of the actual keyboard tray? I have looked everywhere-- at every review and page on the product website--and I can't find them
How high above the desk would the keyboard adjust to and is it comfortable to stand and work using the keyboard (I am about 5'5")?
Does this come with "starter" cartridges? or full size ink cartridges?
apple
What is the difference between the Brother 4570 and the Brother 4070?
Windows 8 compatible?
Are any compatible cartridges available for this printer that work well?
envelopes
Anyone had any experience with card stock or appointment cards?
Does the printer have any ability to print directly from mobile devices? Does it Copy? Does it Scan?
can I print paper size 11 x 17 ?
I think what people are trying to ask by saying "apple" and "mac," is "is this computer compatible with an Apple computer?
How do I change the default color setting to mono instead of auto?
Is this MAC compatible?
Does it have a maual feed tray? How would you print envelopes?
Does this printer allow you to scan double-sided documents?
Is there much paper curl on the colour print out.
Does the printer turn on automatically when you print? Also, does it power off after not using?
Does it print card stock?
If a color cartridge is empty, will it still print in black and white or do you have to replace the cartridge first?
Holy...Just read a review here saying the toner is unrefillable due to newly designed cap. That is a deal BREAKER. Can someone please confirm that?
can I print pictures on this printer?
This says it will work with MFC9970CWD, but when I put that information in the section "Will this work with your printer" it says "No"
Will this drum unit work on the MFC 9560CDW?
I see the color black listed on this&gt; does that mean that it does not work with my laser color all-in-one brother dr 310 cl printer?
will this work with Brother's HL-4150CDN printer
I just recieved this unit and replaced the drum and my prints are still coming with a blirr in the middle of the page ? What else could this be?
Does anyone know why there's a message saying this is NOT the right drum 4the MFC-9970CDW. Its also says it IS the right one? I'm confused. Help Pls
Is it really necessary to replace this drum when u get the warning message? Can U just reset the counter. I have the MFC-9970CDW. Still hasgood copies
I installed this in my 4570 CDW. I could not get the drum life counter to reset. Is that because of an issue with the replacement drum?
Does this drum unit come with the toner cartridges as well?
Will this work with a Brothers MFC-736ON
Is this a long print extra ink cartridge
This is a genuine OEM Brother Toner that has NOT been refilled - correct?
Is this genuine Brother toner in original Brother cartons?
How do you get rid of the toner cartridge when it's empty?
What is meant by Retail Packaging vs the other packaging besides price?
Has anyone experience leaking of the toner out of one end? If so what causes it &amp; what do u do about it? I'm using this genuine Bros Cartridge. Thx
how many pages does it yield?
Is this the toner for HL4570CDW
will toner cartridge TN315BK work with Brother MFC 9450CDN printer
Those size of TN-315BK put into the drum while other 3 colors are TN-310, will printer works.
Can I hook it directly into my computer ,and do my own payroll
Is there a usb slot to upload/download? Can employees log in/out for breaks and lunch? Thanks!
mac compatible?
is this product MAC iOS compatible
Does this export to Quickbooks for payroll purposes?
do you need to have internet access? Is it XP compatible?
I am interested in getting one of these clocks for a small business ,but would like to know if I have to use a third party to monitor my equiptment
Can you set this clock to automatically deduct a lunch period after so many hours so employees do not have to remember?
Can you clock in with just a PIN if you forget your card?
Does this unit have its own power supply and also does your computer have to be on to use the clock, or just to download reports.
Hello! Can anyone please tell me how this system works with editing/ entering missed punches? Easy or difficult? Any insight would help. Thank you!
My employees sometimes work remotely from home. Does this system allow them to VPN or clock in remotely?
I work remotely. Can I access the time clock and download reports if I'm not connected to the same network?
Is there a monthly fee with this time clock?
Do i need any other software to operate this time clock. Also what is the format of the export reporting system Example Word,Excel,text file, other.
How do you know if you have missed a punch? Is there any indication that you have or do you have to remember that you did?
Dimensions?
do u need a install CD- to hook it up, and wired to your computer?
Does this come with ink?
Can you scan multiple pages into one file?
fax
Power Input: May I ask if this printer can be plugged to either 110 or 220 volt outlet?
I have no wifi and need a printer for my iPad
Does this work with a micro usb port?
Will this work on Windows 8?
how can i use? do i need software?
Can this be used on quickbooks pos?
can it read drivers license
Does the magtek 21040110 mini usb work with Quick Books Merchant Services as a credit card reader.
How do I input the necessary info for the stamp?
What size is this stamp? 2" or 1 5/8" ?
Is it possible to receive an electronic file of the stamp as well?
can you make a stamp with my company logo?
I won't place the order until I see the window where I can add my imprint information. Where is it?
how do I personalize this stamper? I dont see a option to put what I want on it
is there a font we have to go by?
does this have to be 4 lines? Or could I make the fonts bigger and less lines?
What is the shipping time and method - we are in a bit of a rush to get the stamps
Can you make me an oval about an inch and a half by a half inch?
Up to how many characters per line?
Where do we feed the four line information on your order site
How do I customize the stamp?
How can I change the name and state of the stamp? Is that separate?
What are the outside dimensions of the rectangular stamp? LxWxH.
On the round one, where does the county and commission number go?
What size is the stamp? What dimensions?
What are the maximum character lengths per line of customization on these stamps? Different per line? Different per stamp type? (rectangle vs. round) My main concern is that I have a 13-letter long last name (and 6-letter long first name). I'm just...
what is the internal dimension of drawers?
Is this strong enough to handle a 47" flat screen TV?.
Does the drawer pull out far enough to allow you to pull the file folders out easily or do you have to twist and bend them?
How tall is the inside shelf?
I the back of it finished so that you could set it in the middle of a room or is it unfinished so that you would need it to be up against a wall?
About how many folders does it hold?
Can you lock the file drawer?
can this be painted or stained?
Would you say this color is almost black or a really dark brown?
Do the drawers have bottoms or do they just have rails to hold hanging folders?
How much does this table weight in Lbs..?
Have any of you used a table cloth on this table? Do the legs of the table stick out or are they hidden behind the table cloth? Thanks!
can it fit three 27 inch monitor?
How many people can sit at this table (for a meal?) 10?
How's this table for PC gaming? Would this be a suitable table to set up three 24" computer monitors?Think that much weight would make the center sag?
does the table TOP fold in half too?
Size?
is this table a smooth finish on top surface or is it a textured surface?
What is the weight of this table?
how much does it weigh?
Are there drivers/support for Windows 7?
Can it print envelopes? Can envelopes be fed individually?
Does it print in color?
Panasonic KX-MB1500CXB Multi Function Laser Printer
can you hook up 2 computers to it
does this printer allow for fast print from a smartphone
does this machine cut vinyl?
Do these machines come with a warranty?
I can create my own designs and I machine prints and cuts?
Can I use my mac book air to create letters on the cricut imagine
Just brought my cricut imagine and it is stuck on the start up screen. What ya'll think?
Why won't my cricut imagine read my new mat
I would like to know if this machine does electric cut, thank you
Is this machine fully functional and no problems with it?
way so much negative response
Can the drawer section and the tower storage section be switched? I prefer my tower on the right-hand side.
Is the rear or back side of the desk finished like the front of the desk?
What are the dimensions of this desk? L x W x H? Thx.
How wide is the desk?
what are the measurements of this desk?
Is this desk solid real wood or particle board?
Can the file drawer hold legal size files?
What are the measurements of the desk?
how tall is it from floor to bottom of the keyboard pullout? i am trying to fit a chair into it
how long for delivery of this desk
Just wanted to be sure: will it work with 9 pin TO681, TO682, TO683, TO684 in my EPSON NX510?
will the chip resetter work with t126 or the t127 cartridges or the workforce 545?
will the resetter work for epson workforce 615 cartridges?
Does this chip resetter work to reset t200 chips. "WF-2540"
will reset T060 cartridge?
Epson XP610 printer with 273 ink cartridges . Will this resetter work on this Epson product?
I have an Epson Workforce 840 printer, don't know if it is a 9 pin cartridge, will the resetter work for my printer, do I have a 9-pin cartridge type
will the resetter work with epson cartridge T0992 - T0998 9 pin cart 99/98
Are the cutters metal?
Hi everyone. Can you all give us an update on how long this critter is good for?
How is the basket? I had an officemax that wouldn't seat correctly because the basket was junk. auto feed wouldn't work half the time.
tell me about the noise it makes
where do you oil the shredder
I see dimensions as 14.5 x 18.8 x 27 inches. Which is Hgt, Width, Depth?
What amperage is the motor rated at? It should be listed on a sticker on the back or bottom.
Can this shredder be turned off when not in use?
Was just wondering if there is room for a child's fingers to get stuck? Some of the others stopped. Worried about my child getting his fingers cut
will this, or any, of the personal scanners, scan old negatives of various sizes? I have bunches of them and they're not 35mm.
does this scan black and white negatives?
compatible with macbook pro ?
Does this work with really old photos etc, including scallop edges? Do they rip? Also, can you save as .TIF vs JPG? What is the max file size? Thx
I have Windows 8, does it work on this?
will this work with windows 8?
Does the program work with windows 7?
what size negatives does it scan?
Does this work with a Mac
How is the scanner powered? If by batteries, how many photos can be scanned before having to put in new batteries?
What format is the picture once you've scanned to your computer (JPG, BMP, etc.)?
does it work with mac?
how fast
were you able to scan without the sleeve?
is this scanner Mac Compatable, can't seem to find that info anywhere
Will this scanner work with windows 7?
Where can I get a driver for this product? I just spent 10 minutes with customer support only to have them tell me that they don't make this product.
Will it scan the old polaroid instant pictures
Does anyone know if this will fit my ACER T272HL, its a 27" touchscreen, the VESA mount on the back is 100mm I believe. Any help would be appreciated!
Anyone know what the bolt through desk mounting procedure is with this? As far as hole size, what clamps it in?
Does this item include the pole or just the 2 arms?
I live in very small quarters (a boat) and am considering this as stand-up work station solution. Could this be mounted up-side down, to a ceiling?
How easily can you adjust the height of me monitors? I have a sit-stand desk and have to readjust the heights when transitioning between the two.
Can the monitor power cable run through the hole for the bolt-thru method?
My desk came with an approximately 3" diameter hole for a monitor stand. Would this stand work with this setup?
Does it fit a 2" table board? (My table isn't too slim somehow...) Thanks so much!
I have a dock station for my laptop. Does the laptop arm account for that?
Am I correct in assuming this package includes the mounting pole, the two arms and the laptop tray?
Is this top grain leather or bicast leather? is the wood birch or beech (the web site mentions both)
Thanks for your replies. I forgot to ask about the color of the wood. It says cherry, but it looks espresso. What is the true color? TIA
Hi guys! I would like to know if the color of the seat in the photo is accurate? There can be a difference between "cream" and "ivory". Thanks
Is this compatible with Intuit POS software?
can I mount the drawer under a counter?
Just received this today and the keys do not seem to open the drawer. Am I missing something? I do not have a printer to hook it up to.
Is there any software ?
So, I do not need to have this hooked up to a printer? I can just use by iteself as more of a cash box situation?
Do the coin trays have a curve on front to easily pickup change/coins ?
Can this cash drawer be sinked to a wireless Ipad register syster?
We do not have this hooked up with a POS. How do you use it as a cash box? The key alone does not seem to open it. I saw one answer to turn the key
Is this compatible with star tsp143l?
Use with a CT-S310II Citizen printer not working, they say I need a "Solid 24volt cable" to make it work. Ideas??
I have Quickbooks POS Basic Edition, from what year I don't know. Do you think this would be compatible with that system?
Is this item compatible with a Mac POS terminal?
Is this item able to connect to a USB port?
Is the eagle topper made of plastic or brass/metal?
Is the base heavy enough to stand outside on a partially windy day? Would this look okay on a stage for an outdoor event?
Does the flag have a sleeve?
Is the stand color brass/gold? It depicted as black.
Can you store multiple libraries
I'm still unclear on using this with multiple computers. Will the two computers be linked via an account or would I have to double-enter everything?
Is there an easy way to access the check out system from the intelliscanner software? Any tips are appreciated. Than you
Can I use this on multiple computers? I want to start scanning at home and also use in my classroom library at school.
If the students ID has a barcode, can I scan that and attach it to the book?
Does the IntelliScanner also support Blu-ray titles and audio CDs?
Can you use any brand of barcode asset tags or does it only work with Intelliscanner's asset tags?
For classroom library use, does it allow you to scan library cards or do you have to type in the name of the borrower to keep track?
Does the IntelliScanner automatically populate Dewey Decimal/Library of Congress Classifications?
Does this unit need to have a cord attached to a computer to use, or is it wireless?
Is the Kodak black ink cartridge #30 able to be used on the ESP 3250 printer? Can't get to work
does this printer have automatic 2 sided print ?
Will not print
what kind of ink cartridges does this printer take.
what's the difference between es3250 &amp;esp 3250 and what kind of cartridges due they take
i need the measurements please
How big is the desk for the laptop?
Product Information: Does this come in Walnut and is there hardware to secure it to the wall included?
Is it possible to paint on this board, if I were to buy clips and paper to attach to the board?
I would use this board as a "sign" board on an easel. Will it stay flat?
Is this only a board? Does it come with anything, pens, an eraser?
How tall is it when setup?
can you put this on a wall??
How wide is this across the bottom when it's unfolded?
is this product used in a cross bailey, red lacquer fountain pen?
Can I use this on Cross Dubai fountain pen?
Can I use this for my Cross Helios AT022H
I just purchased a Cross Green Mable Lacquer and 23k Medium Nib Fountain Pen. It didn't come with a converter, do you know which converter it uses?
Does this work on Cross Dubai? I have yet to find a single converter for cross dubai.
This converter work with Cross Bailey, Black Lacquer, Fountain Pen with Medium Nib (AT0456-7MS)?
will this converter work in the slim fountain pen
Can I use this with Cross Townsend?
Will the converter fit a Verve?
WILL THIS WORK FOR AN AVENTURA FOUNTAIN PEN?
Can this support a 17.3 inch screen laptop
Is this portable? Can you collapse it and take it in a backpack, along with the laptop?
Can be use with a macbook air 11"
What are the base dimensions of this stand?
Will this support an 11' Macbook air well?
Does this stand have the two plastic clips on each end that prevent the laptop from sliding off?
Does this get shipped in its original Griffin box? I'm a real sucker for good packaging.
come with support arms? I can't see in this picture.
What is the height of the bottom of the screen when on the stand?
Can it be used on your lap?
How big is the smallest/biggest person? Is it accurate that they range from 1" - 2"?
Are these unfinished or sealed? I would like to stain them.
Have these been treated with formaldehyde? if so, there will be a label somewhere mentioning something about formaldehyde phase 2 compliance. Thanks!
what are the diameters at the base of them range from?
How good is the raito of the different sizes? Other reviewers stated a large amount of the smallest pegs. Is it more even now?
Have they been tested for toxins? Little people put things in their mouth :/
is this paper good to wrap chocolates?
Is this transfer paper?
Can you iron on this product?
This product came up when I searched for Toner Reactive Foil, but I don't see that it's heat reactive anywhere in the description. Which is it?
is it like aluminum foil or like flimsy paper?
is gold on both sides
can this be used as heat foil transfer? for example with a heat press onto laser print or special adhesive print?
Is the10 /8 higloss paper oven proof
are they white core bevel cut?
Do these come with backer boards?
is this 4 ply thickness or thicker?
Are these mats cut for 8x10 pictures?
do u have a 20X24 mat with a 12X18 opening?
Just got this for Christmas. Red light won't stop blinking. What am I doing wrong?
Is there an option on the scanner if you scan a colored photo can you convert it to black and white?
What format does it scan the photos to...is it .JPG?
Does this come with extra photo scanner sheet covers. Or can they be bought.
is it auto feed, don't want to be opening and closing lids
Is this scanner combatible with Windows 8?
This says portable. Is it battery powered or must it be plugged in? Thanks!
can you scan the photos to your computer and save on disc?
Does this work on device work with windows for desk top
is this win 8 compatible
what is the diameter of the large size and the small size?
Not many specifics listed, but i assume pack of 24 includes 12 of the large ones and 12 of the small ones?
How thick is each coaster?
Does this model include a laminating module?
Is this Mac OS X compatible?
is this product comes with software drivers or not? if not how much is the cost of software driver?
How big is the printer? What are the dimensions?
Does this model include a magnetic stripe encoder?
if I break one of the handsets, can it be easily replaced?
Does this phone system include an intercom system?
how old is this system
what's the warranty on this?
Does this printer print double sided on 110 lb card stock?
Does this printer print double sided on 110 lb card stock?
Header states it's a printer, body content states Box Contents - Gateway One ZX6951-53. Is this prices accurate?
Does this printer have the "Off Set" printing adjustment that lets you shift the entire text/photos on a page to the right.
Laser printer vs Ink Jet-does toner last longer than ink cartridges? Will toner generally need replaced less often than ink-jet cartridges if we'll be printing about the same amount as we do on our current ink-jet printer?
does it includes the toners? or should i buy them in another order?
Can you use this printer for professional purposes? Like selling business cards, greeting cards, etc?
Toner Cartridges for HP LaserJet Pro CP1025nw Color Printer: Hi, I'm considering this printer and have a few questions about the toner cartridges: 1) How long does starter cartridge(s) last?
Does LazerJet Procp1025 nw Cplor Printer (CE914A) include toner cartrages with this printer or do they need to be purchased separatly?
good morning still has available
Can you load paper face up? need to load pre-printed checks face up
Can't find my manual..... Can I scan an image and then print it? I need to make a copy of a medical (eye) form.
voltage range&iuml;&frac14;&#159;
How long is the warranty for this printer?
Avery Labels smearing: Does anyone have a fix for the smearing that occurs when printing on Avery labels?
Can I use this printer with coupons.com from my iPad? I've bought three different printers and none are working.
can you feed one envelope manually? how
Can this laser printer be operated with just the black cartridge? Thanks.
How long is the HP warranty on this printer?
How do you clean an HP LaserJet Pro CP1525nw Color Printer?
How fast does it print (ppm)?
Can it copy
is it a scanner also?
does this printer work with Vista? does this printer work with the Vista platform?
Can it handle A4 and Legal size paper? THX
Printer cuts off the right margin.....No matter what margins I make, the right margin always prints to the right edge of paper! Please help? Thanx!
Could I have a step by step to print an envelope please? To adjust the guides, do I open the printer from the front or from the back?
Does anyone know if this printer will work on 220 Voltage?
Does it have double side printing?
does this printer work with Mac?
Is the Brother 2240 disscontinued? Is the Brother 2240 disscontinued?
I have this printer and the power draw when it starts printing is so high that it trips my UPS. Is this normal?
Can it print lazer bank checks
Is the lumbar support on this chair good? (it says it has "built-in lumbar support", but it just looks like unsupported mesh)
Can someone please give the seat height dimensions. Like from the floor to the top of the chair on back side of chair. and from seat to the top of the chair on the inside? thanks
can someone please give me seat dimensions? the maximum seat length when the seat is glided way back and the width? thanks.
Did anyone have a hard time adjusting the seat tilt? I can't tell if mine is defective or it it's just fuzzy.
What is the seat cushion made of?
How is this chair on back support for someone six feet tall or greater?
I put my chair together and it is tilted forward. Where can I find directions as to what each of the adjustments can do? I don't want the tilt.
Does the seat part move forward and back to support someone with longer legs? If so how far forward does it move?
The chair arm rests. Are they padded or hard plastic? Im looking for comfort for the elbows using mouse all day working on computer.
what is seat height?
does it scan mounted slides
I lost my protective sleeve, where can I get a new one???
I need the software for the Gii. Can I get it from your company
Why has my scanner started having a line on the scanned photo? I have tried cleaning it, but hasn't helped.
How well does it scan documents?
can this scanner scan directly to my PC?
Does this work with a Mac?
what file format are these files/images saved in jpeg? gif? or can i choose
can this scanner be used with batteries?
Does this scanner include an SD card?
How much weight will this arm support?
I need to bring my monitor forward and *lower* it so I can see it easier. The stand it came with elevates it. Would this product work for my purposes?
What is the max height of the arm - meaning how far up can the top of the vesa part go?
Can it be used for sitting-standing work for a 5" person?
Can this clamp down to an uneven desk underside? Say if a desk has a decorative bevel, can it clamp securely?
I can't tell from the product photo how thick of a desktop the stand can clamp to; can it be opened up to 1 1/2inches?
Is there a way to mount this flat to the desk (or in my case the inside of a cabinet) or does it have to clamp around an edge?
Is it easy to change the monitor height?
Can the arm be adjusted so it holds the position it is placed in?
What are the dimensions of the mounting base?
what do you mean "mostly" of real wood?
Can this be used to store legal size folders?
Does it have full extension ball bearing drawers?
can I hang standard hanging folders and files.
Are the drawers fully enclosed for laying things in, if desired, or are do they just have the bars and a short piece of wood to hold hanging files?
Can a lock be installed to lock both drawers?
does this hold hanging files, or just non-hanging files?
Does it lock?
Description says: "Antique whitewash finish". Numerous reviews complain color is actually Gold. Will i receive a White or Gold cabinet if i order it?
About how many file folders will it hold?
What are the interior dimensions of the drawers? Is there enough room for DVDs double-stacked on their long edge, spine up?
I'm also interested in hanging files front to back, and want to know if you supply the bars to do this.
I want to put 3 rings binders in these and they measure in height 12" h. Will the doors close with this height?
I am looking for a file cabinet that I can store legal hanging folders in from left to right. Does your cabinet provide this or are you only able to store legal hanging folders from front to back?
does it come with keys?
Is there enough space in the drawers to store LP records? They are about 13"x13" with covers.
The title of the product states that the filing cabinet is 36" wide. However, in the technical details is states that it is 32" wide. Which is right?
What happens when Google Voice goes away?
obi 100 vs obi 110
Can it be set up to Not Ring, But Make Calls W/out p/c
No Outbound CallerID: What does incoming have to do with outgoing?
Line port on Obi110: Folks, can someone please explain to me the "gateway" functionality of the 110?
Do you keep your same telephone number? Do you keep your same number?
Does the peer to whom I make the phone call need to have OBi: Does the other end of the phone connection need to have OBi adapter or on OBi network?
Does P/C Need to be on for Obi110 to operate (Make/Receive Calls)? We use magic jack on occasion for the comfort of a traditional phone vs. a wireless headset which can pinch ears after a long call.
What are some good alternatives to Google Voice, since that will be going away later this year?
Can either Obi Manage multiple Google Voice #'s? Is there a way to alternate between the numbers?
Can this work if i take it to my native country Dominican Republic and call to the Unites States
Does it work with Obuntu Linux?
Does this work with Direct TV? Has anybody successfully done this?
Is there any restrictions on outgoing calls, for example, MagicJack blocks Gotomeetings phone number - does Nettalk do the same?
Can I try it out and then decide to port my number in ? How would that work ?
can this device be used to connect a security system to
Does NetTalk Duo work with ATT Uverse router? Is AT
Can i take this product to my native country, the Dominican Republic and call to the Unites States
has anyone cancel service with nettalk? And how did you go about it
Do the call features work with the device plugged into ROUTER? (Magicjack: no, needs extra software and to plug MJ into computer)
Hello, are these as thick as bank and credit cards?
This set has 500 cards?
If written on with a permament Sharpie, will the card "take and retain" the Sharpie?
Are these cards glossy, satin, or matte white?
are these cards suitable for the badgy 200 ?
are these equal quality to Zebra brand?
Why can't these be printed upon with an inkjet printer?
What are the dimensions??
Can you print these cards with dye sublimation?
Do these have the sticky backing that can be removed?
black or blue ink?
HI, IS ORIGINAL SWAROVSKI&uml;?
where can I purchase refill?
how it is packed box or bag?
how it is packed? box or bag?
how it is packed
does it come with the box?
what kind and where do you get ink refills
are their shelves inside?
Are the sides and back made from wood? Are they solid?
Are the shelves adjustable?
are these cabinets fully assembled
Is there a shelf inside this cabinet? Thanks to any response :-)
Can it be used for a flat screen tv?
What is the height of the cart without the caster wheels?
Have packaging and product defects been corrected? I'd like to order this product, but, I'm hesitant with some of the lower ratings posted.
are the wheels removable? does the cart work well without the wheels?
What's the weight capacity of this cart?
How much clearance is there between the middle shelf and the top? Want to house a microwave there.
Can the wood be stained?
Is the shelf height adjustable?
How thick are the legs. We want to get two more legs to put under out open kitchen counter to match the island.
Can you remove the caster wheels to stabilize the cart?
Is it heavy duty enough to put a 6 gallon water filter on?
May I find Spanish letters like &ntilde; or &Ntilde; in this machine?
I have a Mac at home and a PC at work. Can I load the software on both machines and take the machine back and forth?
Does the included case have enough room for the charger and extra label tapes? About how many tapes will fit in case?
Call me stupid...but besides buying replacement tape, isn't there an ink cartridge that must be replaced? I can't seem to find reference to it anywhere
fabric labels?
language
Why was this Brother PT2730VP label maker $61.98 yesterday (1/28/13) and is $74.88 today when I go to order it? That's a $12.90 increase in one day!
does the PT2730VP come with an AC adapter?
What kind of tape do I need to buy with this? Does it come with starter tape?
What is the difference between this model and the PT2730?
Does this "press" lettering onto a hardened plastic strip and ink it or is this paper strip? If plastic, will this tend to coil up after a short time?
If this is a paper tape, will the ink endure yearly abuse from summer sun?
Does it have that wasted blank tape in front of every print?
Excuse me: which country is DYMO brand?
What tape should be used for easier removal for i.e. temporary labels. Don't want a bunch of adhesvie left on the surface after removing the label.
Does it print barcodes?
Does it come with AC Adapter
Can you print two lines of text?
Can one use an AC adapter with this?
When the battery charges can I expect to turn on the unit a week later and have enough battery to do a couple of labels? Next day mine is dead.
Does it print two or three lines?
Does this labeler waste a TON of tape on the left margin like the Brother units do??
Have we determined if this model works well with Mac 's newest OSX - Mavericks 10.9 ? A few reviews have mentioned concerned.
How smooth is the print? I have an older handheld and and the fonts are not as smooth as I would like.
Do u need to have it connected to computers in order to use it with keyboards?
Can you only use 1/2 inch labels in this device?
can this print 3 lines on the label?
Can the labels be used for kitchen container and be washed without coming off? What about running through a dishwasher?
What kind of labels does it Print? Refills?
does this work with windows 8.1? is there a download available for softwear or updates?
This machine prints in A3 size?
How well does this printer work with Mac OS and laptops? How well does it scan multiple pages and create PDFs from them? Thank you for sharing.
How good is this printer for photo quality prints? I need to print full color brochures (no white background at all)
The power supply is AC 120V, 60Hz ?
I am wanting something that will print on 13x19" paper. Will this do that?
what is the maximum height that this raises to?
what are the dimensions?
how does this product (Icraze) compare with Furrino's adjustable laptop table? In price, strength, dimensions, weight, usage...?
Is the width wide enough for us BIG men i've seen 18" width not sure if thats wide enough
Can it fit a 17" laptop?
I would like to know what the two little tabs/clips that came in the baggie (with the cord for the fans) are.
Is the clip on mouse pad able to be attached on either side for left handed users?
Is the stand steady when mounted to its full height? Is there any room for resting the elbows a bit?
Can I comfortably carry this around an office and set it up to stand for a meeting?
is this stand suitable for 17" laptop
Will it work with the Kindle?
how does the ipad stay on when its above the head like the picture showing the girl with one??
is the tablet pretty secure when lying down? My kids like will probably fiddle with it and I don't want the tablet to fall on their face.
Will an iPad in a Targus case fit on this device? I don't want to have to remove it from the case. Thank you
Does this work with the Kindle Fire? Anyone know of a similar solution that does?
Will this hold a Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 tablet like the girl in the photo?
Can it work with a regular book?
will this adjust small enough to fit kindle fire hd6? thanks.
Will this work for the Dell XPS18 All-In-One Tablet (18")? Kind regards and thanks! :D Namaste.Bless.
Can this be used with an ipad as a presentation device. Take pictures of documents?
are these good for wood floors? Are these the right kind of casters for wood floors?
I have a 3/8"-16 female thread, will the threaded stem on these casters thread a 16? one reviewer indicated they are not 3/8" but 10MM??
Do these swivel?
I'm looking to replace the adjustable feet on a set of bar stools with casters. Would these casters be able to handle that load?
Do these fit Seville wire shelving?
Do these fit whitmor wire shelving?
What is the dimension from the bottom of the threaded stud to the floor?
What is the thread size?
Do these work with Metro commercial shevling?
Do the legs stay up while the tray is being carried by the handles, or do they fall by gravity?
What are the actual tray dimensions - the functional, flat surface? Thanks.
can you provide the measurements for this item please? the size of the tray itself (width, length, depth), as well as how high it is with the legs out
Can the legs actually lock into place?
When the legs are folded up, is the bottom flat? Would the tray sit on your lap and be comfortable, if the legs were not extended down?
Can a regular size dinner plate fit in this? It looks wide enough from left to right but from front to back it doesnt look like a dinner plate can fit
If you buy more than one do they stack into each other for storage?
What is the length of the bar between the legs?
What are the dimensions?
Can I get this item shipped USPS Priority Mail?
Does it have funny chemical smell?
Does this have locking legs?
They mention the lap clearance is 6.3-Inches in height...but what is the actual height from the floor to the top of the surface?
Does it smell of finish, like stain/wax? I seem to be more sensitive than most people. This has been asked, but 1 answer contradicted the others. Thx.
Can this be switched for use by a left-hander?
Is this good for a 15.6 inch laptop?
Would this work in the chair I sit in everyday? I have an iPad Air, is there a place to hold it up. My chair width inside the chair is 24".
How heavy is it and is it easy to lift and position?
I see that the Alden wood desk the price for 1 is 25.99, but when it shows the price for 2, why does it say 128.99?
does it comes ready to use out of the box or is it some assembly required
Back won't tilt. What seems to be the problem? Thanks.
After using this chair regularly after a year or two - does it still function properly and is the padding on the seat still supportive?
Can you lock wheels or put different pieces on the bottom instead of wheels so the chair does not roll?
Can you lock wheels or put different pieces on the bottom instead of wheels so the chair does not roll?
Does this chair have an adjustable seat depth? I'm rather short and I've found that if I can adjust that my legs don't dangle as much. Thanks!
What is the seat height from the floor in the lowest seat position?
How do you get the back to lower? I have pulled it up and it clicks, but can't adjust back down.
Does the chair smell strong, like chemicals? (another one that I tried made me dizzy....)
Can you buy wheels that are safe for wood floors i.e.urethane rather than plastic?
I see the arm rests are slightly indented. Does this hurt your arms if they are crossed over the edge of them?
How do I set up wireless printing?
What's the color printing quality like with this printer? How vibrant are the images? Are they grainy?
Can you make the printer send scanned documents as email attachments? I mean directly from the printer, not through a PC.
does the mfc9460cdn still print black if one of the color cartridges are out of ink?
Do I need to purchase separate usb cable?
HOW TO GET MY BROTHER mfc9460cdn OUT OF DEEP SLEEP
Does this printer have duplex scanning/copying capabilities too? I need to scan lots of double-sided documents.
Is toner included
Does this print 11x17 size paper?
Is this print from mobile divices like ipad, iphone...?
will this print on cardstock? 110 lbs
Does this machine automatically read if I print say a loan package... and in it is letter and legal size documents? Will it print in order and size?
Can this printer print on 11 x 17 paper?
Does the printer print on both sides automatically or will I need to reinsert the pages into the feeder?
Can I assign which tray to print from? I had a printer one time that used 2nd tray as fill only. Would like 1 tray w/payroll checks in QiuckBooks. Ty.
can i print with a mac?
Is there an rj45 jack?
Is the outside measurement of the leg bottoms also 13 inches?
What is the weight limit for this stool?
Can this be stained to a darker color? I ordered the natural by mistake and cannot tell if it already has a clear coat on it.
Are these retractable?
how many do you have in stock?
Are these actually fluorescent/neon, or more of a standard yellow?
Do the bleed through on regular printer paper?
Will it scan full rolls and/or strips of negatives? - NOT SLIDES
will it scan 110 film negatives
Can I convert old black &amp; white and old color photos?
mac compatible?
How to transfer images to computer?
how many slides can you do at one time?
I scanned 8 slides onto my new 32GB SDHC card and now get an icon showing that the card is full. Any ideas as to what I am doing wrong?
is this scanner the same as the DBTech scanner
is this ok to use with a Mac
Does this machine require a specific type or "model" of memory card installed to work? Will it scan without a memory card at all?
What's it's weight limit?
is it fire proof?
I plan to use this as a sewing chair and wondered if the padding would be enough for hours of sitting without hurting my back or hip?
How deep is the seat? I'm "vertically challenged" and am looking for a 16"-17" deep chair.
How low off the floor can the seat be adjusted to? I need the top off the seat to be 20" or less above the floor.
what is the total diameter of the wheel base? will it fit into a 22" wide desk opening?
How do I install the wheels, they just keep falling out?
How much assembly and how difficult is it?
Can you lock the wheels?
Is it cat-scratch proof, at least a little? I had a wonderful upholstered chair that is now trashed!
Is the back of this chair high enough to be used as a head rest? thanxxx
What are the seat dimensions?
Is this Chair made in USA??
Is the HON HVL 151 covered in true leather or is it a bonded or bicast product?
Are the rollers on this chair ok for wood floors?
Does this chair have waterfall seat cushion that slopes slightly downward to help reduce stress on your legs?
Does this product have free tilt?
can you plug this labeler into household electric outlet?
Does it waste about 1" blank tape that is cut off before it begins to print any label?
Does this print vertical labels?
Can you use batteries?
is this unit compatible with a mac?
the screen is backlit?
Can it be used for labeling items for the freezer?
Does the screen is backlit?
ac adapter
what type of tape cartilages do i order
How long will the toner last that comes with the printer? Should I buy a pack of toner cartridges at the same time I buy this printer? The toners I'm looking at come with a 365 day warranty, but I don't want to buy them too far in advance. Thanks for...
Can I print from my IPad and/or IPhone plus my computers
will it print tabloid size paper?
Will I be able to print on card stock or only regular paper?
guaranti?
is it wireless? this is a deal breaker question. thanks
Is the screen Back Lit?
Will this machine scan to emai?
Can this machine be wired to a router and do printer sharing over the network in that manner?
Is there a way to over ride a replace toner message? It stopped printing black and white with an empty yellow toner.
What about the power kit or AC Adapter for CX3000?
Why would you need to buy a power kit if the CX3000 uses PoE (Power over Ethernet)?
Is this product wireless
Two questions: are the arms removable? Does the height adjustment keep? My current chair slowly sinks.
What is the weight limit on the chair?
Is the color more yellow than tangerine?
Follow-up question: Why is it necessary to replace the drum and not just the toners? Semi-Luddite artist here... Thanks in advance for replies!
Will this work in a Brother MFC-9840CDW?
So... this is just the DRUM, and does *not* include any of the four toners cartridges?
What is the measurement of the unit with just one side up and one side down? Thanks
What is the overall length with sides extended?
Can you have one side open at a time or do they both need to be open to be stable?
what are the dimensions closed and opened?
Is it easy to extend the sides and put down? Thinking turning a closet into a craft station, but have to access deep side shelves.
how tall is the whole thing?
Is the back of the unit finished?
What is the width with both sides down?
Are the arm rest adjustable and removable (meaning with one touch not disassembly)
How high can the top of the seat surface be raised for a tall person? I need it at least 22.5 inches (57cm) off the ground.
Can anyone explain how to adjust the tilt? Instruction says that I can adjust tilt by pulling out the the lever underneath the seat, but I can't.
What is the width of the seat?
Also, I see an awful lot of thumbs up from larger men, but will this chair also be good for a 5'5" woman who weighs 120 lbs????!! Thanks!
Hi. Someone wrote the the seat of this chair is not really mesh like the photo. Is that true???
As a PC gamer, I have to ask. After a year+ of extensive daily use, is there any sagging in the seat?
does the seat breathe like mesh? some people say that it is mesh on top of foam, which implies that it does not breathe like mesh...comments?
Is the bottom mesh?
where manufactured?
How do you adjust the height adjustment, and how difficult is it to do so?
I am lefthanded and would prefer the mousepad "platform" on the left side. Does it slide through?
instuctions ould have been nice, any clue???
Is the height adjustable, and if so what is the maximum height?
Do you think it could be used while in a bed or is it positioned for straight forward/head-on use only (ie: couch or chair vs. sliding out over bed)
I love this pencil BUT how does one keep the clip from flipping off? I now have several pencils sans clip. Anyone have a solution on this? The fact that the barrel separates pretty easily is also a problem but I have seen suggestions for that.
Here's a dumb question for you. What are the 2 "barrels" for and how do you use them?
Best pencil ever! Does it come with 9B lead? It would help me see it better if it wrote darker. Thanks.
grade school
What colors do they come in???
Does it have a microphone to be able to translate an english lecture into chinese ?
Is this a good device for someone who speaks fluent Mandarin and no English in order to communicate back and forth with English only speaking persons?
does this dictionary use cantonese chinese or mandarin chinese?
can it be changed to a new lanugage
If this ink was so great why didn't you give it a 5 star review? Was there any problem at all to consider?
Is this dye type ink?
installation instructions?
How many inches high is the seat from the floor?
how many chairs can be stacked together?
Is there any kind of "ganging" device available for these chairs so that they can be connected together?
What is on the bottom of the legs? Is order to prevent scratching of the floors, would I need to add felt pads?
What's the seat height? I need to know if my feet will be touching the ground when I sit in it, or if they'll be uncomfortably dangling.
What is the seat width?
What is the weight capacity
Would this chair be comfortable for someone who is approximately 5'4?
Is this hard to keep clean? Just got it today and love it until Mom said White what about ink stains!
i am 5 foot 1"" how far will seat adjust from floor
what is the lowest and highest heigths that the chair will raise and lower?
Is this real leather and is it a bright-white leather
How is the lower back support?
This chair looks perfect for me. But can you possibly lock the wheels?
What is the seat height?
Would you buy this chair again? Is it still comfortable?
how much weight will this chair hold?
How high will the seat adjust to? I need at least 24-25 inches because my computer table is pretty high.
i want to know how low will the chair go down to
this chair came with no assembly instructions, can you send those to me? If not I am sending thsi chair back to you.
What is the width of the wheel base? I have a narrow desk that can accommodate 21inches across
What is the weight capacity?
Does this chair leans back?
is it fire rated?
I just put this chair together. Uhh. Any ideas on why it will not deflate down to its original size? I brought it up and now it won't go back down
I wish to send six chairs as a gift to an office anonymously - is that doable? Thanks,
what color of blue is the chair? close to navy or blue green. trying to match a comforter set
What is the maximum seat height?
Does this chair leans back?
One of these chairs that we ordered came without the piston and the sleeve that goes between the seat to the base. How do I get one?
I ordered six chairs yesterday - I need to change the color - is that possible? Denise
What is the height of this stand? Need to find out how much higher it will raise my display.
Can the storage space fit an apple keyboard with numeric pad?
Does this work with the 13 inch Macbook Air
is the slot for the keyboard enable to fit my medium Intuos5
Hello, I would like to know the dimensions of the article. Thank you very much. regards
Has anyone found magnets that work well?
This product appears to "float" away from the wall. Is this correct? If so, how much space is between it and the wall?
Does the magnetic properties of this board work? Can I use magnets on the board and expect that it will hold things? (smaller notes)
Will regular fridge magnets stay on--I'm not intending to have them hold anything.
Has anyone found magnets that work well?
This product appears to "float" away from the wall. Is this correct? If so, how much space is between it and the wall?
Does the magnetic properties of this board work? Can I use magnets on the board and expect that it will hold things? (smaller notes)
Will regular fridge magnets stay on--I'm not intending to have them hold anything.
how tall is this product?
Is it solid rubber, or it is empty inside?
What is the material of the banana door stopper? Will it scratch the door edge?
will it slide on hardwood floor?
how does it work
does the table have drawers and a towel rack
I think this is redundant: measurement when leaf used and when leaf down? I think the answeres say the table is 28" long.
Does this have one fold out leaf or two? When the table is folded out, does it look like a complete oval?
So does anyone know where to find extra barstools for the red version??? I cant find them anywhere!
Do you turn the table around to use the leaf? so when not a table, the piece is compact with stools under the table and drawers showing?
Is the shade of red like a "fire engine" red or more of a burgundy (darker) red? Thanks
how high is the table
Is the Red a vibrant red or dull red? Does it look cheap or sturdy? Does it come with a cutting board in the drawer like one I saw at Ginny's?
The width is 28-inchs with the drop leaf down correct and if so what's the width when the the leaf is up?
how high are the stools
Will it factor polynomials?
How to take integrals in respect to y axis using Casio FX-CG10 PRIZM ?
Can I save images on this calculator?
Can You do calculate function limits ? Which is better to Mathematics study Casio FX-CG10 or Ti Nspire cx
Can you perform indefinite integration on this calculator?
How do you update the OS?
Does the calculator support other languages like Chinese?
Can i change the lenguage of the calculator to spanish?
Does it come with a case?
DOES IT HAVE CAMERA
Is it compatible with Windows 8
Can you just feed directly to a computer?
All of a sudden I see little specks in the scanner box. What's causing that? They show up on the image.
Can the fs9t use the Kodak Advantix film?
The scanned image is WAY TOO bright. The original slide is fine. Is there a way to adjust the brightness of the image so it can be edited?
I have an older model (FS 5C05). Can I send in for repair?
Is it possible to buy additional slide holders?
I want to know if this works with 35 and 110 film?
Mine is either temporarily locked (frozen) or broken. I can find nothing on "trouble shooting" on the web or at manufacturer's site, or in manual.
Is the slide holder open or covered with plastic?
overall dimensions ?
Color /finish not designated in cart...why?
I'm not connecting this to any desk. Are both sides of the cabinet finished? Can I remove the 2 brackets on rt side of unit?
What are the inner dimensions of the two top drawers?
Can it take ROLLERS TO WHEEL?
do the drawers lock?
What are the 2 black things sticking out from the side in the picture? Do they have to show?
what are the overall dimensions of the piece?
is it lockable?
Is assembly required?
does it have a headset jack?
Will this phone mount on a wall phone jack?
How many rings before the answering system kicks in?
Can anyone tell me if this phone have Caller ID Announce? Thanks
can i use my existing handset in bedroom and only buy ans machine with i handset?
Can the ringer and the answering machine turn off completely? I work nights and the base/answering machine and the ringer must be off completely.
wall mounted?
Can you use this phone to transfer a call to another phone that is a different type?
am I to understand that this phone comes with needed batteries and instructional manual?
What is the power adapter voltage(110V or 230V)
how do we get started?
how to design
For the same price, could you do 500 of 1 design and 500 of another design. I have 2 designs that I want printed.
how does this work? If these are supposed to be custom business cards then where do i enter info and designs at?
Would you be able to print my photo on the business card?
Are these single or double sided cards? I would like business on front and receipt infer on back. Thanks, Dan
can u help create?
Does one of your available backgrounds include the American flag?
how can i send the logo and information?
What is difference between 14 or 16pt?
The description lists speaker phone but the review says no speaker. Does it have speakerphone?
DOES IT HAVE A HEADSET PORT?
is this item shipped from CA?
where is this item shipped from?
What is the weight limit on this chair? It does not state. Does it support 300lbs, or is it 250lb max?
Does pet fur stick to the fabric?
back ache
Are the arms padded?
Can someone please share the seat height at the lowest point and arm height from the seat? Thanks.
Would it be good for semi-fat folks?
Is it shipped in the assembled form or I have to assemble it myself?
How tall is the back, from the cushion to the top?
what is the maximum seat height from the floor?
what is the maximum seat height from the floor?
Seems like some other questions have been skirting around the issue. Does the chair have a control to raise it higher or lower? I'm not talking about tilting; can it go up and down?
what is the lowest possible height setting? (In inches from the ground)
seat height
How high does the seat go?
If you leave the arms attached, can they be adjusted?
What is the width of this chair?
My purchase will be a Xmas present, do youknow if the outside of the mailingbox identifies what is inside? It could ruin the surprise - Help? Thanks
What is the maximum seat height of this chair?
are the arms removable?
how deep is the seat, how high are the arms, what is the width of the seat alone and seat plus arms?
What's the lowest height of the seat?
is the fabric of the chair scratchy, is it sturdy?
Are the wheel replaceable? Could I take the wheels it comes with off and replace them with my own?
What about the arms on the chair, are they comfortable. ?
how to assemble this chair? is the process tough?
Are the arms adjustable?
Does it have lockable wheels?
height of seat
What is the minimum and maximum floor to seat height? Thanks!
I am short, 5'2" and so want to lower the chair and can't figure out how to do that?????
What are the actual dimensions - front to back and side to side - of the seat please?
My chair no longer raises, do you have any way to fix this?
how easy is it to assemble
what is weight load?
I plan to use this chair for quilting. The seat needs to be really comfortable for hours of sitting. will this seat fit my need?
adjust
Explaine the quick change system for the Deluxe Signicade A-Frame Sidewalk Curb Sign with Quick-Change System, Black
Would a foam board mounted poster fit in the frame?
Picture does not show tabs. Why? Is it he same as Model MSDCB?
What size sign fits into the area? 24x36? I just ordered two and was wanting to have printing done upon receiving them. Thank you.
I purchased the deluxe signicade frame along with corrugated plastic replacement panel and wet erase chisel tip. do i use chalk on plastic replacement
Can you tell me if there is a piece of clear plastic over the poster
Is there a clear plastic insert available to use in lieu of rigid sign? I'd like to be able to use dry-erase markers on it.
Can you write on this with dry erase maker or liquid chalk?
What kind of material do you need to print your sign on for this curb sign?
Can I buy and use the chalkboard replacement from NEOPLEX instead of writing directly on the sign or using posters?
Are the arms optional or permanent?
Does it have lumbar support?
what is the lowest possible height setting? (In inches from the ground)
Can this chair lean very back?
Howdy all, what does the seat measure between the arms, and how deep, most of the seat mesurments are outside arms, its misleading when it says 26 in
How high can you raise the seat? This is the distance from the floor to the top of the seat.
Description of the chair back doesn't precisely say whether it can be independently raised and lowered to hit lumbar right. Looks fixed to me but ????
Does the back recline and the chair tilts? It says on the description that it does but one comment mentioned that it didn't. Thanks.
Does the high back offer head support? If not, is the back tall enough to put a head pillow behind it? I'm about 5'6".
For those that are heavy set...like 250lbs or more....how is this chair? I'm 6'3" 250 and looking for a chair with a good seat that won't hurt my ass!
I'm 5'2". Can this chair be adjusted for a petite person? And I slide the arm rests in toward my body so my elbows aren't out to the side?
How tall is the seat back?
How well does the seat hold up. Every foam seat we've had seems to squish down and loose all padding very quickly.
I understand that in order to build this chair I don't need to install the arms,but can I build the chair and then take them off and on when I please?
Do the arms come off?
I generally sit in my recliner chair to read my Kindle and use a pillow to prop it up. Is the height of product adequate to read book?
Looks like there are pockets on the sides. Would those hold a pair of glasses on one side and my phone on the other side? Thanks.
Can this be used when lying in bed with hard cover and paperback books?
Is this a beanbag holder
Does it work for a bigger book like a Bible?
can this be used with a hard back book
I'll soon be having hand surgery and was wondering how I'd read and turn pages. Can this also be used for magazines?
can the plexiglass be removed? Seems like a pain for a fast reader to have to lift the book out, flip the page, put it back.
Can it be used for a book you write in, like crossword puzzle book, or would writing cause it to fall over?
What are the measurements? I ordered a book pillow for my daughter and it isn't big enough for college text books. Any suggestions?
What has been your experience using it with an ipad?
Will it work for someone with use of only one hand - in terms of turning pages of a small paperback romance-type nove?
With only use of one arm/hand - how easy is it to turn pages of a standard paperback novel (ie/ the small romance novel size)
What is the 'curved' thing at the top of the book seat in the photo? Will this hold a knitting pattern and not fall off the 4" wide arm of my chair?
Does it have any storage pockets for glasses or maybe cell phone? Also how strong is sthe plastic strip for holding the pages?
Some say it isn't great with ereaders, better with books. I want it for my paperwhite, is the plexiglass going to cut into half the screen?
Drawer size: Will the drawers hold 12" x 12" craft paper?
How much weight can each drawer hold?
Do the drawers have lids that snap shut
The description states the inside dimenstions are 9.5" x 13.5" and some answers here state 12 x 12 paper will fit. Which is it?
Are the casters removable? I am considering using this in my homeschool room with my three young sons, and any object with wheels is distracting. :D
Is this product sturdy? Or can it be wobbly?
Do these drawers have dividers in them or are they just open?
How big is the box it comes in?
Can the drawers be taken out?
Would this product be good for holding beads for jelwery making. I am growing tired of hauling individual plastic boxes from room to room.
What is the weight capacity of each shelf?
I would like to use this for reloading supplies including gun powder. Are the locks sturdy enough to keep out curious teenagers?
Do these cabinets feature one piece doors and side panels? I have seen a newer model of the same cabinet with 2-piece side panels and doors.
How many shelfs inside?
Is the cabinet steel all the way around or just the doors?
does this cabinet lock? and what are the dimensions?
Do you have to install the shelf? I am looking for a cabinet that I can put hooks in and hang long items
Do the wheels have locks on them?
Are the castors removable?
How do you think this storage cabinet would hold up strapped into a work trailer?
I need to know how to work it
What size staples should I buy with this stapler?
What is the arm length capacity? is throat depth at least 5.5"?
Can I use Swingline staples with this unit? Thank You
Is this a "flat cinch" stapler?
which country made it? how much does the staple cost
I am looking for a small printer for my home office. i don't have much room in my office.
does it come with a toner and drum?
Does this printer come with a wire to connect it to your computer? Or would I have to buy that separately?
duplex printer?
how to set 2240d for duplex printing
Wireless? Is the Brother HL-2240D laser printer wireless or not?
mac
Thanks eveyone who helped me buy this printer. Your valuable comments were really helpful.
Does this printer have an Ethernet connection on the back? Or just a USB connection ONLY. Thanks to anyone who has one to look at and answer this.
Wireless?
How much weight will it hold?
what wood used
how much weight will it hold
weight limit? How much weight will this stool support?
The Amazon Web Site says "Shreds papers, CDs, credit card (all cross-cut)" but shows a CD shredded. Does it cross-cut CD's / credit cards or or shred?
does the plastic from the cards and cds get all jumbled togather with the paper or are they seperated
Does this do Micro cut OR Cross cut? The product name implies micro, while the product description implies cross, so which one is it?
what are the dimensions of this shredder? ( whole machine itself)
can you put staples through it?
Does this shredder have continuous feed? If so, is it limited?
does this item need to be oiled?
What is average life-span of this shredder? I have a 2-year old MO7CD, which no longer works. The "overheated" light turns on immediately.
does anybody know how this compares to the amazonbasics 12-sheet micro shredder? it looks to be a LOT heavier and bulkier
where is it made?
what size paper will this printer print - the maximum?
Does this price include both print heads and the ink?
Which cartridges does this printer use ( black and color)?
this printer can use solvent ink for exteriors .? Please help me.
Will this model do borderless and have nice detail in printing large photos?
Can you print only with rolls of paper and what is the smallest width paper that can be used with this model?
Does this plotter work with mac OS 10.10.1 Yosemite
How many ink I can get with this printer and I would like to know which printhead this printer have?
Hello I'm wondering can you tell me this product include everything?I mean if I bought this product what I can get with this
can this printer used for transparent sticker?
Can you engrave a small logo next to the name?
I just ordered this name plate about an hour ago and I wondered how long it would be before you e-mailed me for the customizationed. Also I was wanting to give it for a birthday present on Oct 1 and I wondered how long it would take for me to receive...
How do we get this engraved?
Still same response regarding engraving? You will send an email?
Is it made of wood?
I would like to order 10 for my business office. How do I send their names and titles to you? I only see check out.
Is there an option for silver trimmed metal instead of gold?
how many business cards does this hold? theresa woliver
how many cards does this hold?
Before I order, I want to be certain my logo can be engraved. Where can I send it to confirm compatability?
Is there a way to preview how the name will look on this? I only have one line and concerned about the spacing since his name is short.
can you engave a oil rig or a pump jack to the right of the name where the buisness logo is?
Where do I enter the personalization info to add to this?
Is it possible to have three lines?
Does the cabinet come assembled?
Does it hold legal or standard size folders?
Does it come with the frame to hang file folders?
Does this cabinet lock
Can you get 4 credit cards and some cash in it or is it just for one card?
Our badges use RFID chips, where we hold the badge in front of a sensor to open doors, elevators, etc. Does that work with this badge protector?
How many in the pack?
Is this hard plastic or a plastic sleeve? (*Want to avoid zip lock bag like holders)
how many badges for the Price: $30.82 &amp; FREE Shipping
Can you easily access/remove the badge while still attached to lanyard hook or do you have to detach crom hook to remove/put back badges?
This price of $ 2.09 .it has how many bag. Or $ 2.09 for each bag . Or $ 2.09 has 10 bags.
Is this item clear plastic front and back??
What is the vertical height that the X-Stand lifts a laptop (between ground and bottom of laptop), at both the back and the front?
Is this producct made of cheap plasticc or is it a metal stand? I want something sturdy and non-slippable.
is this stand metal or plastic?
Is this item plastic or metal?
Is this new or manufacture refurbished
do they have speed dial capability
Does it have a talking caller ID?
does it have speeker
Can you add a headset to the handset?
Does it come with 2 additional handsets as it shows in the picture or is it just the base?
We just Purchased this Printer but it doesn't power on...Do you know what could be the Problem?
How does the MFC9560cdw compare to the MFC9970cdw ?
does this model come with 2 paper drawers?
Does this printer come with a toner waste cartridge?
Does it curl pages when printing at highest quality settings?
What's in the box? Does anyone know if this printer ships with toner cartridges in the printer at $479.99?
I know that the flatbed is letter size, but can it scan in legal size documents?
Legel size paper
can I improve photo quality
Can you connect the printer using all 3 methods at the same time....USB, wired and wireless?
are they perforated to rip off easily?
If I order more than one box, will I get different numbered tickets?
Can I request the numbers in my packs?
Are these printed on card stock or regular paper? Thanks
are the auction tickets perferated?
if we order 5 packs can we be sure that the numbers won't duplicate each other?
So does this cross-cut paper or not?
How is this shredder emptied? Does top come off or does the basket have to be pulled out and emptied, leaving shredded paper around the machine?
where manufactured?
What is the approximate dimension of this shredder?
Can I show automatic deductions for breaks and lunch each day?
does this work on wifi or eithernet cable? are there any yearly fees?
Does this include a relay so I can use it with a dry-switch to unlock a door? If not, how much would a compatible relay be and can you provide a link?
How do i increase the number of users on this machine?
We bought this in July but have not been able to use. I was told missing battery. Do I need to buy separately?
We have more than 100 employees. This one is only for up to 25?
How does the face recognition work? Do you just walk in front of the time clock and it senses that you are there or do you need to press buttons?
Is this product compatable with Quick books
Will this form come with the current tax year printed on it?
Does it come with envelopes or do i need to order those seperate?
Does it come with cd to program computer?
I do not see a year on these forms. Does that mean I can use them for 2012 ?
I don't have the ability to print using Quickbooks. Do you need additional software to print on these?
Does this pack just have copy A for IRS or does it also have copy B &amp; C for employees/employers?
ARE THESE FOR YEAR 2013 W2?
Is this for 2013 tax year? Will they work with non laser printer (ink Jet)
what type of toner cartridge should I buy? what type of toner cartridge should I buy?
Does this printer come with toner?
Is the printer wireless?
Does anyone know if the printer comes with a printer cable? I only received the power cable. I wish this was disclosed so I could order the cable at the same time I ordered the printer.
is it difficult to set up with a mac book pro
Can you buy generic toners? If so, how much do they cost on average?
Can someone tell me if it works on power of 110v through 240v? It should say on the bottom of the printer
Does it copy?
is this a duplex printer?
How much is an ink cartridge for this printer?
Could you use polyurethane or some other finish to make the top more durable for daily use. Sharp table and just the size we need but I do have concerns about staining etc. from the reviews I have read.
Is the black laminate surface glossy or more of a matte finish?
Can this table be put outside on patio? Not sure it will oxidize or if it's adequate for outside or inside only.
Can I order additional stools?
How tall is this table? The dimensions do not say what measurement is height vs width vs length.
Does this item work with an iPad or iPhone?
wha's its real size ? how wide is the projection on a wall or a screen, how far can it be from them ?
Will this item work with my business laptop which is a HP laptop with Microsoft Windows XP professional version??
is there a way to flip the image without the remote?
I looked at the video and in one of the screenshots they show VGA input and it looks like HDMI. Can you clarify this image. I have a loptop with VGA
100 lumens seems weak, unless you're in a totally darkened room. Will this work is there is still ambient light or should we look at higher lumens
I have one of this but i have a question, Do you see lines in the projection?
I'm unclear about connecting a phone or tablet to the projector. I assume a special cable (device specific) required? I don't see a Wi-Fi option.
Does it have a rechargeable battery or does it need to be plugged into a power socket?
does this work with ps3?
what happens when installed in windows 7 ?
Does it come with the cartridge and toner or I have to buy them seperetely? And shipping to canada?
Is this printer wireless??
is it network compatible for multiple workstations?
what does "manual feed size 11x17 paper " mean? you have to feed one page at a time? how many 11x17 pages can be hold at a time since no tray for it
if purchased, is the warranty and service covered in Canada?
Is it compatible with Windows 8?
What are the measurements of this machine?
Is there a paper tray to catch incoming faxes. If so,does it come with the unit?
How many pages can be printed with the initial supplied ink toner, thanks.
Does the KX-FL421 come with an ink cartridge and if so about how many copies/pages will this start up cartridge print?
does it have an answering machine?
can this Panasonic advanced Fax (KX-Fl421 be used with HP ENVY printer
If I want to send a fax to an email, can it be done with this machine. If not can someone recommend one.
Does it work on wifi?
does it use plain paper
Does it print out a confirmation page?
In a window insulation application do you find it helps to soundproof or reduce outdoor noise from coming in?
Are these the small bubbles?
what size are bubbles?
Is it perforated?
how large are the bubble pockets?
How much weight does it support?
Hi, Can you give me the height from floor to top of arm rests (to slide under conf. table)?
weight capacity
hi guys,, what is the seat height, floor to top of the cushion? thanks
By the description the chair measures 30.3X25.2X13. So what is 13 inches? Seat width? Seat depth? I'm confused by this small measurement?
How far back does it tilt -- can you nap in it?
Will it hold someone that weighs just under 300 lbs?
What is the weight capacity of this char?
Arm broke after one month. Is a replacement part available?
Is part of the assembly process attaching the casters to the base? I'm looking for a swivel chair that doesn't roll.
Guaranteed?
Does the assembling manual state the max weight limit and what is it? Thank You.
What's the max height of the seat (measured from the floor)?
What is the weight capacity for this model chair?
Is the material real leather?
How sticky is the tape? Will it leave residue behind when removed? Will it fall off over time? Or is it just right?
what kind of label dies it use?
I see different labels (blk on wht - wht on blk - blk on clear) - how does the label maker know to change print color?
Does anyone know if these labels can be used on glass bottles?
How is this one different than the PT-1280? It looks almost identical except the color?
I need a labeling machine to affix labels to standard file folders, how well will it do that and what size tape would that take?
do we need to use glue for the printed paper or it contains glue?
will the rasberry on white tape fit the pt-1280sr-p???
Does this product come with tape.
Does it come with power adaptor or is that a seperate purchase requirement?
what does CT mean on the scale?
Do you have the AC adapters available?
What is the size of the top weighing portion of the scale?
What type of weight is necessary to calibrate the unit?
Does the manufacturer state the scale's variance? For example + / - 1 mg?
Will Gempro honor warranty from Amazon?
If I wanted to weigh something under one gram (in grams), will it work? ie: 0.597 grams? Or would I have to convert from carats? Thanks
Out of the box, When I turned it on It says Err 0. It never changes screen. Am I doing something wrong or defective device?
How is the accuracy in the 2.5 to 3.0 grain range?
count
you specify the resolution 250 carat capacity x 0.01 carat , But on other sites it show the resolution 250 carat capacity x 0.001 carat. please correct the same.
Do they write on rocks, for outside clues? Thanks!
does it come with black light?
is it removable? i wish to use on a white board
Will this work well on dark blue painted walls in a room? I have two backlights in the room as well
Can you mark on carpet? I'd like to use them as a way to mark chair placement to set up chairs in an auditorium...
Would these be good for night club entrances to mark people?
If I use these Pens for Security to mark my valuables, (for example cell phones etc..), does it void the Trade-in or resale after contract is up?
can i write on black paper
can i write on black paper
Do i have to use a black light or will these just glow in the dark when all lights are turned off?
how long do they live?
are they aquatu\ic or do they need land also
We have had our Grow a frog for 25 years. I'm curious to know if anyone else has had their frog for this long.?
What species of frog is this? Is it an African dwarf frog, like you get from the pet store?
can grow a frog be in the sun
if it's cold, will the frogs freeze when shipped?
how do i order the tadpoles
I'm ordering this as a Christmas gift. How long can I just hold onto it before giving it and needing to start the treatments?
Do you have to clean the tank out, and how? Also, these are underwater frogs correct? Could they be transferred to a tank after grown with a filter?
are these aquatic?
are they all keyed alike or seperate keys and locks?
The only piece of information I need: What is the hasp diameter?
how much does an individual lock weigh?
are all the locks and keys interchangeable? or does each lock have a specific key?
Are each set of keys exclusively for the lock it is attached to or does it open any/all locks in the set?
What are the dimensions of the shredded pieces?
How many sheets does it handle at one time??
Does this shred junk mail?
Does this require the 16 oz bottle of Swingline Shredder Oil?
Can this unit handle legal size paper?
where is this manufactured?
Can anyone tell me the specific dimensions in terms of Length, Width and Depth? it does not specify exactly?
How loud is this compared to other shredders? I'm looking for something a little quieter. Thanks!
shredders ratings
Does this machine jam, if so, what's the best way to avoid jamming?
Photo shows it assembled for left handed mousers. Can it be assembled for right handed mousers or is there a different product to order for righties?
If I don't put on the wheels,, how much clearance do I get so I can slide the table under my sofa? My sofa is low and I need the exact clearance.
How difficult is this to assemble? What are the minimum and max heights?
Will the table tilt either direction?
what are the dimensions of the tiltable portion of the table?
Hello, I would like to know what is the highest height setting for this product. I sought some answers from others owners but it is quite confusing.
What is the lowest height setting?
what are the dimensions (overall width) and lowest height?
One picture shows 4 wheels &amp; the other shows 5----is it 5 then??
I would like to know what is the actual size of the table top that tilts. What size laptop fits? Does the table rotate both ways?
Would my 23.80"L x 9.80"W x 22.80"D tower fit on the shelf?
Does the wood color of this desk look more like the first picture (lighter) or the second picture (darker)?
What are the dimensions of the desk? How high is the keyboard from the ground?
Would I be able to replace the keyboard tray with my own that screws into the top surface of the desk? Can the top surface take screws?
I considering buying this desk but i'm a person who uses two monitors currently my monitors are 22'' each will both fit on top of the desk ?
Would I be able to replace the keyboard tray with my own that screws into the top surface of the desk? Can the top surface take screws? This is what I want to install: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B001B0F1BQ/r...
CAN THE CPU SHELF BE MOUNTED ON THE INSIDE?
How wide is the keyboard shelf?
What size computer case does the little shelf fit? I use a larger custom case.
Is there any way that I can bring the desk higher up? I'm really tall and I need the desk about 6 inches higher.
Please, shipping order in a product small, place it in a package without exaggeration the size, according to their actual size ?
Does it work on HP 3050?
Is it compatible with HP 4335 Officejet, All in One
Is it campatible w/J3680?
It's compatible with HP Deskjet 3050 J610 series?
What is the expiration date?
What is the expiration date?
does it work on HP 2050 printer
What is the expiration on them?
Hello, you realize evios through DHL EXPRESS to Venezuela I am interested in two combos of pain and black if you hold?
Does this cartridge fits in a HP Deskjet 3050 All-in-One J610 Series?
is this cartridge compatible with hp diskette 1010
It's compatible with HP Deskjet 3050 J610 series?
I have an HP Desk Jet 2000 j210 printer purchased in Europe. I use it only in Europe. Which Ink Cartridge works with this model?.
Please, shipping order in a product small, place it in a package without exaggeration the size, according to their actual size ?
I bought 2 cartridges but it Does not Compatible with the ENVY 5530 as what is said in the description, Is it my printer's problem or the cartridge?
hello good morning, buying the product long it would take to get to florida, thanks
What is the expiration on them?
Do they include a self-mailing recycling envelope with the new cartridge to return the used cartridge, as HP does?
Your description is confusing. Does this package include one each of the 61XL black and and the 61XL tricolor cartridges?
What is the expiration date on these cartridges?
Will this work with hp deskjet 1512?
genuine HP?
does this work with the Officejet 4630? the box does not list this combo pack as being compatible with the 4630.
does it work with HP Envy 5530?
Does this fit deskjet 2543 all in one series? This is the cartridge it list on the printer, but you do not have it below
will this combo fit deskjet 2510 all in one series
it says on the box deskjet 1055. the only problem is. the thing that askes you to put your model number in says that it won't work for my printer. why
whats the length of these refills?
My old gel cartridge says 0.7mm 0411, which refill will fit?
I'm on my 3rd one of these, and they all seem to output way too much ink at the start and then dry out. Is this typical? Did i get duds?
My Cross rolling ball pen has a part # 1112 ? --- Is this the same as a #1112 or will it fit a Cross pen that has a # 1112 refill in it ?
My current model says Cross Rolling Ball Refill 08A. Will this refill fit my pen?
I am looking for a replacement roller ball that is marked 4C. I want blue medium. What is the mfg #?
Are these stamp pads pre-inked or do I need to purchase the ink as well? Thanks
how to open stamper to replace ink pad?
What are the dimensions of the pad on this refill? There are no measurement to say if this one would fit my stamp.
Do you get 2 or 3 pads?
does it come with all the necessary cords or do I need to purchase individually?
am i able to get a replacement key?
HOW MANY COIN INSERTS DOES IT HAVE?
are you required to have a quickbooks pos for this?
Does this work with Quickbooks POS 2013?
My printer is a distance from my computer tower. Does cable have to run from printer to drawer or can it run from computer to drawer?
Is there a part number for the plastic 5 bill/5 coin tray?
does it comes with any keys to manually open the register?
is it a 24 volt register
I ordered these for my HP Envy 5530 as well and they are not recognized. If they are compatible, is there something I need to do to the printer?
My printer does not recognize ink with the "e" patch. Can you supply non e patch?
This item shows: Backed by a 100% Guarantee and a Two-Year Warranty. How does one go about making a claim for this?
This item popped up when I searched for HP1000, does anyone know if it will work? I have had good luck with Global for other printers.
I just received my cartridges today and my printer says it is not detecting the color cartridge. How do I fix this?
Will this work with the HP ENVY 5530?
Do they work for HP Envy 4500 E-All in one printers?? ..... Ive been searching for a couple of hours now...
Some newer HP printers are equipped with ability to reject a refurb ink cartridge. Does anyone know if refurb ink works with the HP Deskjet 1055?
Where is this item manufactured?
Does the fabric layer on top fray at the edges?
Has anyone tried trimming or cutting this pad to make it shorter? For some reason the shorter, tenkeyless sized version is more expensive...
Is there a good way to clean this?
So two people say NO wheels &amp; two people say YES wheels - So are wheels &amp; casters considered different? Does it have CASTERS?
what is the size of the universal 48020 shredder?
how does this universal shredder compare to royal 1840 shredder
how many gallons is it?
Is there any warranty with this unit and if so what does it cover?
does it come with wheels
does all handsets ring when incomingcall
Does this phone system include an intercom system?
How do you refill ink cartridges with these? Does it come with directions?
how to distinguish the tinct to refuel in ink box
WHAT SIZE ARE THE INK REFILL BOTTLES ???
How many refils will this kit do ?
Is it suitable for masonry/ concrete? Thanks.
Can this be used to repair granite counter tops?
Can this be used in Ponds with fish and birdbaths?
Can it be sanded?
Does this actually Lock both drawers or only the top?
Trying to match with my current Office Max filing cabinet; is the height 28 3/8 or 29 mentioned and does it have the Office Max logo?
Is this for Legal sized or Letter sized folders?
The important thing is full extension drawers!!! Are they full extension or not???
what are the full dimensions of this product
How much does this file cabinet weigh?
Is this legal or letter size?
What are all of the outside dimensions?L W H outside
How tall is this filing cabinet?
How many wire followers are included?
Are these drawers full opening or 3/4?
How wide is the front of the cabinet (exterior)
is it legal size
Do all four drawers lock, or just the top?
Title says "Putty," photo is Black. Pick one.
How much does it weight?
I need to know if can use this INK for Canon MP-280???
My printer is CANON PIXMA 280 and uses 210XL and 211XL, I want to make sure that your PG210xl and CL211xl will be correct for my printer.
What does the XL stand for/indicate?
My 211 cartridge had no red ink in it, what am I supposed to do?
works just fine, but printer still "says out of ink" also ink status still lite on printer saying "empty" any help please?
help i just purchased 210&amp;211XL ink for my MS280 canon, are there other machines this ink can be used for as NOW the printer is not working - thanks
Does these cartridges work on a Canon Pixma MP495?
Can i used this ink for this printer/scanner???http://www.amazon.c...
Will these cartridges work in a Canon MX320?
what do you do when the ink does'nt work with your printer?
Where is the "quickload" button? I can't find a button on mine, and thus I can't figure out how to load new staples.
Is this stapler suppose to come with a starter set of staples?
1) can i use regular staples &amp; have it work reliably. 2) I see it has the normal recessed foot, but can you switch it so the stape tines go outward?
Are the high-capacity staples easy to remove? I need to scan a lot of documents, so must remove staples first......
The quick load button is broken. I just got the product and never used it. When I pushed it it just fell out with a spring. Could you fix this?
is the remanufacturer of this product replacing the doctor blade, magnetic roller sleeve and charge roller?
Is this work for Canon imageclass MF4370 dn?
does it fit Canon image class D420?
I replaced the toner upon arrival but it's so light as if it ran out of the ink I am going to replace it with the second one of the 4 I bought.
Is the actual product/package the same as shown in the picture?
What printer does this fit?
Is the yield 2000 per cartridge or 2000 for both cartridges combined?
Is this ok for ImageClass D530?
cartridge 128 vs cartridge 104
Will these cartridges work with my HP Photosmart 7525?
Will these work in a HP Photosmart 7520 All-in-one?
Will this work in hp photosmart 6520
will these work with my hp 4620? i normally use the hp 564 ink.
Will these work with my hp deskjet 3526?
does it come with the little rubber stoppers
is this ink for a HP Photosmart 7520
what is photo black? how is it different than regular black?
When purchasing a photo black in a 5 or 6 pack of 564 ink, how does one use it in the 5520 hp printer which doesn't have a slot for it.
Do these 564 XL Ink Catridges have the chip?
What is the thickness? This is usually expressed in mils which are thousanths of an inch. The one I have now is .165 The one I am looking at on another site is .200 .200 is almost a 1/4 of an inch thick. .250 is a quarter of an inch! This was measured...
Could you provide more details on the "No Crack Guarantee"?
Which is your thichest &amp; sturdiest mat? @ 300#+ most mats I have purchased locally have split and I'm looking for a better alternative.
How wide is the lip
Can I request it be shipped flat? From reviews it appears that's the best way.
What direction is it 53"?
I've read that some have received this product flat and others rolled in a box. I prefer this flat, can you guarantee this?
Has anyone tried to cut one of these things to size? I have a desk set up with 2 leg runners 33 inches apart ( inner to inner). 36 is too wide.
Does this product get shipped flat?
what is the size of the lip?
what's the thickness?
Is it compatible with windows 8
Why the printer didn't come with a cable to connect it to the computer?
does it print duplex (manual is fine)
Can this printer be used as a wireless printer, if desired?
WILL THIS PRINTER HOOK INTO A GATEWAY19.5 AJODCPYMT COMPUTER IT HAs usb in key board and 2 usb2.0 ports
DOES IT COME WITH A CARTRIDGE
THIS BRINGS BOTH PRINTER CARTRIDGES?
Will it print with black ink only????
how high can the tray raise above the mounting
Can it swivel left and right also or is it just the tilt and inward outward motion that are adjustable?
Would this tray be appropriate for a curved corner desk if mounted in the middle of the curved section?
How low can this tray drop from the top of the mount/bottom of table?
Can the tray slide completely under the desk? The 17 3/4" 3M model protrudes 2-3 inches from the desk when it is slid under.
Can this be attched under a counter top work station?
I have a keyboard that is 8 inches wide. It appears that this should fit on the tray with the wrist rest in place -correct?
Hi what is the dimension of the mounting bracket?
Just wondering how far out infront of the desk can the keyboard tray extend?
How wide is the tray?
How many inches is the track that mounts under the desk?
Does this tray "slide" in?
how wide is the tray including the moust pad? Can you put the mouspad over the keyboard and then slide under the desk so it will fit under desk that are not very wide?
1. Can the wrist pad(s) be removed? 2. How thick does the desk have to be to mount the keyboard tray?
Can I install this tray in the corner of an L-shape desk?
Are the wrist rests removable?
How many inches does the tray adjust down or up when using the adjustable arm?
My desk top is 7/8" thick. Is this enough for to attach the tray arm to the desk top?
I have a Logitech ergo keyboard that is 10" front to back at it's deepest and 19" side to side. Will this tray fit my keyboard?
What size keyboard will this accommodate?
The dimensions given are 1.8 x 10 x 6. Which side is 6"? The previous questions do not cover this.
what color is it gray or black? Pic is black, but some reviewers state they received a gray one. I want the black color. Thx.
Does it have a non-skid bottom?
What is the true width laying flat? The descriptions refer to 10" and most full keyboards are about 17". A bit confused...Help?
Please remove the photo showing varying shades of blue, purple and green. These pens are not available in those colors according to the Pilot website. Yes, the listing says that colors may vary, or are assorted, but what it doesn't tell you is that you...
What colors are the 7 inks? Thanks.
So is this pack 2 different purples and three different blues?? Confused...
I am looking at your reviews. Are the colors I will be receiving the ones pictures. I do not want red and pink...I am after the purple colors.
How would this hold up to say being used in a semi rough environment? (Gun Range) Getting tossed around a bit and possibly some dirt and gun oil.
Is the 3 ring binder removeable?
Could I fit a 9x12 sketch pad spiral bound at the top into this portfolio instead of a legal pad or would it be too wide?
Does this binder have a carrying handle?
Can someone tell me the dimensions of the mesh pocket under the calculator? I want to see if my phone will fit. Thanks!
what size paper fits in this notebook?
I want to buy 30 black units, but as the description says "Assorted colors" and you can't specify the color, I am a little worried. Could you help me
what are the assorted colors?
what is the size of rings? how many pages are fit in ?
Does it have a plastic feel? Will my wrist be sticking to it?
Is this product pliable? Will it bend to conform to a curved keyboard? Thanks
does it have an odor
Is this product comfortable. I'm trying to get it for my brother because he types all day for his work.
Could anyone provide the length of the indentation in the middle of the wrist rest? Thanks!
What are the dimensions?
Does it come with tape
Does the DYM 12966 differ from the DYM 12965 in any way other than color?
Is the tape sticky? looking for one for my home daycare to label everything.
I have to ask, I remember owning/using this as a kid. But with today's technology what is the advantage to this over anything else besides cost?
is it capital letters only?
does this label presser have raised letters
does this have the raised letters
Plastic embossning label
Mine has stopped advancing. Does anyone have any suggestions to fix it (beside throwing it in the river?) Thanks!
Does this have 1/4" tall letters? If yes, then does Dymo make one with smaller letters? Like 3/16" or so?
Does this clear the ink cartridge counter?
I have a Canon PIXMA MP495 (not listed) but cartridge is a 210XL, will this work?
what is the blue tool used for? thanks
can this be used for the PG 240?
Does this come with ahand drill?
Will this kit refill a Canon Pixma mp280? I have been using the Canon 280XL cartriges, will it refill them?
Does this work for Canon Pixma MG2520 uses ink cartridges PG-245 Black and CL-246 Color?
have cannon pixma mp280 -they list all mp models but not 280 -has anyone used these for my model -thanks
Will this work for Canon MG2220, are they ALL: pigment-based or dye-based inks and, is the black the same type as the Y/C/M?
Can this kit be used for Cannon MP495
Is this file cabinet metal or wood?
I am looking for lockin patient chart files. Will this accomodate Smead chart files?
What kind of door is on the top file holding the books ?
Hello! I am in need of a filing cabinet just like this, but are all the drawers like the top one? Meaning is their a way to expose the files inside?
Do each of the drawers lock?
Does this item ship assembled?
Will this item ship UPS or Freight service?
I don't think mine works. Are you suppose to activate it somehow?
What kind of erasers does this pencil take and where can you find the erasers for sale?
Some reviewers said their pencil was made in China, are the ones being sold now made in Japan?
How much of a single stick of lead does the pencil use? How short is it before the pencil can no longer grip the lead?
how do you put a new lead inside the pencil?
Anyone know if the lead is suitable for use on a scantron that requires #2 pencils to be used? Thanks :)
Hello All, Love this pencil, however, I wish it had a top to cover the lead..Does anyone have an idea as to where I might find one?
Weird, I got a Pilot G-2 gel pen in the sealed package with the lead/eraser - anyone else???
When buying the double pack. Amazon shows (2) Separate packages however the description implies (1) package of 2 pencils. Which is it?
How do I stop the lead from going in when I put the pencil on the paper? I changed the lead, but it didn't help. It won't write.
is this a pack of pencil or just one
black warrior HB2 lead not dark anymore, what happened?
I am looking for Mirado Black Warrior No. 2.5 --- Is that the same as #2?
Will the lead hold up to a heavy hand? Just out of bad habit that will never change, I press very hard usually resulting in flying lead.
Are these round pencils or do they have angled edges? thanks.
I'm a beginning writer and are these worth trying for my new series
Do these come pre sharpened ?
Whats the difference between the Black Warriors and Mirado Classic Yellow pencils?
How do Mirado Black Warriors compare to black Dixon Ticonderoga's and the Palomino Blackwing?
Are these the ones that were made in the USA or the new ones that are made in Mexico? I've noticed a slight difference when writing using old and new.
Can you slide the keyboard underneath while still having the drawer in place?
Is the storage tray removable to slide a 17" laptop underneath the stand?
Is the true width on this thing actually 19.9"? I am asking because my desk hutch only has a 20.2" opening.
Will this support approximately 26lbs or slightly more? I have an HP all-in-one PC. I am having a hard time finding one that will.
Is the back side of the stand finished? Can I turn it around if I want the compartments to be on the left?
up to what size monitor will this hold?
Will this support a Brother HL-5170DN laser printer which weighs 32 lbs. without paper?
Has anyone used this for a printer? My brother personal laser printer that weighs 23 pounds. It is a bit wider than the stand but I think 's fine.
Are Amazon's dimensions of 11.9" wide and 19.9" deep correct or is it the other way around?
What is the width of the top platform, rather than the 19.9" width which I assume is the footprint, including the arched side arms?
do they erase
0.5 or 0.7 ?
Do the light colors show up well on paper, because some people said no and others said yes.
Are the pastel colors opaque enough to show up on dark fabric?
So I realize these are markers but can someone comment on how thin the tip is when writing?
Does the yellow show up on black or other dark fabrics? The orange does not.
How wide is this webbing?
The stitching is green?
What color is the detail on the upholstery webbing? I would like to weave it to make a small area rug. Thank you!
the microSD card is included with the scanner or we have to buy seperately?
does it have ocr?
where can I get User's Manual (User Guide) for this product?
Can you scan photos? Also, will it be in color? Thanks!
how many pages a battery can scan
can you scan more than 1 page and still group together as one file?
Is it useful to scan books?
Power button doesn't respond with new batteries. There is no sign of battery leakage. Is it possible to fix it?
Do you have to have an SD card, or you can scan directly to the computer via bluetooth or USB?
Can this be used like an OCR pen? If I take notes, can it scan like other OCR highlighter pens?
Please list all the "click-stop" elevation heights BETWEEN the min (1") and the max (9.25") , including the lowest setting ABOVE 1"?
weight capacity?
Should the length of keyboard need to be taken in consideration? . Scissor Lift work functionally on the desk?
My work keyboard is flat on the desk. Its much too low. I need the keyboard to elevate at the very least 4 inches higher, can this adjust 4 in up?
is this for a keyboard or a laptop
Is this the right tool for punching a hole onto the Canon 104 toner cartridge?
I have a canon 104 compatible staples STC-R20. Does that necessitate the use of a holemaker?
Are there different kinds of ink toners. I have bottles from my hp p2035 can i use if for my brother 3140cw???
is it works on 220 volt? or is it proper tool for the toner of hp laserjet M1132?
Is it the right tool to refill toner cartridge of Samsung SL-M2020W/XAA Wireless Monochrome Printer?
What voltage? 110, 220, type of plug?
Hello, Is this tool needed for the Canon MF8280cw toner cartridges?
What type of plug/diameter is needed to plug the hole made by this tool?
i want to buy in india
Would I need this tool for the Dell B1160w cartridge MLT- D101S?
Does this item open to "stor"e papers?
What does this item weigh?Is is good for reading and writing on or more of a display piece?
Is it possible to get more pictures of this. What does it look like inside? Folded up?
WHAT ARE THE DIMENSIONS OF THIS ITEM?
Does this product work on Apple MacBooks?
Does the trigger button in the bottom "leg" leave a mark on the paper like some other pen scanner does?
Does this pen have internal memory &amp; battery ? Can it work independent of a computer? Or does it work only if connected by bluetooth / USB to a comp ?
how does this differ from the multilingual version which costs $2 more?
does it work with a mac
Does this work with Windows 8 64 bit?
Does this work with Windows 7?
How long is the USB cord? If necessary, can a USB extension cable be used? Thanks!
Does this chair have: 1. Spring Tilt Control Mechanism, 2. Tilt Tension Control Knob 3. Pneumatic Seat Height Adjustment, and Does padding hold up?
How long is the warranty?
What is the seat width and depth?
What is the maximum weight limit on this chair?
what is the seat depth; max seat height and width? Thanks
can this punch a new hole in vertical blinds vanes, I need to be able to punch an oval shaped hole horizontally/crosswise (not vertically up-and-down) will this do the job and will the vertical vane fit into the guides?
How deep into the paper will this punch go...I see the one adjustable slide, but how do I adjust the depth and what depth ranges are there?
Will this puncher work on 30mil PVC ID card Stock ?
How do you sharpen?
WHAT SCHAPE IS THE PUNCH
Woudl it work with .8mm proximity cards without damaging it?
can this handle 150 holes in pvs vertical blinds? thanks
what is the size of the reactangular hole that it punches out?
so would the lefthanded side be for a left handed person
Is this for adult use too. I'm looking for these chairs for my meeting room.
What are the dimensions of the desk top, please?
Does the chair fold-up for storage and can the tablet-arm lift up at all for multiple uses of the chair?
Hello, I am upset because I just ordered this item this week. Today I see you offer free shipping for this same product. I was charged $15.60 for s/h. If I returned and reordered, I would be charged twice for s/h. Please advise.
Can I stamp without the date on it?
Do the possible symbols for this stamp include ( _ ) ? For instance-AAA_000. Can we do this with this stamp, plus a date, and "entered?" Thank you.
Can I set up previous years on this stamp (like the years 2007-2012)? For example...to be able to have a date similar to APR 10 2009?
Can I customize this to do weekday, month, day, year?
I work in a factory where I need Initials, Date, Shift and Time(A, B, C, or D) on labels. Can I get all of this on it or is it only a date stamp?
What is the height of the letters?
Are these good for a thicker pencil such as a mechanical pencil? Are these good for bigger hands like a teen's or an adult's?
Is it easy to get the pencil in and out?
Why is shipping cost added in when it says free shipping?
Would these grips work for an older student to remediate pencil grip? I'm looking for something to help a 12-year-old. Thanks!
Does anyone know if this product will work for a left-handed child?
Can it be used with right handed or left handed writers?
Can I plug a hands-free headset to the phones (handsets)?
does it ring independently on the hand held receiver?
I have a phone that works through my internet so it's not a land line will the phone still work if I hook it up
Does it have intercom?
Does this have audio caller id?
is it completely cordless
Can you set an alarm on the phones?
can you plug in a headset for hands free?
do you need a phone line for each phone?
Is there a Do Not Disturb button?? the phone will still record an incoming message, it just won't ring and wake everyone up??
Does it come with some starter pouches and where do I get more?
I just received this in the mail. It makes a LOT of noise when its heating up. Is it suppose to do this? Or did I get a bad one?
Auto-shut off? Can it shut down it self (the heating element part) when left unattended?
I stay in Singapore, would this machine voltage be fit for the 3pin UK standard power socket ?
Do I need to buy pouches? Or should I just insert the paper to laminated?
So I've had this for a year and never opened it. Can anyone give me some ideas of neat things to do with it? I am a mom of a lot of kids if that helps
so will it only do up to 4 X 6or will it do a full sheet - the description is confusing
What is the maximum size of paper can it handle?
Can a carrier be used with a pouch in this laminator or does it not get warm enough?
Is this machine good for preserving photos?
Does it come with HDMI Auxiliary Ports or RCA
Is this the GXV3175v2 ?
what version is this one...? Is it 2 line voip and wireless internet viewing?
can I used skype on it?
Will this work with Ringcentral?
Does it work with skype?
Besides the economy print function, are there any other settings or apps. to use that control how much toner is being used or control it.
Is this a multifunction printer or isn't it? Under tech details it lists "fax, copying, scanning, color, wireless" but I see no other mention of it.
what does a fatal error 0F54H mean?
what exactly is the H/W/L of this product?
Does the Konica Minolta Magicolor 3730DN printer ship with the toner included?
For duplexing this says "automatic" ... Does this printer do full-duplexing, i.e. print on both sides or not, and why not just say that?
The printer is listed as 32 MB of memory. Sometimes I find that pdf print jobs take over 1.6 GB of spool. How does this printer handle large jobs?
Will this handle a glossy sheet, 11 x 18 in.?
Is this printer very noisy?
Is this stand sturdy enough to hold a small home printer? By dimensions, my printer would fit, but of course, weights more than an monitor.
What is the overall height? in one place it says 6 1/2" and in another says it's 8 1/2"...thanks
What size monitor and/or lbs is this designed to hold?
I'm thinking of this for my new MacMini setup. Is the back of the top shelf open, and what is the inside height of the open space in that top shelf?
does this have 360 swivel?
is this chair mid back or high back
does this chair support a heavy person over 200lbs?
does this chair tilt? If so, is it only the back that tilts while the seat remains stationary or do the seat and back both tilt together?
What color is it? In the picture it appears black. One reviewer mentioned brown; another white. And if there's a range, how does one chose?
how short is the chair? I am 5'2
"Heavy duty base" Is the base metal or plastic?
How comfortable is this chair? I want one that is really nice for my computer desk. Also is it nice and firm?
be assembled?
Does the assembly requires tools, or else it can be done by hands?
I need to order a replacement part, please tell me how
What is the warranty?
weight capacity
Does it tilt?
What replacement wheels would you suggest?
Does this come with inks? Does this comes with inks?
Does it print from apple products without downloading a special brother app?
This might be a stupid question but does it have to be a Brother Ink Cartridge to work in this printer or can some other brand ink cartridge work?
Does anyone know the DPI numbers for this printer? I need to print high quality 11x14 photos with high DPI.
can you print to it from an ipad?
Is this printer able to print Sublimation ink on Sublimation paper?
Can you print documents from a usb or only photo's
I know the flatbed scanner can handle 11x17 scanning....does the ADF tray support 11x17 as well?
I may need to scan larger pieces of artwork than 11x17 in sections, so can you scan with the lid open?
I know this can print 11x17, but can it also scan an 11x17 document?
Can you use 8/2 x 14 inch paper
PC world says that this scans a max flatbed doc size of 8.5x11.7, but this seems to imply it scans flatbed 11x17 at one pass. Which is true?
How do I connect this printer directly to my laptop? I don't see an input for the typical small "square'ish" plug with a USB cord?
How good is the paper feed?
Does this model print onto CD's??? Brother MFCJ6710DW Business Inkjet All-in-One Printer
I print a lot of full color 11" x 17" flyers. How many sheets of this size paper will it feed through at once?
This is so much more expensive than the newer model mfc-j6720dw. Seems same features, so why is that?
Is this a flatbed scanner or does it only scan via document feed?
Does this print do duplex scanning, too?
Can you put 8 1/2 X 11" paper in one tray and 11 X17" paper in the other or is it only 8 1/2 X 14" capable in the paper trays?
Are the arm rests adjustable? Or removable?
does this chair recline at all
Where was this chair or its parts made
What is the seat height of this chair?
Where can I get replacement wheels?
I bought this chair but one of the wheels broke down today. Where can I get spare wheels?
How Durable is this chair?
How Comfy is this chair? Back and Bottom?
Does this chair have a reclining/tilt lever? Other than the normal heigh lever?
Good morning would like to know about my chairs that do not have sent me??
These cartridges have been very reliable for me. What is the best refill kit for these cartridges? Or is it better to just buy new ones?
How do I get the printer to recognize and accept the ink cartridges?
will thee cartridges work on my wf-7510?
New cartriges received but only the black cartrige is recognized by my printer EPSON NX415. The colors cartriges are not recognized, How fix.
does these cartridge require needle and syringes to fill the ink?
How do you customize your stamp? When I click to add it to cart and check out I never get asked what initials, address, or color I want?
What is the size of the stamp impression?
how long does it last ??
Is there an ink refill you can buy for this? Mine dried out VERY fast...not happy about it.
I just ordered this stamp and realized they never asked me what color I wanted or the info for the stamp to be personalized. Can I fix it?
this will work for epson 2530
Epson Stylus NX415 prints a blank page. I've cleaned nozzles and ink levels say full. Suggestions???
does this offer of ink cartirdges work on an Epson stylus nx200 ?
If they freeze during transit, will they work when thawed?
What should I do with all of my old OEM TO69 cartridges? I understand they are in demand - I just don't know where!
do these cartiges come with ink
does this work for epson workforce 30?
Do these ink cartrdges work with Epson NY 300?
Will they work for an Epson Stylus CX9400 FAX?
Will this work for my Stylus CX3800?
What size tape is the largest you can use in it? 1" or more?
How do I change the font?
what is the difference between the PT2030 and the PT2030VP?
Does this Label Maker work with the Mac?
How do i get it to print correctly? It'll print a tiny portion of the first letter and nothing more.
how to change length of label?
I lost the user's manual - can I print one off on line?
How do I prevent PT2030 from wasting tape when i print a label?
How do I change the font size?
is it 32 bit
twain 32 driver?
Is there wi-fi connectivity to a PC?
Is this compatible with Windows 7 Professional 64 bit?
Is this scanner twain complient?
Can it scan insurance cards and ID cards?
Will this scan pictures?
Does this come with usb cables? Are they 3.0 or 2.0?
Does this come with Adobe Acrobat Standard?
what printers use this ink?
Do I have to break the vacuum seal before installing?
How do I break down the vacuum seals of the LC-61 cartridges?
will lc61 workgreat with brother mfc-j415w
purchase just arrived. I can not install....seems to be blocked where gear looking thing is. Sorry but I am not good at this. Won't let me
What is the best percentage of ratings on these cartridges for a mfc495cs printer
I need to find a printer that goes with this ink. What Brother printers is this compatible with, printers that are CURRENTLY being sold on Amazon? Thx
is this ink compatable with MFCJ4700W?
Will these work with MFC-J4620DW? I haven't purchased the printer yet because I want to make sure I can get affordable ink. Any other suggestions?
Do these ink cartridges work with the MFC-J875DW?
Plan on ordering 1000 slips. Can I find out the starting number to make sure it isnt a duplicate of a previous slip?
Can we write out the slip instead of using imprinter?
looking to get 20 packs of these, would it still be $3.50 shipping on each pack?
Does the credit card number appear on the customer's copy? If so, is it all the numbers or just the last 4 digits?
Is the bottom copy made of a stiffer paper than the top copy? I prefer this because my imprinter makes a cleaner copy (without ghosting) with this ki
How many slips in the bag?
Can I purchase multipule packs with consecutive numbers?
How many are in a pack?
how many slips for $2.80 + Shp
I am planning on purchasing an Epson Expression Premium Xp-810, will this CIS work with this printer?
I keep seeing pictures and videos of this. If you install in Epson Artisan 1430 do you have to print with the top of the printer open?
Will this Fantasy CIS work on my Epson Artisan 730 ?
I have artisan 800, wanted to know: if I put this system CIS, the printer cover me will stay open. o with your system, the top closes perfect my print
is this one working with epson xp 600?
Is there a CIS that will work on the Epson XP 850 printers? It uses the Epson 277 series cartridges.
Is CIS cartidges work on Epson Artisan 800?
Getting Error Message: What should i do??
Hey guys, I just put my chair together and I can't figure out how to adjust anything? Can anyone help? The stick-thing doesn't do anything.
The description says that the height is 38 - 42 inches. Is that the height of the seat or the tallest part of the back?
Can these kneeling chairs also be used to supplement some "sitting time" with a standing desk?
I have a drafting table will this chair raise to to correct height? Drafting table is 35 inches
Could someone please tell me the highest height for the seat cushion itself? (not back supporter)
Will this chair support a person that is 300 pounds? If not, any suggestions where to find one?
I am concerned about the fit for a person of height 5'5". I've had a kneeling chair in the past and loved it, so I'm hoping this will work for me.
I need a replacement pneumatic cylinmder for my chair. Can I purchase from AMazon or directly from you?
what is the lowest this seat will go because i am 5'3?
How well are the casters holding up on this chair?
What is the depth of the seat from front to back?
Does it have tilt option
How high does the seat go?
Anyone know where to buy the armrests? I might need them to hold me in place in case I fall asleep... Just kidding! I just like armrests on my chairs.
Does the chair have the ability to rotate 360 on the pedestal?
Arm rests? Does this mean that it comes with arm rests?
How many chairs can be stacked together?
When I put in my cart it says 23.17 plus 12.22 shipping??? So shipping would cost me like $73.32
I am wanting to order 6 of these andy way I can get a cheaper shipping rate??
How high is it from the floor to the seat? The dimensions given in the description are confusing.
Does this chair lean back?
What is the maximum and minimum seat heights?
What weight will it support?
Does it come with hardwood floor wheels?
how wide is the base with the wheels attached? It says the width is 19 1/2 inches but I want to make sure that's the base and not the seat.
Is the seat really 19.5 inches in width? I have an old wooden desk with a 20 inch opening for the chair and am wondering if this will really fit.
Does this chair swivel?
What are the dimensions of the bottom part? The legs where the wheels are.
Is this chair real leather ?
Is this a good chair for a student / study long hours? My current chair hurts my lower back. I have to stretch and move every hour
my built in desk has an opening of 22.5" will the seat part fit there? The width states 22 3/4" and I'm hoping that's the wider part by the arms.
Will this slide fairly easy on medium length carpet and not leave an "impression" on same if it's sat in too long?
How long does it take to assemble these?
Does the chair work well with the ikea's desks/tables whose legs are approx. 74cm high ? anyone has such experience?
How high is the seat from the floor?
How do I order 4 of these?
What is the Weight Limit?
I am trying to buy 8 chairs. Amazon allowed me to order 3 but then cancelled my order for three more. Can you contact me ASAP to place another order?
Does this phone have the headset jack? It comes up in my the search for cordless phones with the headset jack BUT in the specs, headset jack has no entry
Can the outgoing message be changed?
Are messages time/date stamped? My present system does not give any indication of when a message was received -- this is annoying.
can i turn off answering service
where can i get replacement batteries? two of my phones are dead and I assume need new batteries.
intercom
I want one of these for my bedroom, but I want to be able to turn the ringer off at night - is that possible without a big hassle ?
Does it wall mount
how far is the range from the base to handset?
When adding a name &amp; # to the phonebook (memory) does it update on all the handsets or do you have to enter it on all three handsets individually?
Is the nib solid gold or gold plated?
Where can I purchase ink refills for this pen?
Is the presentation box made of wood?
Are these inks compatible with the hp c7100?
does this cartridge fit HP C7280?
I hear there are expiration dates on these cartridges. Are yours un-expired? Thank you
Do I remove the 2 plastic pieces on cartridge before using? I did and ink squirted out. Hesitant as I do not want ink leaking inside my printer.
Are these compatsble with HP deskjet 2510 series ?
Are your ink cartridges recognized as genuine HP ink cartridges?
Are the Frames inserted into the printer, Or are they just used to reset the cart chips?
Hi, I have the Canon Pro9000 which use the CLI-8, Why is there PGI-5 Carts, Will they fit the Pro9000. Also do the Frames contain the ARC ,
what does pixma stand for ???
What are the dimensions of box and shipping weight?
Can this support big sized laptops like 17" or 18"?
What is the distance between the legs length wise?
What is the lowest height? What are the increments for raising/lowering it?
does this have a cooling pad ??
what is the height- tallest?
I will be using this item for a wireless full size keyboard and wireless mouse. Will this item work for what I am wanting to use it for? Thanks
would it fit my probook and at least one text book open for when im doing notes for school?
What is the height when it's fully extended?
Is the fan loud on a scale of 1-5 ? If face timing someone, can the fan interfere with the audio?
Does it have a jack for an external headset?
Does the back light stay on all the time, or only when an incoming call rings?
Does this phone have an AC power cord?
Does the redial feature included automatically dialing the 1 + area code if the redial phone number is long distance?
If an individual toner runs out - will the printer still print another color?Example if the blue toner is empty will the printer still print in black
If I want to bulk copy say 30 pages at a time can it be done?
Does this come with "starter" cartridges? or full size ink cartridges?
Is the printer overly noise or do the rollers make obnoxious noise?
Will this print legal size paper? 8.5 X 14
How cost efficient is this printer for operational use.
Does the front feeder or regular paper tray pull multiple sheets of card stock get jammed a lot? I also print on the back side- jammed with 2nd side?
To what formats will it scan? All will create a .pdf but will it create a .txt file?
Does this have an 'email to print' feature similar to HP's ePrint?
What is the path for envelope feeding...front to front (as in the MFC-7820N) or front to back (or vice versa), or something else?
are both drawers locked
Do I need to buy drawer frames for Pendaflex hanging files? It's really nice not to have to mess with all that ... thanks.
How wide is the *inside* of the drawer? I have 12" documents to file, so need a drawer that's at least 12" wide. Thanks.
does it have to be assembled?
exact dimensions, width, depth (22) and height???
is the top drawer an accessory drawer and the other 2 drawers for files
Does this cabinet come assembled? If not how difficult is the assembly?
Is it wood or metal?
What are dimensions of the cabinet? What is height of cabinet WITHOUT the roller wheels? Do the top 2 drawers lock?
Does is hold 12" x 12" paper?
are hanging racks included for file holders?
What size hanging file folders do I need to get?
do the two bottom drawers lock?
Does this cabinet come with a rail system, to hang file folders from.
Can I take the file hanging features out of the bottom two drawers? I like the design but don't need it for files; just other valuables.
Dimensions of cabinet please?
Draw extention 100%?
Is this file cabinet stackable? In other words, can I purchase two and stack one on top of the other?
That might sound odd but I can't find the keys to unlock the drawers! Am I missing something? Cause the drawers won't open!
Is there any assembly required? Can wheels be attached to make it portable?
does it come with roller? is top strong enough to keep printer/fax machine?
can where get a new key
What is the width of the drawer?
do the drawers have roller bearings
do the drawers have roller bearings
Does this system use the caps from the original cartridge?? So as to not have to remove the chip, just re-use the end cap...
will this work for the HP OfficeJet Pro 8600
Will this work HP 3050A ?
will it works for HP Deskjet 1280?
Is this system compatible with CC640WL and CC643WL model for HP Deskjet F4280?
are the inks in your ciss system -pigment ink or dye ink
hello, this system works for continuous ink hp deskjet 1000?
Is this compatible with an HP OfficeHet PRO 8100?
what kind of ink should i us for ink refill?
Does the kit include the filled cartridges, AND the ink bottles, as shown?
Does this have an Ethernet port in the back, or just ONLY a USB port? Thanks if you own one and you could check.
is toner included
mac computers
Will this print wireless, wifi, with a google Chromebook?
does this printer come with a toner?
Can this printer be used with Windows 8?
Is this actually a wireless printer? Is this actually a wireless printer?
DOES IT PRINT COLOR
Does this printer come with a USB cord or is that purchased separately?
how is wireless connection with a mifi unit?
does the caller id have a date time stamp for each call?
Is this a digital or analog system?
WHY ??? my message light will not stop flashing - even after I hear the message
can other dect 6.0 be used with this
one handset stopped working and says searching
Can you turn off the answering machine volume...off not down...so that vistiors to my home don't hear my incoming messages?
Will this work in a remote desktop environment--vmware, terminal servers, etc.?
can you just plug in the pedal to the computer to use for transcription that is on express scribe that is downloaded on to media player. i dont want to mess with the office computer, I just cant stand not having a foot pedal
I live in the UK and use windows media player would this pedal work with windows media player if so how
Does it need special software to use digital video saved on a USB flash drive? If so what do I need? thanks. LS
my vpedal suddenly stopped working. I checked the USB port and it's connected correctly, but nothing happens when I press down. What can I do about this?
Product Comparison? Is there an easy way to compare two amazon.com products side by side?
Will it refuse to print if any of the colored cartridges are empty?
How to I scan legal pages through the ADF? It keeps scanning 8.5x11. Setting Setup | Fax Settings | Scan Settings | Page Size to legal does nothing.
Is this a multi page scanner?
Can the printer print cardstock?
What do you have to do in order to print wireless from iPhone, iPad &amp; laptop?
Scan to memory card? Can you scan to a memory card on the printer, and afterward access the card, copy from a PC?
How old is this product? Has anyone owned this Epson WorkForce 840 for a year or more?
does this printer have 2 separate paper trays? One to hold 8 1/2 x 11 and one for 8 1/2 x 14???? this is a must for me...
Can this printer print 11x17 sheets?
Does it include voice mail/answering component for missed calls?
Is the base adapted for mounting on the wall?
how many other handsets can you add to this phone
Does the ringer have a volume adjustment, or is it just on or off?
Does this phone have call waiting?
is this compatible with VOIP
The picture of the phone has a red cross button on the upper right, but Clarity's website photo has a different button. Which one is Amazon shipping?
answering machine capacity
WARRANTY FOR CLARITY XLC34
Does this work with a digital service? I purchased another one of your models and it did not work with the digital line.
I bought these and both of the black inks don't work. One said depleted and the other is very faded.
What printers did these work on or not work on? Would it work on an HP deskjet 460?
will these work on hp c3100
are these inks any good? for someone purchasing from the caribbean..
Will this work in my HP Photosmart 2610 all-in-one printer/fax/scanner/copier?
why when I replace the ink cart other than the original, my printer dont take it
Vs. CLP-315W? Anyone know what improvements are?
How to I get to view ink/toner status monitor on my Samsung clp-325w printer
everytime i try to print, a message comes up telling me that my toner cartridge has to be replaced. i recently replaced it and there is still ink.
Can I use 4 black cartridges on it
Beeping!!! Has anyone had problems with the CLP-325W beeping like crazy?
Hi...is this "NEW"? and do you have (2) in-stock ready to ship?
does it print the pdf417 barcode?
Is this printer compatible with Windows 8?
Does this printer self-feed #10 envelopes and, if so, how many envelopes will it hold and self-feed?
1. Can it be Right OR Left return? If not, do you offer the Right return? 2. Do you offer matching 4 drawer file cabinets?
Will this be able to fit my current monitor setup? I have 4 21.5" monitors on a floating stand, with two 26" monitors flanking it.
Is this desk really worth the money? I am considering on buying it for my gaming setup.
Can the keyboard tray be placed under EITHER the desk or the return?
How deep is the hutch? can It hold binders?
What is the width of the desk?
Do you offer matching book cases for this desk?
Is the longest dimension (88") of the unit across the front of the desk or from the the front of the desk to the back of the hutch?
does this desk come pre assembled or partial assembled?
Is the hutch included with this U-desk?
Does this cabinet REALLY hold 416 DVD's? I want to make sure this cabinet will be big enough, before put all my money, blood, sweat and tears into it.
Would it be possible to purchase this piece of furniture in black?
would it be possible to sand this and stain a dark black?
Is this fully assembled before shipment?
are these toners often dried up and unable to be print worthy
Do this work with Canon MX470 ?
do these fit Canon Ip2600? My old package has 30/31 marked on it. 30 for black, 31 for color
how do I make it work on my Printer P 190
they do not fit my Cannon Pixma 470X printer - and they are supposed to -- what do I do
How do I get these to work with my Canon MP210?
Does it work for the Astronaut Pen, AG 7 model ?
what is the shelf life of these refills?
I want blue ink. How do I get blue ink refils?
Will these refills fit the fisher space pen non-reflective military cap-o-matic?
My Fisher space pen requires a 3.5 inch refill. Will this work?
Will this fit a Parker Jotter pen?
Does this product work in the Brother J835DW printer/fax/scanner?
Will this work for Brother MGC-J430W ?
can i recycle these cartages
Is this a refilled cartridge?
Will this cartridge fir the MFC-6490CW?
Does this fit the MFC-J435W?
does this fit the brother mfc-j425w
does the printer need all three cartridges to function? I need only black.
Is the geniune brother ink
What is the expiration date for cartridges you currently ship?
Are these refilled or remanufactured cartridges?
Does this black XL ink cartridge fit in the refill location alongside the regular color cartridges? Or do I need to buy all standard size?
willit fitt Brother MFC-J825DW?
does this fit mfc j825dw
Does this fit the Brother MFC-J870DW? THANKS!
Why does it calculate sales tax on my order. I live in florida.....never has before.
does this fit the Brother MFC-430W printer?
does the LC75BK fit Brother MFCJ435W printer?
Does this version have space for a handcuff key under the glass breaker, like some of the other Uzi tactical pens?
can the pen be carried onto an airplane?
Does the point retract or is it always exposed
I have this exact model &amp; it does have a handcuff key, but What purpose is served by being able to unscrew the glass break tip?
Are the shelves large enough to hold stacks of mens shoe boxes?
is this a black color or a dark brown
What tools do you need to put this cabinet together?
is the back of this piece cardboard?
Is this good as a bookcase?
What is this made of? Is the core made of MDF?
I want to use it as a book case. Can I add more shelves?
Is it possible to secure to the wall for safety? Are any mounting brackets for securing it to a wall included?
What is the width on this cabinet?
How much weight will each shelf hold? I need it as a pantry
is this toner compatible with Canon imageCLASS LBP6000?
Is this toner powder based? I'm looking for a laser printer that uses powder, not ink.
how many pages per cartridge?
is this OEM?
is this toner works fine on Canon imageCLASS LBP6000?
Will these cartridges survive winter months of freezing in unoccupied home?
How many pages does the manufacturer say it is supposed to print?
There is a place to plug in a USB Bar Code scanner?/
Does it hook up to any credit card reader via serial cable?
I need one that will let me look up past sales data at any time for any date. Will this do that? Or is the data erased after printing?
Getting ready to buy this model. I know it is suppose to use a PS700 barcode scanner, box says uses a VGA cable, USB or RS-232 or 9-Pin or 15 pin?
Can I reset the GT (Grand Total sales amount) so it starts on zero ?
Does this register have the option to turn the receipt printer on/off ?
what type of barcode scanner does this unit take, USB / parallel?
power out power back cash register wont power in what shall i do?
Is there a key to program a discount? or how do you put in a 40% discount on each item
What type/brand of SD card does it take and how many GB will it handle? My machine didn't accept a 2GB PNY optima SD. But did accept a 1GB.
What is the maximum weight for the scale?
Does it come with an AC adaptor?
Since the picture shows a 5 lb. scale, does the 15 lb scale look like the one shown?
is the capacity 5lb? or 15lb? the picture indicates 5lbs as printed on the scale.
Product dimensions?
Does it have an electic cord or just battery power?
What is the warm up time for this postal scale?
Is the document feeding double-sided? Could anyone answer this question?
I bought this printer from someone and do not have the cd that was supposed to go with it. How can I install the printer since I don't have the cd?
Single Ink vs Fine Ink? This canon uses fine ink correct?
I bought this Pixma MX 410 at a garage sale. told me great fax machine I plugged it in and comes up with printer error B200 Dont know what I have to do Any Help??You tube said take a hammer to it
What is the size of the flatbed scanner? Will it accommodate legal size paper?
Can you plug a USB in this printer or can you put a memory card from your camera in the printer?
How can I print documents from my Mac only in black?
what format will it scan into?
How do I install this printer?
user manual
What is the quality of the scanning feature?
How can you scan several pages to be in one attachment?
Anyone know how to resolve error code 5B00? I've looked up all the On/Stop button mashing instructions I can find but it's not working. Other ideas?
suggestions for low cost replacement ink cartridge for the MX420?
does it print on both sides?
Where can one get an operating manual for this machine?
Are the XL cartridges compatible with this model??
Card stock? Has anyone ran card stock through this printer?
Use of card stock: Has anyone used card stock?
I need a printer that will print stacks of 4x6 and 3x5 index cards. Will this printer do it for me with out constantly jamming like my HP does?
Can you scan/copy from books
Is the cost of printing affordable?
Can it print 3x4?
does this model airprint from i-pad
Is this printer able to air print from iPad air
Is this a wireless set up?
how to use airprint feature
Is this printer compatible with ipad2
Is there a rear upright paper feed on this printer, or only a cartridge?
yield per cartridge?
IX 6520--printing heaviy paper/canvas? Does the IX6520 print heavier paper?
Will this take heavy paper?
If I run out of ink in the color cartridges will it run using just the black cartridge. Reason is I mostly print in black text not using color a lot.
ink
How does the printer handle envelopes? Do they go in the way paper does, or do they go in sideways? Are there any media loaded incorrectly problems?
Does the printer force you to print in RGB mode or can you print in CMYK mode?
Will this printer print borderless all the way up to the largest paper size? (Please answer only if you know for sure.)
Apparently it will not "do" duplex printing...any good solution to this problem? I use it frequently. Thanks in advance!
The product title says this is a 4 handset bundle. The picture shows 5 handsets. The Product description says 2 handsets, How many are included?
Does the system has two lines?
Does it have a call block feature, and a hold button on the handsets?
Does it have caller id?
Do the handsets have a jack for a headset
CAN I HOOK UP A FAX TO THIS PHONE
Are replacement blades available? If so, what is the cost?
Where can I order additional plastic cutting blocks?
How to adjust the blade so it cuts square?
I purchased one of these cutters. Now that I have turned the cutting stick I need to adjust the blade height. Is there a user manual.available?
Has anyone thought of sharpening a dull blade? If so, what did you use to do it and how did it work?
Is it easy to turn pages?
can you use this with a nook
can you wash it?
Does the light blue fabric show dirt easily?
Will this scanner work with Windows 8 64-bit?
How long does it take to scan and create a searchable PDF from a magazin color page at 300dpi approximately not using the ADF but using the flatbed?
can i scan plastic cards through the ADF?
When scanning a bunch of photos using the scanner will it create a separate .jpg for each photo scanned ?
Can this be used with a Mac OSX version 10.9.4?
How is the scanned quality? I need to scan documents for print later. The scans must be clean without any background.
Is the bed of the scanner at least legal size (14" long) so I can put a legal paper on the bed and not the ADF?
Can this be used at both 120V AC and 230V AC?
Do you have to wait long for the first scan (warm up wait)? Epson 7500 claims short wait time with "Light Source: ReadyScan LED."
can it scan to the storage device directly when it is connected to usb without PC?
does this open in the back to be able to put tubsunder the table easily?
Question !!!!! do you think this will work with tables are 29 tall 29.5 wide and 5 foot long I cant seem to find a 5 ft one...
I am seeing many DJ's use this. Does the Table cloth have pockets or holes, for cables to run through?
I just want to say a big thank you for all the responses. Because of your help I inserted the ink pad and it works like a charm. Estelle
What years does it stamp?
Do your fingers get ink on them when you are changing the date?
Would the ink smear on the backs of photos? I want to use this to date photographs. Thank you!
Will this work on aluminum or metallic material/paper/plastic? (At least if let dry?)
Since this stamp is good for about 10 years, can the ink be refilled or replaced if it dries up?
Some stamps (if you're clever) can be disassembled carefully and have the date order rearranged. I'd like something like 25-APR-2015. Can it be done?
Does it come with a case or something so it could be put in a bag?
Does it actually stamp with the dotted box around the date?
Once the ink cartridge is installed can you leave it in without the ink drying up, or do you need to take it out and replace the cover in between uses
Is this a set of two binders? If not, how do we specify which design we would like to order?
Does this binder has inside pockets for unpunched paper?
Is this cardboard - will it bend easily.
How does delivery work? Do they bring up to your office and install in the space?
does it come with a lock and key?
could you give me the measurements
metal or composite
why am i having trouble closing the bottom drawer?
Is the drawer full extension?
Is this file for legal sized only?
does this file cabinet hold both legal and letter size files?
Is the shipping really only $5.95?
Do you have the option of hanging files either front of cabinet to back or only from facing left side of drawer to right?
Does this clock include the Payclock V6 software
Has anyone successfully connected this clock to a Wi-Fi range extender such as the NETGEAR N300?
Does this system come with any badges?
How long is the warranty and Lathem support?
What happens when the computer dies that interacts with the machine? Also can you custom install where the database lives like any other software?
Does it work with Quickbooks Enterprise software?
can the information be accessed remotely, from another location?
Does this machine have or need battery backup, or does info/hours get sent to software in real time?
Does this machine need to be hard wired in order to transfer data?
I need a replacement for the PC600 we currently have in place? we have all the software just a cracked screen on the clock ?
how good is it for photos ?
Will this scan legal size document? Also can you scan document to PDF
Will this scanner scan card stock?
When scanning do you need to have a software to scan it to? I hope this makes sense&gt;&gt;.Sorry for sounding stupid
I am running windows 8 What software do I need to scan with?
How many pages can sit in the document feeder each time?
Can this scanner enlarge 3"x3" photos to 36"x36" posters at 300 D.P.I.?
Can this scan quality color images?
Does this scanner work with windows vista
Is OCR software included
Item is listed as TZE-241, but picture shows TZ-241(no 'E') - which one is this? Another seller on Amazon shows the TZE pkg but at a different price.
I assume 1/2" would be the height of the printing. what would be the height of the entire tape, for example 1" total height?
Approximately how many labels can I get out of the cartridge? I am wanting to do a basic barcode for laptop inventory. Thanks.
Is this the entire cartridge or is it just the tape? I am going to need a whole new cartridge. Thank you!
wil this tape fit my pt-2030ad printer
Hello, I want to know if this label of 18mm fits on pt-1090bk. Thanks
I have a PTouch 2430PC - the tape (per Brother) that I need is TZeS241 - this one ha no S - is this the correct tape for my PTouch?
How long does this tapes lettering last? Labeled my spices that sit on the counter last year and printing has faded to the point of unreadable. Thx
Does this come with any vinyl sheet protectors? If so, how many?
How many pages can fit in this binder?
How many inches deep (front to back) is the binder when in the presentation position? Trying to see how much counter space it would take for recipes!
Would binder divers work inside this binder?
Does this binder have a vinyl pocket on the cover or spine for inserting a cover sheet?
I like the eco paper type binders. Does this one smell of plastic/vinyl? Thanks.
how well does this stay up ? does it have velcro or other way to fasten open?
Does the tilt adjust to the point of being completely parallel to the floor?
Does it slide on a wood floor?
How heavy is the footrest? I want to take it on a cruise.
Does it lock into place or does it only "rock"? Want something stable.
Can I stand on it?
Is footrest comfortable for bare feet?
is there a way to tighten the see-saw motion? it's too loose and doesn't hold it's place very well and i find myself trying to balance the stand?
Does the platform locks, so there is no rocking motion?
Once it is in the position you like, how much force can it take without shifting its angle or position?
does this have a non-skid surface so i can wear my dress shoes without slipping?
What are the dimensions? I couldn't find this anywhere.
how far apart are the bottom shelves? i just purchased this unit and want to put storage boxes on the bottom shelf and don't know what size to buy.
Can you adjust the shelf height of the bottom top shelf and can you buy a separate bar to hang clothes from the raised shelf?
how many pound total when it still in box?
how difficult was it to assemble?
Could I use this unit without the wheels? I need a stationary storage soltuion.
Dis-assembly: Can you take this unit apart for easy transport and then re-assemble it?
is the top shelf adjustable?
How wide is this item?
4 wheels at the bottom, do they have wheel clock?
Does the market tray have to be attached to the frame?
is this magnetic
Can this board be easily mounted to cubicle walls? If so, what hardware is required to mount? Thanks!
Are the black corners removable?
Is this board magnetic?
Can you use it in portrait mode ? Can the tray be attached to the short side ?
can you watch video presentations on it
can it handle paper with staples ?
What is the gallon size of the paper shred storage?
How long can this unit run before stopping or shutting down?
What is the most difficult part of putting this chair together? Can one person do it? Thank you for your help.
the mahogany trim looks very red in the photo- is this an accurate picture? Which wood trim is darker and more brown, mahogany or cherry?
Is this a high back chair ? Is the back high enough to rest my head/neck on it? Or does the back cut you in the middle of your spine?
What is the height from the floor to the arm...need to push the chair under table.
I assume the height of this chair assembled is 39". When all put together, what is the depth and width of this chair?
What is the weight capacity? I have a few very large customers.
What's the box size of the unassembled chair for shipping purposes? L x W x H
What is the height of the seat from the floor.. top of the seat.
What is the seat width?.
How are screws applied. There is a washer, O ring. Do they stay against screw head when screwing leg on?
What is the height of the back of the chair? Is it good back support? It looks a little short
What assembly is required?
What is the seat height?
What is the arm height from the floor ? Thank you in advance for your help.
What is the Width (side to side) and Depth (front to back)? Dimensions are provided but it does not specify W/D/H
Is there an ottoman that exactly matches this chair? I'd like to purchase the two together for a reading corner in my study.
How far is the foot ring from the floor?
This says " 6-inch vertical height range" : what is the lowest &amp; the highest inches of sitting height?
Do the wheels lock? If not is that a problem? Thank you
how do the wheels attach? Am i just missing something?
What is the weight limit?
Does the chair have a brake to keep it from rolling around if your feet are on the footrest?
How wide is the seat and how thick is it?
is there any way easy way you can get the extension tube out once you get it in...because now its way to tall for me to sit on ..nice stool otherwise
What is the weight bearing capacity?
wieght max?
Seat height: How high is the actual seat itself at it's tallest position?
How high is the seat from the floor?
Is the base metal or plastic ?
How wide is the widest part of this chair (it looks like the base is the widest part). I have a very narrow room to turn.
Does the Boss drafting stool (B16245-BK) meet the CAL Bulletin #117/ Class 1 flammability rating?
What is the seat width?
What is the minimum seat height ?
How wide is the back?
How much weigth can it hold? I am looking for a chair like this for a 300 lb person.
short
does it read one word and then tell the meaning of the word? Can you understand the voice of the person saying the word? Can you buy this local?
Hi, I know it says it reads lines and or the word but I am really looking for something that will read textbooks, would this work?
The description page advertises the 2 year protection for $8.95, but that changes to $19.17 when added to the cart. Why?
Can you use this pen to read text on a computer screen?
pen scanner with on screen translation into Portuguese?
How does it work? Do I need to connect it to a computer?
dose it come with earphones
Does this do 110 negatives?
how good is this thing? does it take sd cards? does it work with windows 7?
does it scan negitives from the 40s and 50s?
I lost the software disk. Is there somewhere online from which i can download the software/drivers?
Is software compatible with Win RT tablet?
Cannot get scanner to work with Windows 7 Home Premium----does it work with Windows 7?
I have a Mac. is there anything like this for a mac
The reviews say the photo is incorrect, and this shredder does not create cross shredding but only long strips. Is this true?Thanks.
how big is the strip? 1/4 inch or 1/8 inch
how the Strip edges looks like its soft or rough, because i want to use it for my quilling paper
I was wondering about the "Prep" that I should buy? I have a semi-flat roof and have made repairs in the past. However, the primer once opened never
Can this be used to fasten an EPDM liner edge to stone? If not, any suggestions for that application? Thanks.
How thick is this tape?
can this be applied on a wet fiberglas surface
What is the min/max seat height in inches?
What is the weight limit for this chair please? Amazon needs to update all chairs to include this info.
Is there an option to use without casters?
what is the seat width of this chair?
what is the lowest seat height measurement including the back rest? I need to slide this under my island out of the way when not in use.
what is the lowest seat height? I'm looking for 16" for a vanity. Thanks!
What are the seat measurements? Is the seat hydraulic?
When Will you have this chair available in black?
Can the casters be removed so it doesn't roll?
Will you be getting any of the clay color chairs again?
Did anyone else have problems with the back? I can't figure out the tension knob; it seems totally stuck in position, and back slides down to seat.
Are you able to tell me the dimensions of the castors (the stem height and width dimensions)?
Can the casters be removed so that the chair doesn't roll?
What is the weight capacity of this product?
Can the back support be removed on this chair? thank you.
does scanner needs to be plugged into electricity in order to scan? if not how long does batteries run?
does this come with a usb cable
can you scan pictures with this
I am mainly looking to scan photos; is it recommended for this
Does it scan pictures
insurance card
Does anyone know if this does duplex scanning?
How do I setup if I do not have a CD ROM on my iMac?
Is it good for scanning photos? Are the colours accurate? Do some scans have white lines? Does it auto-crop poorly (like cutting out black areas)?
Is it both Mac and PC compatible?
Is it fine for ink drawings?
Does it have a hard cover or a paper cover?
Is the paper perferated ?
Will a marker (Sharpie) bleed through the page, onto the page underneath?
Will pencils bleed through?
Is it a hardcover?
Does the front cover stay connected to the spiral very well or does it tear off easily?
what is the weight of the paper? I'm looking for 138lbs for water color
can i use this to take notes for math class? recommended?
Does this sketchbook's paper smooth? Almost like the printing A4 paper?
when a call comes in, all handsets ring at same time??? Or just the base unit?? How it works?? Thanks!
can this be used by itself and hooked up to my current telephone provider? Or does this need a hub or main unit to connect to?
can i use this phone as a backup for my sb67138 base?
Are SB67108 Cordless handsets compatible with this unit?
Is there a way for the display to turn off when not in use? Mine stays on all the time.
Does the SB67148 and the SB67158 work wirelessly together if one of them is connected to a land line.
does it have music on hold? can i add a cordless handsets to it?
Does this unit have a BACKUP BATTERY ?
Is it compatable with the 67158 base?
Is it possible to deregister this handset without the base?
Is this a good printer to print original art on greeting card stock. If not what would be the alternative.
What comes in the box? Is an initial set of cartridges included? Roll paper holder?
Is the ink a good value or does it tend to be expensive?
According to Amazon, there are two rebates making the price $289.36. Rebate forms say only 1 per purchase. What is final price?
What are your estimates of the ink costs per print of a full color, 8x10? (or # of prints before replacing cartridges would be great too!)
Does anybody use this for engineering purposes, printing CAD files and 11x17 site plans or for similar purposes?. If so ,are they crisp and clear?
1. Can I print on fabric with this? (attaching fabric to freezer paper). 2. And would the pigment last on fabrics?
How much larger are the ink cartridges than the R2000 ?
Is this printer suitable for printing magazine proofs? I currently use ExpressProof.com for SWOP proofs, but it's time consuming.
May I print from Photoshop CS6 directly to this printer? I have a Mac operating system OSX Yosemite 10.10.
What are the dimensions for where the tower goes into?
Are the 2 drawers designed to hold hanging files or are they just "junk" drawers?
What are the dimensions of the computer compartment?
The space for tower pc, is it opened on the back like in the front?
Will this fit underneath the matching desk?
Concerned with my tower fitting in the allowed space. Would an 18 inch tower fit in the space provided?
WHAT ARE THE OVER ALL DIMENSIONS?
Hello can anyone please answer this ? for me. How tall is the computer part. I have a custom built Antec Pc Full tower thats 22inch on the dot. Thk U
I am having a terrible time.... 90 min is nothing.... is there a trick to hanging these drawers
Is this table including computer stand like the right side on the picture?
IS THE PRICE $173.79 FOR THE WHOLE DESK
Possible to remove the keyboard tray?
is that the hall thing for 131.00 on that picture?
Does this desk come with the return bridge?
Does this ink come in the Retail Package Box?
does this ink work in a brother mfc430w
What is the expiration date on the boxes you are currently shipping?
Why do you present the cartridges as being in an official Brother's box, but they are sent without a box? How can I tell how old they are???
are they oem cartridges?
Do 2 XL cartridges have more print capacity than 1 XXL (super high yield)?
is this compatable with j835DW?
How long is the product waranteed for? (What is expiry date?)
I can save mathematical formulas and equations in the calculator memory?
I bought this calculator but upon opening the package I found that the calculator wasn't coming on. Does anybody know how this can be fixed?
Does the Sharp EL-W516XB have power-off memory protection? Can you power it back on after it times-out to resume the calculations you were working on?
Is there a way to force the default answer format to be in decimal instead of funky fractions, requiring use of the "change" key?
can this calculator factor polynomials?
Nonstandard battery required?
does this have an "i" button for imaginary number calculation and analysis?
does it come with a user's manual or only instruction sheets ?
can this calculator convert to hexadecimal from different base number systems or fro hex to another basse??
Can you verbally ask it how to spell a word and then it gives you options? Or does it just talk to you when you find the word you want?
What size battery does the MWS-1940 take?
How fast is it when you spell a word wrong, to give you a list of words. My old one can take 10 to 20 sec
I need an electronic speaking dictionary for English. A translator for French and perhaps it can speak French. What model do you recommend?
Does it have phonemic transcription?
I was wondering it any talking dictionaries have plug in headsets &amp; if you can program words and listen to them over and over again?
I was wondering it any talking dictionaries have plug in headsets &amp; if you can program words and listen to them over and over again?
What are the dimensions? Will it fit in a shirt pocket like the orginal 506 model?
What physical constants? I need G, h, c, e, alpha, electron radius and mass, proton mass, Compton wavelengths, Avogadro, Rydberg, Quantum Hall.
Are old formulas in the replay memory lost when the EL-506X times out? Or does it save them, when you power it back on?
Is this LCD screen as sharp and crisp as in a typical Casio scientific calculator?
I have to get about 7 of these. Is white the only color available? I am seeing white green, pink, purple and orange as the colors on the sharp website
Can I use the p811 personal photo scanner on windows 8
I want only to copy old negatives. What size negatives does it take? All sizes? How does it work with negatives?
Where can I get software for my OS 10.10
why won't it take my pictures in the scanner
I'd like to replace the p11 plastic scanner sheath. Are they available?
How come when I download my negatives all I get is a black picture??? I am not seeing any photo at all but a black picture.
From where can I download the Scan PC software?
What are the expiration dates on these?
Will this ink work in my MFCJ835 printer?
Does this product fit the Brother MFC-490CW? Thx
will this fit my Brother mfc 495 cw
will this ink work in my mfcj425w printer?
Are these manufactured by Brother or a third party?
How is this product differ from the same product that is sold by you with a ASIN number of B004VMTYQY for about $33?
Do these ink cartridges come in the original box (packaging)?
What file format does the SVPPS6800 scan to?
how do I get replacement slide holders?
can it be used with a mac.
Will the slide holders and scanner accept the older slides from the 60's and 70's such as Kodochrome or Ectochrome?
can it scan 120 medium format film
what is the warranty on scanner?
What size gig card is currently being sent with this scanner? 16gig? 4 gig?
How do you load photos? Will I have to open the lid for every photo?
Can the pictures be loaded directly to a computer with out a chip?
Does it have an automatic document feeder?
What accessories come with the scanner, i.e. pwr cord, usb cable, etc
Does it automatically crop photos?
Can the DPI be adjusted to a lesser setting? Like 150 DPI? Also, can you scan and email as an attachment as many network scanners do?
Direct to computer? I understand this scanner's claim to fame is that it doesn't require a computer to scan and send, but if I wish, is it possible to scan directly to my pc with a usb cable?
Can it scan heavier paper? Like 120 lb. watercolor paper. Or paper that has collage items glued (fairly flt) to the paper? I'm an artist.
What is the max paper size this scanner can take? 8.5x11?
Can it scan more than one page to a file? I have a 6 page document I'm trying to scan and it's saving each page as a separate file.....
Can I use this scaner to scan insuranace cards and download the images to my pc later?
can you scan something thick like a drivers lincence my wife is a mobile notary and takes pics but they dont always turn out very well
I am primarily interested in a scanner that can handle sources such as wrinkled receipts. How well does it handle sources that are wrinkled/creased?
My printer head supposedly is loose how do I fix that
Can I use this printer with windows 8
is this an ink jet printer?
Is there a way to put the settings to print with only black ink?
how to print first page first?
will a 10xl black ink cartridge work in this printer?
is there a manual available?
it is printing in red and not the other colours what can I do to remedy?
how to wall mount it
what are the dimensions of this phone?
Does this phone need an electrical outlet?
Is the Caller ID display backlit? Can it be read in the dark?
I have a wall mount attached to my wall that is 3 inches wide &amp; 4 3/4 inches long. Will the mount on the back of this phone fit my mount?
Is there an OFF feature on the Volume?
Can this link up with other Panasonic phone systems. I have the Panasonic KX-TG6513B for the rest of the house but want a corded phone for times when the power goes out.
Does the machine have battery back up?
If I order this from Amazon, will it come with the manual?
Loud and clear enough? Satisfied with purchase? If not, is there one you can recommend?
does it have variable OGM, I can record a greeting longer than 20 seconds? 20 Second greeting wont work for me. Thanks
can this machine be used with a wireless connection? I have a stand-alone wireless device by Verizon connected to my standard corded phone
Does this unit have the time and date stamp feature?
What happens when the power goes out?
Does it have an audible beep when there is a pending message?
Does this unit have remote access feature?
can you connect this answer machine to a cordless phone or does it work better with a landline phone?
Will this work for a Day Runner Book?
Can someone measure and tell me how far apart the holes are and how far down does the first hole start from the top?
Is the paper double sided?
Will this work for ginny binders? (approximately the size of a notebook)
Will this paper fit in a smaller 3-ring binder?
Are these loose sheets of paper or are they part of a pad with a cardboard backing?
Is there a Microsoft Word template to easily print onto these?
do they fit on a 3 ring binder 8.5 X 5.5 inch?
will it fit 3 ring binders
Does this paper fit in the Franklin Covey Classic Binder?
Hello, are the chairs shipped fully assembled or is assembly required?
What is the seat height of the chair with no cushion?
do they have chemicals on the chairs like formaldahide or any warnings on the box for chemicals
Do they come in a set do two?
what do the chairs weigh?
I have an oak table the stain color is light golden oak. Do you think these chairs would match ok?
How much weight can they hold?Does it come assembled
How many sheets are included in the package??
Do you need to use shredder oil if you are using the lubricant sheets periodically? Thanks.
Do sheets have a shelf life?Reason I ask is price is good &amp; if I buy more than 1 pack, will unopened sheets expire if not used w/in certain time? Tx Pete C
How many sheets in package?
How often should I use these on my shredder?
What country were these sheets made in?
Will these sheets work on mailmate shredder
Are you supposed to open or separate the sheets or something? Didn't notice any change in the teeth after running a sheet through. Didn't look lubri
How often should it be useed?
Do these store well? I do a good volume of shredding, but only about twice a year. Will these sheets still be good in several years?
What are the dimensions of the space between the cabinet and top? Where the printer sits in the picture?
What are the dimensions?
Does anyone know the interior dimensions of the cabinet portion? I need to fit a printer that is 19" by 18" and would like to make sure it will fit before purchasing. Thank you in advance.
How does jamocha wood compare to espresso? My desk is espresso.
can you put headset on this phone
Does the Panasonic KX-TS880B require batteries or does it have an AC adapter?
what kind of headset can i use with this phone.
can the cord be replaced
I don't need caller id or speaker phone for my job does it still need the batteries?
volume
Can this phone operate on batteries only, without using a power cord?
how may speed dial buttons does it have?
Wall mountable
Is there a voicemail indicator light
The description says 'all digitial answering system included.' Does this phone include an answering machine? I see no reference to this in reviews.
Does this require a transformer, or does it run on batteries?
does this phone stay securely on the wall, the last wall phone I had kept falling off the wall
Does this phone have a headset jack? 2.5mm?
Does this phone seriously only have the option of running it on batteries??? No plug??
Can the RINGER be turned to OFF? (And not just "Low")
Can the volume be turned OFF TOTALLY?
Does this phone tell you the call duration?
does this phone have a line in use indicator?
does it have a clock ?
how many inches apart are the eye hooks - my cedar sign is 22" wide and the eye hooks are 12" apart
I need 9 of these and you only have 6. When will you get more?
What is the bracket made out of?
will the bracket hold a 30 lb sign?
What is the space between the eyelets on the bracket?
What size street size would this fit? 24 inch long in particular?
A lot of negative reviews! I just need a toner cartridge for my HP 1102W and this came up. Several others had - reviews as well. Well whats the deal?
My printer won't recognize the cartridge--it says "install black cartridge' even though I've installed this one. Any help?
is this a Dura Eco product
Are these refillable or once the pen's ink is used, you toss the pen into landfill?
Should I get staedtlers or sakura microns for sketching?
Which is better; The pigment liner 308, Triplus Fineliner 334 or the Fineliner 306 S?
Is the ink of Staedler pigment liner alcohol proof? I'm entomologist and I want to use them to write labels which later will go into pure ethanol.
Can you erase over these? I draw in pencil first and then go over in ink so I need something that will withstand erasing and not smudge.
Can you erase over these? I draw in pencil first and then go over in ink so I need something that will withstand erasing and not smudge.
How do these compare to microns or copic liners?
Anyone had trouble w/these drying out? Mine are fairly new and I haven't used them much, so I'm not sure what's up.
Are the pens all the same size? Or is it a range of sizes?
Do they bleed through paper?
What does it contain, i.e. what is "the Basic" ?
Will it work on Office 2007 pre-installed on Dell PC?
Does it work in Windows 7 Professional
Does it work in Windows 7?
I was under the assumption that you are only allowed to install this program on 1-3 computers, is that true?
Is this an installation disk with a s/n?
Will this work on a Lenovo PC with the trial Office installed...it keeps saying HP computer in the description.
Will this work with/override Vista?
Does this software have the key code needed to register?
Just so I understand - I currently have the MS Office 2007 trial version and I want to activate to get the full version. Is that what this does?
Porting of present landline number: With this product is it possible to port over my existing landline phone number?
After installing the OBI100, is it advisable to disconnect the green and red feed from the telephone pole? I need one house jack for my fax machine.
How can someone call us. Does it has dedicated phone number ? Please help me in understanding how it works.I just want to know how incoming call works
OBi100 VoIP Telephone Adapter and Voice Service Bridge - how to block anonymous callers?
i am not a computer savii guy. i read some where that you can local police TEN DIGIT PHONE # to get 911 operator &amp; then program. "HOW to use this ?
Can i call make phone calls though the OBi Telephone to people who have a landline[but not connected to the Internet]
how to configure the obi100
What do I do when / if Google Voice is no longer free for US and Canada? So, what do I do if Google starts charging in 2013?
How does OBi100 assign phone numbers? I wanted a certain area code. Is there a way to change the assigned number or area code?
We just got this and loved it! We had it for two weeks and lightning struck it! Is that covered in the warranty or do we have to pay for a new one?
does this inlcude the toner or is it just the cartridge?
why do i get a black edge line when printing with a tn-450 replacement cartridge? how to stop this problem on a dcp-7650n printer.
where is the go button
Brother's HL-Series Firmware Update: Does anybody have any insight into this?
Do the legs lock into place when open?
How much does it weigh?
Is this good for a 15.6 inch laptop?
I need a lap desk for grading papers. Will this withstand the pressure of writing? Is the tilt adjustable?
does this have a drawer with it on the side? Some help asap?
Is this bamboo veneer over an MDF core? Or is this solid bamboo? Is there any formaldehyde in this product?
what is height from bed to bottom of table?
I would place this on my desk. Is the surface height 16.75" when in use?
Do the legs lock to prevent accidents.
How tall is it with the legs extended and the top in the down position?
I plan to attach these legs to a retangular table. I would inset them so they don't stick out. The table is 4 x 2.5 ft. Concerns?
How much weight do these legs hold?
How tall are these legs? I don't see it listed.
Sorry just asked about a deal for 7. I actually would need 10 sets. What is the best you could do?
I plan to attach these legs to a retangular table. I would inset them so they don't stick out. The table is 4 x 2.5 ft. Concerns?
How tall are the table legs?
Are these sold as a 4 pack or is this price for one leg?
The hole on the leg marked "D" facing front of the chair (and near the arrow) doesn't align with the hole on the seat. Has anyone seen this problem?
Has anyone attached a toddler booster seat to these chairs? Are they sturdy enough?
How high is the seat?
Are these chairs stackable?
Is it true these chairs are rated for only 120 pounds? That would make them children's chairs as few adults are that light.
Can the seat tilt so that the front of the seat is higher than the back (side with the backrest) and locked in that position without affecting the backrest adjustment?
What is the travel height of the seat? Maximum and minimum?
Do the padded arm rests slide forward/backward on the inward/outward adjustable frame for better elbow positioning?
On the lowest height setting how far is the seat from the ground? I am only 5'4" and my current chair doesn't go low so I can't touch the ground.
One reviewer mentioned a "firm pressure point directly in the middle of the back." Did anyone else have this problem? Thanks.
What human weight will this chair support? (Without voiding the guarantee, that is.)
When you lean back in this chair does it allow your head to rest on the chair back?
Can anyone around 6'6" tell me how comfortable the back and seat are? Also how long does the seat foam last for?
On mine, if I push down on the armrest cushion, I feel 2 pointy things inside of it - one at the front and one at the back. I this normal?
can you remove the arms or simply not install them?
What are the dimensions of the keyboard pullout?
what is the Width?
Does it have to have the roll out keyboard or can you put it together with out that part?
what are the dimensions of this item?
What are the seats made of if not wood?
Are these chairs stackable?
What is the seat height of these chairs
what is the weight limit??
How have these held up over time? Is the finish durable, or do they easily scratch and ding? Are they sturdy?
Do these chairs stack?
The brackets holding the chair to the frame are breaking. Are there replacement parts please?
I assume these chairs are stackable?
How much weight can the chair sustain?
Are these chairs stackable?
What is the weight capacity of this chair? It's not listed in the description.
Does the chair come assembled?
Does the back height adjustment stay?
Can you adjust and lock the tilt forward?
With the seat and armrests fully lowered, what is the distance from the floor to the top of the armrests? I only have 24" clearance under my desk.
Is the seat soft for long periods of sitting? and does the chair have a seat slide?
What is the seat height on this chair?
I always have problems with the lifts because i'm my chair for long hours. Will this chair be suitable for 350 lbs man 8-9 hours per day?
How does the seat feel? Hard or soft? Also, does the seam irritate if you sit for long periods of time?
What are the seat dimensions -- front to back and side to side?
I am worried about the dark espresso legs. I don't want them to look black.. My other furniture is espresso. What do you think?
how tall is it, please ?
Reading a comment that says "not real leather" but description says "leather"..So is it leather or not??!!
Is the red a deep red? It appears so in the photo.
what are its dimensions (measurements)?
Is this comfortable where your wrist and hand make contact? I don't want to buy it if it has that sharp edge feeling on your wrist.
will it track well with naos 7000 or any other optical mouse ?
is it true that this mousepad start fading or changing textures after few weeks, I would love to buy it but durability is important
Does it scratch up the feet of your mice? I own a Mionix Avior 700 mouse and my hard mouse pad scratches up the feet.
I have two black cartridges, one thick and one thin. Is this the thin one?
Is the item durable?
Is this the high yield cartridge?
Is this compatible with HP Officejet 4620?
are there two cartridges in a pack?
Will this fit in a HP Photosmart 7520 printer? There are 2 black cartridges..one is noted for PHOTO. I need the ink for printing papers, not photos.
will this work in my hp 6515?
how many pages can you print?
how many prints?
I have hp3520 deskjet which takes hp564 cartridge can I use hp564xl black also It looks a little fatter in the picture
what is it made of?
Is there any way to run cords into it? I was thinking of using as a mobile charging station.
Can you give me the exact height without the castors? I have only 23" to work with. And, how secure is the locking mechanism... can the drawer be pulled open with heavy force?
Would this file cabinet be sturdy enough to hold a scanner/printer on top of it? I have an inexpensive HP Deskjet 2050.
can the wheels be lock up so it won't roll around?
Can someone tell me the width and depth of the flat surface on top, (width not including the curved lip)? Trying to fit a specific printer.
Do the drawers roll on wheels? or does it just slide along some grid?
Do the drawers open all the way? If not, about how far?
Do I need to purchase a metal file rack for hanging folders?
What is the height of the cabinet with and without the wheels on it? I would like it to fit under my built-in kitchen desk. I'm worried it won't fit
How does this attach? I want to put in on my frig.
Does this board come with a marker or eraser?
Does this screw into the wall or just hang from hooks?
How is the magnetic quality? I am using it solely as a magnet board as I do not have a fridge that holds magnets. Thanks!
Is it light enough to hang using just push pins? I live in a rented apartment and dont have the liberty to hang nails per se. Kindly confirm. Thanks.
Can this board be hung vertically as well as horizontal?
Could I fit a poster inside and use it that way?
Is magnetic area at least 17 by 21?
Can I print on both sides?
How many lb's is this paper?
is this paper glossy?
Using for architectural plans. Can you see thru this paper, if it's on a lighted plan table?
what is the weight of each sheet
I am confused by the size statements. 'B' paper is 11x17, 'Super B' paper is 13x19. So which is it?
Why is this set more expensive then buying them separetely?
Are these the High Capacity original HP toners?
are they the same with 128A?
Your posting suggests that the HP 128A color toner cartidges have a "2000 yield". Usually the color cartridges are only 1300 yield. Please confirm.
Are these - all 4 cartridges/colors - genuine HP products? I do not want remanufactured or compatible.
Does this include the whole drum or the M175nw or just the cartridge?
This item included 4 color? Blue, Yellow, Megenta and Black
Under Will This Work with Your Printer? it says no (MFP M476dn) but this is the toner # that came included with the printer. Can I still use this?
are compatible for HP laserjet printer CP1025NW?
will this do cursive
Does it only emboss one letter at a time or can it do a whole name at once?
Will this machine take a card that is 30 mil in thickness?
hi, I am trying to look for a pet tag labelling machine, hopefully manual, easy to carry and use, any ideas? I appreciate any ideas!
CAN I USED IT TO MAKE ARMY TAGS?
have metal membership cards size of credit cards, we are told by other merchants it can and will emboss metal credit card sized cards, is this true?
i've purchased ths embosser two months ago. To have black letters print on the cards, do we need to purchase black ribbon? if so, where?
Would it work to make tags for pets? the shape of the tag comes in different shapes (hearts, cats, bones, etc)???
will this work on lanamati cards
Was thinking about one of these to make animal Id tags for our adoption events. How many letters can you put on a card and how hard or $$ would a logo
When do I tell you what I want printed on them?
Do these pencils come already sharpened?
Can I have text printed on two lines of the pencil?
Do the tips break easily? And is the graphite centered in the shaft of the pencil?
Do these come in white or black?
So where do you enter what you want printed?
Do you sell these in purple by any chance? Thank you!
can you have different names printed for example 50 pencils one person's name and the rest another's?
Are these #2 HB pencils?
Hello, We were thinking of getting a few of these for a wedding favor but wanted to know if we could get a date on there? Can we get dashes or slashes, for example could we do 12/28/13 or 12-28-13?
I can't see your email or customer service number anywhere. How do I know how to contact you with personalization information?
Can the lettering be lower case?
How quickly can you deliver if the order is placed today? (to zip code 89451) We need them by 3/25/15
Are they sharpened ??
can you order pencils for things other then school or teachers? like having them printed for someone else in their business name?
Can these be ordered by non teachers as gifts for their child's teachers
how do I get my custom message on the pencils
How are the erasers? (I hate those smudgy ones!)
hi! sorry I hit send to quick on that last message. I only need about half of this quantity, is there a way to order less than 144? thank you! klb
Is it possible to use the greek letters in your imprint?
Is it real leather? No where does it state specifically.
Can the front of this folio be folded back so that it is behind the tablet of paper? I need a folio that can be used used while walking.
can i put a4 paper inside?
Is there a slot to put a thin planner on the right (book style, slide in from the center) instead of a notepad from the top?
Does the inside pocket fit a Microsoft Surface? Dimensions 10.81x6.81x0.35 WxLxH.
Can you buy replacement writing pads?
can the exterior be personalized?
What country is it made in?
Does the portfolio have an overwhelming chemical smell as reviews mentioned? If so, how do you get rid of it?
There appear to be two color choices: black or gray...but the gray looks brown. Is it brown, or gray? What shade of brown or gray? Thank you!
Are there models available for left-handed users?
Where is this product made?
does this product come with a USB cable?
Is it only USB powered, or is there an option for a normal power adapter of some kind that i can use with an outlet?
Will i have space for a mouse with a 15 inch laptop?
What type of usb cord is compatable with the table
would this ink work for ESP 2150?
Would this work for a esp 315?
What is the difference between the Kodak 10C / 10B and the Kodak 30 C /30 B if I use the "10 " version in my Kodak printer can I also use the "30" ?
please confirm that this works with Kodak esp 3.2
Will the 30B and 30C combo work with esp 310?
i need kodak 10c and 10b
can i use 30 B\C instead of 30 XL in my 310 printer?
Why if one cartridge (black for instance) I have to put in the opposite one (color) to get it to work even though the color is not low on ink. I have the ESP C310 printer.
how many pages will it print? The exact box from wal-mart has 275 color / 335 black and white
What is the difference between Kodak 8781098 30B/30C and the Kodak in of 30B XL and the 30CXL?
can you wall mount this? are there holes in the frame?
Can the 24" paper dispenser stand and be used vertically
Can this 24 inch dispenser be used with 18" and 24" inch frezzer paper?
Will this paper fit? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004...
Is the cutting edge serrated on the Bulman A50025 24" paper cutter?
what size is the dowel?
What is the color of this frame? The customer images show a black frame, but it looks blue on the official posting.
Is freezer paper included with the dispenser?
Can smaller rolls be used on the larger sized dispenser? Is it adjustable?
If I have an already printed poster that I need to cut a part off of, is this the right product to use?
where do I get the mounting kit
I would like to use this with a roll of D'Arches 150lb watercolor paper in an art studio. Will this product cut paper that heavy?
I have a space under my studio work table that is only 10 1/2 inches high. Will the 1000 foot roll of 36" paper plus cutter fit pin this space?
is this comes with wooden stick to hold the butcher roll??
is this suitable for shrink wrap
How well does this cut a heavy butcher paper weight? (I want to use to cut blank stock wallpaper and I think a heavy butcher paper similar weight)
Will this hold traditional wrapping paper, birthday, christmas?
Is the cutting bar supposed to be serrated? Mine is smooth, doesn't seem like it will cut paper rather just supply a straight edge to tear it.
does it have a voice caller id
Is there any warranty on this phone?
Where does the headset jack go? Can it plugged to a handset ?
what kind of batteries does it use? thanks
does it work with 220V 50Hz? (it will be used in another country)
Is the 7 hours talk time for the cordless handset or the headset or both ?
does it provide ability to link your cell phone via bluetooth? thx
does this phone have a wired headset jack for use when the battery needs charging?
Specifically, what type of refill cartridges should I purchase? Would like to order with the pen and don't want to make a mistake.
INK OR CARTRIDGE?
Does this pen take liquid ink?
does this come with a 'fancy' box? i want this for a gift.. please someone reply.
Does the cap screw on preventing leaks?
Did you ship it with the original waterma box ?
Does this pen come in a box? i bought this as a gift,so i want to know if it is in a decent box. thank you for your answer
Does this come with a converter?
What are the dimensions when the paper tray is out? I'm trying to fit inside a desk cabinet that is 18 1/2" wide by 15" deep.
Is it wireless??
Duplex?
does it copy legal size paper and does it print and copy color
is it compatible with windows XP
Does this product work with windows 8
does it come with full cartridges?
How well does this printer work with a Mac?
DOES IT PRINT ON PHOTO PAPER
Does this work with Google based chromebooks?
Does it have a speakerphone?
Does this set have speed dial storage and is there a manual???
anyway to add more phones to this set- just bought this set, but i need 2 more sets, what do i do??
How do I customize the stamp
I ordered this stamp how is it customized?
where to input the text?
Can it accommodate different size characters?
I have a website address that is 34 characters long. Will it fit on one line of this stamp?
How many characters can I put in each line?
are design images also available?
How many impressions can you get out of the stamper?
I am making gift tags, can I get my :To: and From: justified to the left? Can I put To: on the 2nd line and From: on the 4th line?
Is it possible to get this product with white ink?
will it work with ipad ?
Does this come with the duplex machine for two-sided printing? Also, does it come with toner cartridges?
does it work wireless
Can it copy 2-sided pages into printed 2-sided pages without first turning a 2-sided page into a series of 1 pages?
Will the 6505/DN work with a computer running Windows 8.1?
What are the shipping dimensions?
what does automatic duplexing mean?
Does this item come with toner cartridgs
What kind of warranty comes with the xerox workcentre 6505/DN?
can you print photo's on photo paper?
Does the paper tray hold legal size paper?
does it do well printing on thicker cover weight paper?
Do the 4-color toners come with the Xerox 6500 printer?
does it fax
When printing, can I zoom in to, let's say, 150%? Or just "scale to fit"?
Is this printer compatible with Macs (2014 model, running Yosemite)? And does it have wireless capability, please?
Has anyone had luck making this print wirelessly?
How many pages can you print before you have to change the cartridge
does it come with ink
Does this printer have a manual input tray and a straight through paper path for cardstock
Does this printer do automatic duplex? (automatically print double sided?)
Does this printer come with the Toner catridges already?
Which memory modules are compatible with this printer? I'd like to upgrade the memory on it.
Does it print envelopes? is there a way to stack a pile of envelopes?
Does this 6500N hold legal size paper in the paper tray?
How is the picture quality when printing photos? I want to use it for printing invitations and party printables.
WILL THIS PRINTER WORK WITH WINDOWS 8
Does this printer have a copier/scanner?
Can this printer print a true, bright red?
what kind of printer can you use this roll of canvas with? Is there a specific printer that works with rolls of paper?
Does anyone know the specs for the thickness of this canvas? Thanks!
Can this be used for painting, like canvas paper, or will it not hold paint (ie, acrylic)? Thanks in advance for your answer and your time.
Has anyone used this with a canon pixma pro-10 printer? It is a dye inkjet printer. thanks!
Does anyone know how this prints with dye-transfer printers? I just purchased a Canon Pixma-100, and I'm anxious to try canvas. Thanks, April
Is this canvas textured or smooth? And does anybody knows epson smooth stretchable canvas. The smooth faces got effect of wrinkles on textured paper.
What is the weight limit of the chair?
Do these arms flip all of the way up and back out of the way? I play guitar, and I need a chair where the arms move away and don't hit the guitar
Weight Capacity
Which is the product box size?
Is this chair recommended for a man who is 6'3?
Can the seat tilt forward as well? I need the waterfall effect to reduce stress on legs.
What is the seat length, does it adjust? I am 4'10" and most seats are too long for me to sit correctly.
is the widest part of the chair measured at the arms or the feet of the chair. ? thanks
How wide is the seat?
Can you lock the back of this chair into a locked position? I.e., does it have two handles under the seat or just one?
You said that these are not high yield but according to the manufacturer, if these are numbered 315 as you are showing they are. Are they TN-315?
Is this a Brother OEM product or compatible?
Are these high yield cartridges?
Are these cartridges OEM products made by Brother?
how many pages for the high yield cartridges
D the protectors have binder holes on one side, if yes how many?
does a normal sheet of printer paper fit perfectly in the sheet protector?
Can I use these for my printed out study questions? Are they clear? Or do I need to take the papers out?
what is the max number of sheets one protector can hold at a given time? thanks
are these top loading?
are they acid free?
what is the mil of this product, 2.0?
is this heavy weight
Are they clear?
I want to purchase these to put my 4yr olds tracing sheet in. She would be going over the letter and numbers a few time . Would these be thick enough?
Does this use standard staples?
Will it staple as few as 2 pages?
How quickly does it staple after putting in the paper?
how is it powered?
what is size of cushions
what size is it?
i need cushions size top 38lx27.5x39h baC seat 27x32 does that sound right for cracker barell rocker??
Are these cushions for outdoor use
Would they be too big for a standard glider rocker?
your have given 3 different answers for the cushions sizes, what is it really?
Is the cream color a true cream because it looks more tan in the picture? I would prefer something tan so that wouldn't clash with white furniture.
Is it thick padding?
How much weight does this hold?
What is the height of the seat?
It says it has a mute "softkey", what does that mean, is this not an actual key on the handset and base?
how many digits do yo need to retrieve messages?
Are the keys on the keypad soft, with a rubber type of material, or hard plastic?
Does each handset have a 50 name memory or just the base unit?
can the ringer be silenced? I see clients and don't want the phone to ring.
Can the talking caller ID function be turned on/off?
just to be clear: there is a headset jack for such an attachment, correct?
Can you listen to the message at the same time as it is being recorded on the answering machine?
Since we travel a lot I need to retrieve my messages from remote loctions, does this system have that capability
Is the wall mount hardware included?
Link to iphone 4s: Has anyone had success using with the iphone 4S?
Tony Matthews..thank you for all the helpful info. We wanted to discontinue home service with AT&amp;T, will this phone work without landline?
Hello. I need to know if this product will work in Europe. Does it support both 110 and 220 volts?
I'm having a lot of problems ever since I set up Bluetooth - dropped calls, fraction-of-a-second cutout during calls, etc. Anyone else?
has anyone tried the iphone 5?
Is this telephone 220v?
Do the handsets need to plug into a phone jack or just an electrical outlet? Thanks!
Can you access the downloaded cell phone contact list for landline use?
Do the batteries ever need replacing?
can i use my current panasonic KX-TG410B set with this KX-TG4773B?
Has anybody had problems with message playback volume being very low even when arrows have been used to increase volume during playback?
Can you turn off the talking caller id?
Is there a limit to how many phone numbers you can block?
is this phone compatible with verizon fios? is there a problem with calls going dead?
can you use multiple handsets at the same time? Can more than one handset be used for a call at the same time?
Is there a SPEAKER function in the base unit? And on each of the handsets?
dose this 5 phone set come batters
reliability?
Does this phone attach to the wall??
This question is about the Panasonic KX-TG6645. Is it possible to turn off the caller id "Name Announce" while leaving the "Number Announce" on?
Can the base unit be wall mounted?
Can you disconnect answering machine
do I have to have a bluetooth to send calls to my phone
What is the "Call Block" feature on Panasonic cordless phones?
do I have to keep landline
Will the headsets still pick up a cell phone call if my cell phone is turned off?
volume
Does it work with poor cell signal
2 questions: 1. Does it have intercom? 2. If I make an outbound call will it automatically call via bluetooth/ my cell or my landline?
does this phone announces callers?
Landline??? Appears it is just a bluetooth extension for a cell phone???
Can you turn off the talking caller ID?
Link to computer Bluetooth? Would this link to a computer for Skype/Google Voice/VOIP calls?
How far can the handsets be placed from the main phone? Can they be in another building?
Is a landline necessary to use this system?
Can I buy "a single link to cell phone" and use my bluetooth cell phone as an alternate phone, instead of buying "a pair of link to cell phones"?
Is there a menu button on the base station?
Would it show texts that you receive on your cell phone?
Can I turn off the digital Answering Machine and use my Comcast voicemail feature?
does the answering machine have announcement monitor so I do not have to listen to the message each time the answer machine answers
what is the newest model
If I am on a line talking to someone, will another person in my house be able to hear the conversation by using one of the multiple handsets?
Head Phone: Can you plug in a regular head phone into the headset jack?
Does this phone have the ringer ID feature? The option of a different ring for different callers?
Can you hang the base unit on the wall?
Can the answering machine be disabled or turned off?
do the chargers included work with 220/240 V?
If I am using one of the handsets, can another person in my house make an outbound call from a different handset in this system?
Talking caller ID?? In addition to the talking caller ID, does this phone also show the caller ID on the handset?
when this unit is connected to your cell phone, do you use up your cell minutes?
does it come with a manual I did not get one? when it arrived
My parents are receiving tons of solicitor phone calls. They don't have a cellphone or bluretooth or wifi or even a computer..they just want aphone that has manual adjustment for rings that then goes to machine?this way thay aren't driven crazy with...
Are the talk, end, speakerphone &amp; flash keys backlit as with the number keys on the handset?
How do you return calls from answering machine?
Is returning calls from answering machine a problem?
Do you have to have a land land to use this? Would like a system like this for cell connect only
I bought this phone set 9 months ago. Suddenly, it hangs up on every caller after the fourth ring. Doesn't record messages, Ideas? I changed it to 2 rings, because I couldn't get it to change to 3 rings. It now answers and takes a message but the...
For the additional handset does the cradle connect to AC power to recharge the batteries? Does the main phone also keep the batteries charged?
Can I use a n earphone Bluetooth type to answer all callings from landline and cellphone? What earphone is compatible?
what is the range?
Does it have speed dialing?
Does these have call blockers?
is peakerphone on all headsets
can you set a different ringer to different numbers?
One of the three phones only appears to work as a speaker phone. Do I need to change a setting to use as a non-speaker phone?
How to disangage talking I.D.??
Does the power adapter accept 110-240volts 50/60 hertz or some other combination? Please provide what it reads on the adapters
Is it possible to use the handests in speakerphone mode while charging in a base station?
can you program your phone numbers in the base and have them on all the other phones
Will this cord fit a HP 1512 inkjet?
will this cord fit cannon 1800
will this fit my canon Pixma ip2600 printer?
will this cord fit a lexmark x5320 printer?
will this cord fit hp 5530
do you know if it fits a canon mx882 printer?
Will this cord work on a Brother MFC9840CDW printer
will this cord fit Cannon Pixma mp 240
Will this cord fit a Pixma MX892 Priner?
Will this fit an Epson XP-400 printer?
What is its advantage since I still have to pay AT&amp;T for HSInternet and basic landline usage?
Is this item the newest and most current model?
does the service work with satellite or hughesnet
Will this unit work in Canada?
Ooma requires an internet connection. I have a Virgin Mobil WiFi therefore there is nothing to plug into. Will Ooma work wih this?
will it handle faxes? both incoming and outgoing.
will ooma work with adt?
Premier or not
Will it work with skype?
does it work with fax
how is the speakerphone quality on these phones?
Does Caller ID information show up on these phones for inbound cell calls?
how many unwanted calls can you block
Can you turn off the announce feature?
doea it have call block and how many numbers in memory
220 volts: Does anyone knows if this phone has 220volts or only 110v?
When talking on the phone and you get another call will it show you who's calling ?
Costco Equivalent KX-TG155SK Possibly on Sale thru July 8th: Over on the KX-TG7745S product page there's a 7745 vs. 7645 discussion in progress and someone over there is claiming that the Costco equivalent model KX-TG155SK will be on sale for $99 until...
can you "dial all" the handsets using the intercom so they all ring?
Does the message alert light on the answering machine/base unit blink when there is a message?
Why should I buy this calculator over something like a TI-84 plus?
Does this calculator come with a cover?
Will this calculator create 3D graphs? I want to replace Maple when trying to visualize surfaces in space and don't have a computer with me.
What is the difference from the Texas Instruments Nspire CX and CX CAS
can you use this on SATs?
what kind of battery does it come with? Is it the rechargeable one with a charger included?
Which is the best option: HP Prime or Nspire CX CAS? I'm an electronic engineer.
Does this calculator have a touch pad?
Whats the difference between the standard packaging and the frustration-free packaging ?
For Calculus and Algebra out of Casio cp400, Casio prizm cg10 and TI nspire CX CAS. What should I get?
Can this calculator do log -3.43? If so, how? Normally calculators will have 10^x.
what is the power source and are batteries include
Does this calculator do logarithms other than base 10 or e?
does it come with a full-fledged guidebook or merely a start-up booklet ?
does it calculate standard deviation?
Will I be able to solve systems with more than three variables? I need a calculator that can solve matrices but it can't be a graphing calculator
Does this calculator solve order of operations automatically? I use an old TI30x and it does not.
Why is this TI-36X called "Pro" when it only gives spotty complex number support? --has T.I. never heard of electrical engineering?
How does this stack up against the Casio FX 115ES Plus?
Does this calculator solve for Standard deviation Sample &amp; Population, Mode, Median, Mean (average), Variance Sample &amp; Population, Width &amp; Cumulative?
Does this come with a cover like the TI-84?
is this an approved calculator for taking the ACT test?
Is there a warranty with this calculator?
Does it come with the charging cord?
Does the calculator come with a rechargeable battery?
whats the difference between cx and just the ti nspire one
Can you use this on ACT &amp; SAT &amp; AP?
would you recommend this for freshman physics and is it easy to use?
Is it in it's original packaging, unopened?
Can you find sin, cos, and tan?
Does the phone work all by it self or do you have to have the bigger base uniden phone for it to work?
After moving to a new home I cannot find the cradle for my remote hand set. Can (where) can I buy another?
Will this phone interface with another cordless phone (not uniden)?
how do i get the phones (all4 of them)to stop blinking i have misplace the user guide
Does this include the cradle or is it just the handset?
Dcx291 wil not register
Does this unit come with batteries? About how long does it hold a charge?
Does it have an audible message alert?
My mom is very slow. Does this phone allow 8 rings before the answering machine comes on?
Is there a speakerphone on the base, as well as the handset?
can this phone be programed for auto dial
Does it have a block call feature?
IS THERE A POWER ON/OFF BUTTON ON THE BASE?
is this hearing aid cimpatible
Is this analogue or DECT technology?
Anyone know if you can set a silent ring for someone you don't like? Also, when you block a number, do you still hear one ring like on the panasonic?
Has anyone used this on an airplane? Were there any issues with either taking it on the plane, not fitting or anything else? Thanks in advance!
What is the actual size? Height off floor?
Does this foot rest have non-slip (like rubber) floor protection on bottom of folding side panels?
What does it weigh?
measurement? no details re size given
do you have other colors?
measurement? no details re size given
Does this phone have a headset jack?
does base unit have speakerphone?
does it have to be plugged into a wall outlet, i don't have one hoping the answering machine is battery operated
Does the base have a headset jack?
Can this be wallmounted?
Is the base mountable to an old fashioned phone wall plate?
will this phone continue to work if power goes out. does it plug into a phone jack
how long does the battery last when fully charged?
can you turn the ringer off?
what is the range of the phone
can it work on 220 v too?
how is quality on speaker phone?
is this wall mountable?
how to turn up the ringer
where is it maden? in china?
Does it have call waiting?
Is there a quick "ringer off/on" for all phones?
does it have speed call and if so how many numbers can be stored
my sister in law and i are both having serious issues with getting answering machine to work . trying to reach any support on this issue from Motorola is proving difficult . Phone number given in manual rang for well over 2 minutes no answering...
Does it have a warranty?
The caller ID does not work. It just says incomming call. We do have DSL but we have a filter and caller ID worked just fine with our last phones.
Can all four handsets be wall mounted
Once I have entered phone numbers in the master handset, how can I "transfer"or "sync"that phone number list to the other handsets?
do I have to set up a phonebook on each phone?
Does it have a waranty
How much assembly will I have to do?
Does this chair recline?
What are the seat and back dimentions
Can you adjust the armrests other than move them up and down?
Seat height from ground
In addition to tilting back and locking upright, does it have the ability to tilt and lock slightly forward?
How hard are the arm rests? Can I rest my elbows on them while I type?
how many sheets does it hold?
Does it have prongs inside?
How many portfolios are in an order? 36?
Is the seal along the the longer or shorter side?
How many cards and envelopes can be placed in one bag?
Is the adhesive on the flap or on the bag?
Are these accepted by the US Postal Service as mailing envelopes?
Do these have an "envelope flap" ("V"-shaped) seal, or a straight-line seal?
will one envelope bag hold seven cards and seven envelops
I would like these to hand out photography print orders to my customers. Any idea how easily 10 5x7 prints would fit?
Are these acid-free/archival quality?
Is there a clear bag 7.5 x 10.25?
I have a 5x7 card what envelope do you think will work best?
Will these hold the card and an envelope?
Is the adhesive on the flap or on the body of the bag?
Can the clear plastic hold multiple cards?
Im looking for an envelope to fit post card. I intend in putting samples in them.. Do these fit postcards? Im looking for something fitting
I am looking for a small envelope that I can put my unmounted rubber stamps in. Are these sturdy enough to handle a card stock pic and the stamp?
are these bags acid and lignin free? I would like to use them for my greeting cards
I'd like to put 4 cards and 4 envelopes in a clear bag. The envelopes are A2, recommendation?
I'm wanting bags to hold 10 size A-2 cards and envelopes. Would these hold that many? If not, any recommendations on the size of envelopes for that?
Do you have a bag like this that would fit 8 cards and envelopes as a set?
Does adhesive have a pull off tab? Is the adhesive resealable?
can it reduce the thichness of glue?
When you use this and then seal it back up does it tend to crust over and make it harder to use the next time?
The photo sensor doesn't work - how do I reset/fix it? The shredder works when I hold the button down but doesn't start with a piece of paper inserted. Tying turning off/on, reversing and forwarding. pulling plug. No go!
what is the decibel level?
I own this shredder-- where is the separate slot for credit cards and CDs mentioned in the description?
what is the height? are the wheels removable??
Ssize
how do you open the shredder to empty it??
does it come with a base charger
is it compatible with KX-TG6645 base?
We have the KX-TG6643B series, will this work with those phones? My husband lost one of the 3 we initially got, and I want a replacement handset.
Does this handset accept a 2.5mm (or other size) headset? Amazon shows one in "bought together" area, but does not list in product description.
Is it at all possible for wall mounting? I do not think so but want to check with someone who knows for sure.
Unable to setup the answering device. What am I doing wrong?
The mdel number of my base is KX-TG6641B could you please confirm if this hadset will work with my current base?
I can't get the speakerphone to work on one of my handsets. Any solution?
Does it work with KX-TG7641 set?
IS IT COMPATABLE WITH KX-TG6632B
do they bleed?
Is there a smell when using these markers?
how quickly do they run out of ink?
I'm halfway through a complex art piece on a machine-washable 100% Polyester shower curtain liner (don't ask) that I prewashed. Will the ink wash off?
How well do these markers show up on black canvas fabric?
Will these work well on cotton that has been quilted. I am quilting and I need a way of doing very small additions in addition to embroidery.
How is Stained compare to regular sharpies?
The sewed on numbers on my Jersey are faded what fabric markers work best
Will these markers work on glass without wiping off?
I'm looking for good markers to use in Johanna Basford's coloring books, ones that won't bleed through. Are these good?
Is this the extra handset that is for the Panasonic KX-TG 6592T DECT 6.0 ?
can you cancel answering machone?
Will this KX TGA659T handset work with a Panasonic KT-TG6845
How will the base recognize the extra handset?
will this hand set work with theKX-TG6591 ?
Does Panasonic kxtg6592 block last number received
Manual for my new KX-TG6672 says I can buy another handset with extra large buttons: Model KX-TGA659. Anyone know if the KX TGA659T will work for me?
Can cradle be mounted on the wall
Is this compatable with Panasonic KX-TG6633B?
DOES USED PHONE COME WITH A CHARGE CRADLE
Is this handset identical to the handsets that come with the KX-TG7644M?
Will this work with my KX-TG7641? I bought a base and two handsets years ago but now want to add one more. Does anyone know if this will work?
Does this handset also answer on two lines like the 2-line base?
Panasonic cordless phone partially cuts out during conversation. Especially happens when I talk in front of laptop. Away from laptop too. Solution?
will the kx-tga660m listed above work in the panasonic kx-tg7642 (link to cell ste)
Have 4 handset kx-tg7644m. base handset no longer working. will this replace base handset or is base handset unique?
Replacement for base handset
is this phone base compatible with the KX-TG7645M portable bases as far as the charging aspect?
Is anyone using a bluetooth headset with this phone? If so, what brand/model? Thanks!
Can I hook up two lines to this phone?
Does it only work when plugged into a laptop? I want to be able to use it for demonstrations and not have to haul a computer along as well
I'd like to use it in a craft class so I can show what I'm doing with my hands. Is the focus and flow good or is it blurry?
does it have a TWAIN option?
can i use this to scan a prescription to save into my computer
Can I plug my iPad into this and project images from it?
I am looking for a camera to demo and record art lessons such as painting and drawing techniques. Would this camera be an option for that?
Mac
I need to be able to lay handwriting samples under it and project it to the wall in real-time with NO time to scan and save as a file. Will this item
can it be use 220 volt ac
can the answering machine be turned off. don't need it. we have voice mail
the answering machine no longer functions. it flashes, it displays caller number and records that message is waiting but unable to retrieve message.
Does this phone use a AAA in each handset?
can it be used with a plug in device, ear plug or?
how many names can the phone book hold
Is there any warranty from manufacturer
Can I retrieve messages from another phone when I'm away from home?
Is there a way to put the base phone and handsets on HOLD? I don't see HOLD buttons.
does it have audio caller id?
How do I change the number of rings before the answering machine kicks in?
does this phone have a shut off ringer feature?
Does message indicator remain after a msg was heard, so others know there is a message?
I'm looking for an answering machine that is forgiving - in the sense that if I inadvertently press erase and not backup, that I'm given a warning.
this all you need to use as answering machine
Can the answering machine be muted so you cant hear the greeting or someone leaving a msg out loud?
How high does the volume go? Decibel level if you know it. I am moderately hearing impaired.
Does this phone have caller ID?
Can the voicemail / answering machine be customized or personalized ?
can i turn off the sound on answering machine so it will not play my message out loud ?
Is there volumn control on the base and handsets?
good, this telephone works without electrical energy, that is to say if the light goes away and the telephones have battery work?
how do I use the "Caller ID" function to block calls
set remotely call forwarding?
which the difference between these two models: AT &amp; T CL83201 DECT 6.0 Cordless Phone, Black / Silver, 2 Handsets and AT &amp; T CL83203 Digital Dect_6.0?
I wonder if this phone has speakerphone, answering machine and works in Brazil or only linked to an American or are operating with AT&amp;T?
I wonder if this phone has speakerphone, answering machine and works in Brazil or only linked to an American or are operating with AT&amp;T?
Dose it have a phone jack on the bass
are there lighted buttons on the handsets
Can the ringer be shut off?
I would like to know if this model has the voice announced caller ID and if so, is it only limited to the base or can it be heard by all handsets?
If I need an additional phone to set of three, where to find. Cant seem to find one with this serial number
Can you use any Bluetooth handsfree headset with it or does it have to be the VTech brand version, the IS6100?
when a caller is leaving a message, do you hear the message as the caller is leaving the message?
Does the Ds642 have any memory for storing phone numbers?
does this set have lot keys for night calls?
Can I simultaneously use my Bluetooth for Music while using Bluetooth for this Phone System?
Does the call waiting show the name and number of who is calling
Is there a message light indicator on the base for new voice mail messages?
Are you able to use this this phone using only your cell phone without having a line connection?
Does this phone have a locator button? And a volume adjustment?
Can two hand sets be used at the same time to talk to the same person
Does this speak caller's name?
Does it have built in answering machine
Where is the voice mail indicator? Does it blink when there are voicemails?
How many numbers can be stored in the phone book?
Are the buttons clearly marked and highly visible and is the text easily readable? I have difficulty discerning them otherwise. Thanks!
Do they have headset jack that I can put in?
Hi, what is the exact range on these? Is it a few hundred feet or less?
Could someone tell me the voltage input on the adapters. Will it work with 220v?
Does this phone have a headset jack? Thank you
Is this compatible with the CS6219 base?
does it have caller ID
does it plug into electrical outlet and wall cable provider outlet?
will it work as additional phone with a different brand ?
Will it mount on standard phone wall plate?
whether it is possible that charging was on 220 volts
OK, I'm guessing that as an add-on, this handset still needs to be plugged into an el. outlet, right?
do you need a phone cable to buy this phone?
at&amp;t model cl82359 base ?
Is there a wall mount?
any way to use a headset with the phone
does it have a message system?
It says no speed dial, but can I dial from the directory without pressing numbers?
what is the aaa batt. for?
Are you able to change ringer tone? My present phone has an obnoxious ring tone.
Does it have a easy to use speaker phone?
Does wall mount bracket work with handset or only the base unit?
Is this phone made in the usa?
when we hit the speaker phone button it turns on and the volume is alright but when we try to talk we can't be heard? any solutions??
What about the viewing screen, can you read the screen without a magnifying glass?
Does anyone have any experience using these on an OOMA system? Do we know if they will work with Ooma?
do the numbers stay lit up long?
What range - working distance from the base unit - might one expect from the handsets?
What is the sound quality on the handset speaker? need a speaker phone without that tinny sound.
do they use regular AAA batteries
are batteries included in the price?
Is this wall mountable?
batteries
can you talk on one phone and listen from another phone in a different area of the house, at the same time?
Is this phone preform without static? I need to walk around the house and on the deck or front porch. Want to be sure this phone is clear?
Does it have shared memory between the handsets?
Can the base unit be hung on the wall easily?
Do you need 4 AAA batteries for each handset?
Does the system have a toll saver feature?
Does anybody know if you can get white plugs instead of the black that comes with it?
Does this telephone indicate indicate the presence of new messages by a blinking light on the handset?
With this phone system can you leave messages within the house on the answering machine so other family members can pick them up?
Does this phone have an audible message alert to let you know you have new messages? I need something that beeps. A flashing light isn't enough. Thx!
does this phone have the ability to store numbers to dial in the future.. if so how many
will this handset work with CL84102 base
I have the CL83451 system which I think this works with. Does this one come with base, handset and battery?
Is this all I need if I do not have a :Base phone" does it do call waiting?
Will this work with a AT&amp;T cordless phone model # 82212?
where do I find model # on my phn similiar to this to purchase a handset for it plz?
Do you have to press the button on thses handsets to speak?
will it work with ge dect 6.0
can i use this phone with my AT&amp;T lane line phones. I broke one of the phones. can I use this to replace the phone?
Hi - my base number is CL82413 is it compapatable with this handset?
will this handset work with a CL84100 base?
I would like to know if many people have had a problem with the clarity/volume of the speaker phone. Thanks.
Does this V Tech phone have an audible signal when a message or voicemail is left?
how is the sound quality?
how long is the talk time
Can more than one handset be on the same call?
Does it have speed dialing?
tell me about the ring tones; are there many to choose?
Does this phone have a clip on it? As in hooking to belt while stepping outside and expecting a call.
does this phone have a called id announce feature?
Are the handsets on these phones comfortable to hold for any length of time with 'crippled' fingers?
Is this model compatible with the AT&amp;T TL7600 headset?
is it easy to program numbers
Does this phone annouce who's calling when it rings? For example; it will ring and say "call from John Smith"
PRoblems with sound?
can the answering machine be turned off so that my telephone provider's answering system will pick up the call?
is the newer model better
What is the maximum minutes allowed in the answering machine?
Is this better than TL series?
Is this free shipping?
how many entries in phone book?
Does this have a jack for plugging in a headset?
Is this a cordless phone that can be used without using any other phone or must be be coupled with another phone connected to a phone outlet?
Does it come in Dual Voltage (110/220)?
CAN I USE AN ENERGIZER AAA BATTERY?
Does this phone have Call Block?
does it have a speaker phone
can you turn off the ringer
Can i plug in my answering machine
is it just the phone im buying or the set? cause last time I thought I was buying the whole phone set and they just sent me 1 phone and no stand so I couldn't hook it up...
how big are the buttons???
Does this hand set for the LS6405 have the push/talk feature?
I seem to have lost (or misplaced ) one of a set of 6. Can this work in conjunction with the remaining 5?
Does this unit ship with a battery, or is that an extra cost?
Will my LS6425 support 3 more handsets? I have 3 in service now.
does it have a wall mount charger
does th LS6425 handset come with the holder as pictured?
can i just buy this phone and use it as my primary and only land line phone in the house?
works in Venezuela
does it work with magic jack
Will it work with V Tech Model 6215
is this phone wall mountable
Can you turn off the answering machine and, if so, will the caller ID still function?
Wall mount &amp; phone dimensions from the base to wall mount. Base H/W &amp; depth to know how far it extends from the wall mount? Is the handset full size
Does it have a silent mode? I want to have the option of turning it to silent mode for napping ;)
can you check your calls when you are away from home?
does it come with the hard ware to wall mount?
If u subscribe to voicemail service with your phone company, does the answering system interfere with that service?
Is it used with a standard wall phone jack/cord. My mother has a landline phone and says the phone cord doesn't fit into this vetch phone? Why is that
are there additional handsets that can be used with this phone?
If i buy this phone and want a second handset, is that the VTECH CS6114 DECT 6.0 Cordless Phone, White/Grey, 1 Handset. Do they work together?
has anyone else had this problem??? I used to LOVE this product but- it is a stupid design - earpieces always snap off the fragile clip
Is this for land phones?
does it have a voice caller id
How long does the headset last talk time wise? And also can it be charged while using it? &amp; Last question does it take special batteries?
does it wortk 220 V? and how does the headset charge?
does the second hand set need to me plunged into a phone jack or is it completely wireless as well?
hi, is this phone expandable? can I add extra handphoen later on?
Can you silence incoming calls with a handset (so you don't have to hear it keep ringing until the answer machine picks up)?
Does the headset has mute funtion
Do the phones have headset jacks to be used when the cordless headset dies?
Does the phone come with the base as shown. If not how do i get one that does.
It include the main base unit?
Does anyone know if this phone can be used as a replacement handset? I have one of a 2 handset system that is not working.
Can you please tell me if this is compatible with AT&amp;T EL52200? Internet search directs me to this phone.
If you damage the original base phone can you just replace the handset?
Does this have the base as shown?
Does names and numbers show large on the display screen? Phone will be for my grandmother.
Does this phone use 2 AA bateries like the older models, or does it use a battery pack with a plug in?
will this cordless phone work with the CL82301 Model?
If you have model CL 81201 as base and handset that has been being used with it is damaged can you use one of these to just replace it or just llnk it
Does this phone have a 'beep' letting you know you have a message left on the machine?
Can you turn the talking caller id off? If yes. How?
Does it have a headphone jack ?
Does this phone have volume control on the ringer?
Does this phone have 3-way calling?
wall mount doesn't line up with the wall plate? How do I mount on wall?
can this phone be wall mounted
Does the handset have a mute button for when you're using the speakerphone?
What is the range of handset to base, how far will they work from base
Does this phone system have audio when a caller is leaving a message? I want to hear the messages when screening calls.
Does this phone have a plug for a headset?
Can the ringer be turned off? I want to put this phone in a room where my baby takes her nap and do not want it to ring and wake her up.
To be clear,, can this unit be used as an an additonal handset with no phone line plug in?? 3 units one phone line at base. ?
Does the base of this phone requires power connection always? Does this phone works if there is no power connected to the base?
does this have speaker phone
What is the capacity of the included battery (mAh). Thanks.
Does this phone have a headset jack included?
which replacable battery should i use for this phone?
I want this phone for my home in India. Not sure if the provider would give a DSL line filter. Does anyone if the phones work outside the US?
It says wall mountable, but not on a standard wall plate. I have a plain flat jack/plate on the wall. Clarify??
According to the picture, this holds more than 10 pockets. We ordered 62888 and love it! Need order info to add pages?
Is this circular or opens like a book? Photos are confusing.
I would like to know if it's possible to change the base to a smaller one?
10 panels are included or just one panel and the rest need to be purchased separately?
Is it possible to remove this from it's base and mount it on the wall?
What size paper fits in the sleeves?
Can I buy additional sleeves to fit this from you? If so, how much
the small picture shows tabs for each page, do the pages have tabs?
Can you add more sheet holders to it?
Hi, will this fit A4 size paper?
Do you need to buy a special kind of lead for it?
How durable is this? I am a graduate student in EE and math and break so many of the best mechanical pencils from staples and other office stores.
Anyone know where I can find a spare eraser for it?
is the body and cap a metal material
Is this pencil comfortable to write with for extended period of time (4-6hr of note taking)?
This is a pencil where you have to click the back for the lead to come out? I cannot find anywhere online that confirms or denies this.
Does this come with lead?
I know it's described as a Japanese import, but is this pencil actually made in Japan?
Does the rotating mechanism work well for most others? I can't seem to notice it no matter how hard I try.
Where is this made from please? Many thanks!
Does the tip retract? I'm worried about putting it in my pocket.
What type of grip does this pencil have? Is it good for long periods of time to write with?
I realize that this pencil comes with .5 mm lead, but will the Uni .3 mm work in it as well? If so, will it still auto-rotate the lead properly?
Does metal tip retract as lead gets used DURING writing? Looking for such a pencil to avoid frequent clicking...
how much lead does it come with?
What type of eraser refills does this take?
will normal lead work?
Would this pencil be overkill for general day-to-day high school use?
How long is this pencil from tip (without lead) to the cap, measured in inches?
How many leads are included?
dimensions in inches?
Does the dust cover fit my HP deskjet 1510 printer?
Does the cover fit my HP Deskjet 1510 printer?
Would this fit an HP Officejet Pro 8500 Printer?
Would this cover fit my HP Officejet Pro 8625?
What are the dimensions?
I have the HP officejet 8610 will it fit?
what material is it made of and what color?
will this fit the hp 7645? It measures 20x18x8
is cover fit on hp officejet pro 6835
what aredimensions in inches
What is it made out of?
Will it fit my brother HL-2280dw?
What are the dimensions?
What size is the cover?
What is the size in inches?
Chips: Th photos in the add and several of the reviews show or speak of changing micro chips - BUT there is no mention of Chips in the Amazon product advertizement itself - does this particular item for sake come with the toner and the "chips", as well...
Can anyone CONFIRM that the chips come with the refills, and if so, the page count? (not in ad, but some comments sound like they do.)
can i refil the OEM intro cartridges or do i have to buy new ones?
I received 4 chips with black dots. After refilling, black works but none of the colors work!
Hello, how many grams each bottle contains? thank you
net weight each?. in grams.
Are the toner cartridges that come with the printer able to be refilled and used long term or do I have to buy an initial set of cartridges ?
Can you disable the printer from reading the chip?
Please list the "15" languages.
if we need internet for the lingo vocal translator
if the lingo have the french language
What language iit speaks
which languages does it contain?
Where is the set made?
what color is the pen/pencil set exactly?
What size lead is the pencil?
What is the Ink Color?
Does the set come in the box as shown
How can I order it with blue ink?
What color is the ink in the pen?
what is seat dementions and weight capacity
I'm 5'2'' Will this chair be good for me?
What is the range of seat height?
Does the seat swivel indepedent of the base?
I am six feet tall and weigh 180lb. Does it have enough depth to be able to sit and fold my legs over the seat?
My hydraulics failed- looking for mfg warranty info &amp; their contact information if someone still has origiinal paperwork.
What is the weight limit on this chair?
How low does this chair go? I am 4'7" I need one that goes down far enough and it not too deep
Is anyone experiencing any "popping" sounds when sitting in the chair? Every time I lean back the chair makes a popping sound? 185lbs
does this chair meet fire safety codes for dorm rooms?
What is its height?
Does the fan do a good job cooling a laptop?
What is the distance between the legs? I would like to sit with my legs crossed under it
What is the material of which it is made?
Can this easily fit a 17 in laptop, along with a mouse?
does it have USB ports? How many? Is the light USB or battery operated? LED?
Does the light come with it or is it soid separtely?
How do I specify what color I want? I don't see any place for "comments" when I check out.
Hello! I just placed an order for 3. Could I please get dark blue, lime green and red? Alternatively I would take brown. Thank you!!!!!
I need 18 of these - would you offer a discount?
how do you specify what color you want?!
do I need a screw driver to station the seat? I only got four nails and nothing else...
What is the seat height of this product?
what is the weight capacity to this chair
Are the edges at the top of the chair sharp, where a child could be harmed from bumping against it? Or are the edges rounded? Can't tell from the pic
Will the bottoms of the chair scratch a hardwood floor or soft tile?
Are these chairs stackable?
What are the shipping box dimensions for 1 of this chairs? What If I buy 6 chairs, am I going to get 6 separate boxes?
What are the shipping box dimensions for 1 of this chairs? What If I buy 6 chairs, am I going to get 6 separate boxes?
How hard is it to put together?
can i order a diferent hight hairs
Can this be used with the markers that don't come off with water? I think they are called wet erase?
Will the dry erase markers come off? Is this like a white board? THANKS
How many sheet come with a PKG?
How lightweight is lightweight? Does anyone know where I can find a larger one, say 36" x 36"?
is that about 3/8ths? I need at least 3/8
What is the thickness of the sheet?
why do we have to replace the chip after putting in new toner?
Which part of the cartridge should I drill the hole? Does the accompanied instruction show the spot to drill?
dont laugh !! 3 elementary questions: 1- can i use this toner with my samsung X-press m2020w? 2-how many times can i refill it? 3-its liquid or powder
What should I do when I get the error "Toner cartridge is not compatible"? I have a Samsung ML-2525 printer.
how many pages are you getting off of the 100g ink bottle?
Is there any way to "reset" the chip aftter refilling the toner??
how to clean the kodak esp 2150
esp 2150 scanner light does not come on
Does anyone else have an issue with the printer printing in a purple hue?
had it less than a year and will not power on
Why do my print jobs only print a couple pages then its like it runs out but still runs job
how do I email a document that I have scanned from the printer
How do I reprint faxes on a KOda ESP 2150
I accidentally pulled out the white strip that goes to the printhead. How do I fix it?
can it print from android
Please I need to know the Height of the Kodak esp 2150 Printer ?
What is the height between the ground and the first step and between the first and top step of this rubbermaid step stool?Thanks
DOES IT FOLD UP?
actual dimensions of top step
What is the weight of the stool?
does this item have non slip pads on the bottom of the legs ?
Is the back actually vertical so it lines up flush against a cabinet or wall?
Does the stool from side to side? Say you're at the top step and move left and right, does it flex and wobble or is it rigid?
have had right hip replacement - concerned about into SUV and trucks with ramp at a later date
Would this work well for a potty-training toddler or is it too tall?
Would this step stool be good for an 80+ woman who is has a lot of knee and leg problems to get into a mini van and into a relatively high bed?
We have Uverse. Will it work on that system?
Is it black or dark blue?
Does it have redial and volume control features?
can it be an Extension Phone? I got 3 lines in the house, same number but want to put this in our living room. Can it? Thanks
rotary dial or pulse/tone?
Someone may have already asked this with different wording (re: auxiliary output) but can the phone be hooked up to an answering machine/voice mail?
Do this phone fully work like for calls and receiving calls?
How comfortable is it to hold up to the ear? And how is the sound quality?
Will this phone work with a Magic Jack? Does it hang up by the thing that holds the phone?
Does this phone work with phone service provided by a cable company?
I am wonder ing if i can replace the handset cord with a longer one. The sinilar one i have now is directly wired and very short.
How do you dial on this phone? I don't see a keypad.
does it display phone numbers of unknown incoming callers.....numbers that are not programed into it???
Can the ringer be turned off?
Is the phone hard wired from the unit to the jack?
WHAT IS THE REN FOR THIS PHONE?
Can you lift the receiver to view the caller id without answering the phone?
How long do the batteries last?
Does this phone have an AC option instead of batteries?
Do they numbers light up when making a call?
can I replace short handset cord easily with a longer one by just pluging into handset?
Does this phone have a 'Hold' button?
Is the phone call coming in connected immediately after lifting the receiver or do you have to press an answer button before the call is connected?
can it hang on the wall
where is the menu button on 1104 model
Is the display back-lit?
can you change cord
How long is the included cord?
Does this phone have a jack that you can plug a headset into?
What color is the unit?
is the cord to the headset removable so I can add a much longer cord? Same with the one that plugs into the wall - is that removable?
is there speaker button
how to change time &amp; date on display on RCA model 1113
Can you connect a headset to the phone?
Can the speakerphone handle conference calls with multiple participants? And is the sound quality good in speakerphone?
Does the display screen light up when there is an incoming call?
Can the display be tilted up?
How do you set the auto answering part
Does this phone have a light indicating when calls are muted?
When reviewing a person's Caller ID info (name &amp; #) on screen, can you press just one button to call them? What if they are in different area code?
Does this have a USB to plug into the computer?
Does it weigh lightweight regular envelopes or just packages? I mail envelopes that are questionable re extra than standard postage.
What are the deminsions of this scale?
does this scale measure weights in metric? i.e. grams?
Lowest registered weight?
Do you have to calibrate this scale or is it already calibrated when you get it?
What site do you use to print postage to avoid going to post office.
Does it tell how much the postage will be?
Has anyone had theirs upon first use generate a message that looks like 0UT2? I replaced battery and tried to calibrate, but nothing seems to work.
Does this work with the Click n Ship software from the USPS?
It looks like it would be just right for a small book collection, like comic book sized books, am I right or should I look at something else?
Does it actually have a rubber feet yes or no as advertised due in part that video shows no rubber feet when playing?
I ordered this box to protect my medications. When I got it, there were no instructions on how to set the combination lock... Can you help, ASAP?
Does it have a handle on it? Thanks.
I see the dimensions. Can you provide more specifics. Outside Height including handle=?, Length=?, Depth=?
I just bought a used lock box, But it didn't come with a code. How do I find the code for it??
are the dimensions length width height? if so, that makes this 10" tall. is that correct?
Has anyone used this to store 10" LPs? Looking for good storage for 10" LPs and don't need a huge banker box..
Is this compatible with Intuit POS software?
the package includes drivers for windows xp?
Does this printer support LAN?
Is this compatible with Windows 8?
Does this printer use an ordinary usb cable or does it come with a powered usb cord?
Can this be used with square stand?
paper is 57mm or 76mm?
does this have wireless capability?
asked me 5$ for the shipping not 12 and i'm gonna pay you this printer this month or free shipping it's better
I need to know if i can used this scaner printer with my Dell laptop and if the ink i choose is good for it if not give me the link on Amazon
Need a good printer! Any suggestions?
Can you use a printer/scanner/copier without a computer? Can any of the under-$60 printers show here work AS A COPIER without first installing software on a computer?
Can I connect the base station to my fax machine?
Does this work with TL92278 system?
is this compatibile with my AT&amp;T CL82209
DOES THIS PHONE COME WITH THE BASE?
Does this phone work with the TL92371 ?
Can 2 cell phones be connected by Bluetooth at the same time, if not what system does
Does this handset works with TL86109 model?
I have this system in my home, but one of the handset does not work. Can I purchase just one handset without the base?
Does this work with the TL92328 model?
Will this accessory handset work with the model TL92278 base unit?
Does this phone have a plugin for a headset?
Will this link up with other AT&amp;T DECT 6.0 phones. I have three other phones around the house. Will I still be able to use them?
Will it connect old landline phones though the house phone wiring (landline is disconnected)?
Does this phone have a mute function?
are you required to have a home phone line and a cell phone line to use this product?
Does anyone know if you can pair 3rd party Bluetooth headsets of this phone or will it only work with AT&amp;T headsets?
We had our landline di sconnected to save money and then bought the TL92271 DECT 6.0 withe the idea that it would work with our cell. It doesnt. Why
Can my cell's Bluetooth music feature be listened to while connected to this device?
Can my cell phone be charged while it is connected to this AT&amp;T phone?
Will this connect to my bluetooth enabled hearing aids
Can this pager be used outside the usa ? if not why ?
how many pagers comes with it ?
how many pagers with this system. pretty vag info
We have a two story Brick building with service on both floors. Would there's have a far enough range for that?
SP-T9550LCK is this model number
How long do the pagers last after one overnight charge?
How long distance this wireless pagers works from the main transmitter ?
Can these be printed on an inkjet printer?
will these stick to tyvek bags?
May these labels be used on tumblers (holding hot/cold beverages) which get washed/go in dishwasher? And they won't work on inkjet printers?
Does this item have adhesive backing?
the toner cartridge is included?
1.Does it work underwater? 2. Will it break if I drop it off a tall building onto concrete? 3. Will it make sandwiches? Thank you.
Sleep on wifi: Can anyone verify this one doesn't have any issues with sleeping on wifi?
What advantages does this printer have over the Brother's HL2270DW model? Is it worth the extra $50?
What are the dimensions of the scanner glass?
Trying to scan photos but they're coming out really dark and losing a lot of detail. How can I fix? Or is there a special program (MAC) I need to get?
is the HL-2280DW a good printer, New to computers
Why will my printer not Auto Duplex consistently? On a 51 pg doc it printed 1/2 single side, then duplexed the rest. Next print -back to singles!
Will this print with my iPad
can the 2280 print on card stock?
Is it compatible with MAC OS X 10.9.2?
how do I get rid of "toner life end" message
Can I print wirelessly from this printer?
Does the printer come with toner?
How do you hook it up exactly for printing from my desktop (which is where my router is located) and from my laptop? Do I install the software in both computers? Do I plug the USB cable into the desktop and the ethernet cable into the router? Thanks.
Can this printer print checks?
can it do duplex copying?
we are a very busy Dr.'s office and we do a lots of faxes, scanning and printing, I wanna know if this is a fast printer for our needs.
Did people who rated this high have the problem of getting a premature "Low Toner" message like those who gave it a low rating are complaining about?
Does it print envelopes?
windows8 compatible?
Can I use this printer as a stand-alone item or does it need to connect to my router (with wires) so that I can print wireless from my laptop?
is toner included
airprint
Does anyone else have issues with scans being very large files? A 4-5 pager is 5MB which is excessive. Can't figure out how to reduce resolution.
Color printer, copier,scanner, two sided and fax OR just black?
Can it use dual trays. One for letter and one for legal?
Why my printer can not use for wireless network ?
does it scan to pdf files?
Will this print in color?
Can I connect this to a wireless router (via Ethernet cable) and get my laptop to recognize the printer?
This scans a 400dpi text page in about 3 minutes over a sired enet connection to a Mac. What scan speed should I expect?
Will it scan a two sided page at once with the ADF or only one side at a time ie. duplex scanning?
Is it Mac compatible?
is it capable of duplex copy? I do a lot of photo copying that needs to do auto back to back - w/o me turning the pages(both original &amp; the new paper)
does this printer print legal size documents
is this a laser jet printer?
Do the MFC-7460DN and MFC-7860DW printers allow documents to be put on glass plate for copying? what is difference between these 2?
How would you rate the quality of the OCR capability / software of this printer? Accurately scanning and editing text is important to me. Thank you!
Does this have 2 paper trays, legal and letter size? If not, does it accept a stack of legal paper/envelopes rather than just 1 at a time?
Any way to disable the 911 feature?
Is this phone cordless?
can it connect to a cell phone
can this telephone program a telephone number in it for one touch dialing?
Bought this phone 5 months ago and everything was fine but now there is an annoying buzzing sound when you get/receive a call. Anyone else?
Is this phone really 9x3x9
is the handset cordless
How sensitive is the button? I would like to train my small dog to press it to let me know he has to go potty.
What is the size of product?
Do these devices work like a Big Mack?
What kind of batteries do these items use?
My cards are exactly 4x5. Will it fit these?
how sturdy is the plastic? I want to see if they are better than the staples brand that is 3.5 mil thick
Where can I find 4-up cardstock perforated paper that fits in these pockets?
Why doesn't the description say anywhere that these are good for storing 3.5 x 5" photos? Are they not photo safe?
Would you combine shipping if ordering more than one package??
I'm using topps 1975 tall boy trading cards that are 3x5. Are your dimensions accurate? Some of your reviews dispute that fact.
Do this fit in the case-it 2 inch binder or you need the 3 inch one?
Hi, does the installation hurt wall ?
Could I use this flat on a desktop as a whiteboard?
does this item come with the standoff/hanging assembly??
Just want to confirm that it is clear glass and not white or frosted.
How thick is the glass?
Can you write on the board with sharpies? I did a small test in the bottom corner. Left it for a while and it came off pretty easily with some windex.
I am wanting to order these and have clings mad,e to mounts on the back,for goals that I track. Can you please give me the measurements inside of the mounts?
Once installed into the wall, is it easy to remove without damaging the wall?
Is there somewhere I can purchase the mounting brackets/screws online? I lost them when I moved to my new house...
can you hang the frosted glass in a cubicle?
Is it magnetic?
Is it magnetic?
Can this be mounted vertically? I would like it to be approx 2' w x 3' H
I would like to purchase this board to cover a dark gray breaker box. Is the board transparent or does the frost completely cover what lies behind it?
Planning to install this board on a bright blue wall. Is the frosting opaque or will the blue show through?
how do you take the board down to paint?
can this be installed on the side of a kitchen cabinet? How deep do the screws go?
what is the thickness of the glass ? Do you recommend any specific edge grip mounts?
Can you please tell me how much weight the top of this podium holds? I am an English teacher and need to use it daily for a heavy textbook.
Can you adjust the height of either of the shelves? Can you adjust the degree of slant on the podium?
What is the height os the stand?
Anyone use a stool with this? If so, what height stool? I want to make sure my legs will fit under the shelf.
Can you disassemble this easily for packing?
Hi! Is there a particular size of easel paper that works best with this product?
Is there an area to put markers out of your hand, or otherwise store them on this unit? I cannot tell from the images provided.
Is there a way to easily disconnect, and reconnect, the board from the stand so that I can take this to local events my company does?
Would it be easy to travel with this item?
Is the whiteboard double-sided?
What are the base and casters made out of?
Is it stable when writing? Do you have to support the board?
Hi, is this a whiteboard as well or just a paper holder?
Is this magnetic?
Do the wheels lock?
can it survive a house fire?
Any suggestions on how I can open this safe?
Does it mold inside
will a legal size document fit inside
1.Are extra keys available? 2. Any suggestions for storing photos in this safe?
dose safe have ahandle to pick it up by
so this product is water, fire, and theft proof?
how do i get a replacement key
Is this safe box suitable for storing impartant items? Any issue(s) based on your experience?
How do you close the safe?
Could this be used with a desk to create a standing work station?
Does this support having the laptop fully upside down so you can lay on your back and look up at the screen?
I am having trouble deciding if it is best to get the vented or fan table. Any advice?
Can you easily raise and lower the height WHILE the laptop is on it? Trying to find a way for alternating between standing and sitting.
Is there room to use a mouse with this stand
can i sit on my couch with pillow behind back and reach my lap
Would this work with a recliner with arm rests? (http://www.la-z-boy.com/Product/12-3...
Is it suitable for 18 inch lap top as well? It seems hard to find one which does.
Can i use this for my 13 inch
I travel a lot by train and work with an ipad mini. Is this light/portable enough to carry in a napsack?
What is the back rest's height? What is the diameter of the seat?
what is the highest seat height
How much weight does it support?
What is the lowest seat height?
Do these clean well?
is the price for one chair or a pair?
I need to know the exact lowest height of the seat itself, not the back.
What are the lowest and highest settings for this stool?
What's the highest seat height?
What is the seat dimensions?
Is is good for soft art pencils?
i dont understand how one product can have such opposite views. some love it, others say it is not worth even this money. How can the quality vary so?
is it battery operated or is there a cord that plugs into the wall?
How long is the cord?
Does it sharpen crayons? Do you have any suggestions for other devices that sharpen crayons please?
how do you emtpy this sharpener?
colored pencils
does it sharpen a range of pencil sizes or just one size, large diameter as well as small, or just regular #2.
can the whiteboard be mounted in a wall should we choose not to use the stand that comes with it?
Is it magnetic on both sides?
can you write on both the front and back sides?
Do the whee's Lock so it won't roll when you don't want it to?
What cleaning supplies do you recommend? I've tried windex and water don't work. I use markers that dry erase (without liquid) off of other boards.
Since this is fulfilled by amazon now, will this resolve any issues with the product arriving damaged, as has been reported?
do the wheels lock? how many lbs does it weigh?
If ordering your Luxor Reversible Magnetic board (70" x 40" movable) WHEN could I get the white board; zip code is 12508. Thank you.
Can this board use magnet?
Does other brands of notepad (8"x11") fit this portfolio? Or it only works with Pierre Belvedere Letter-Size Refill Pads. Thanks!
Does it flip all the way around for easy writing on your lap?
Is there a slot on the inside along the side so that a normal notebook instead of a notepad could be used with this?
Can this be used to refill the starter kit of toner cartridges and make them equivalent to high yield cartridges?
I have samsung CLP 620 NDK. Can I use this toner at my printer?
How many grams of toner per bottle? Thx
Will this all-in-one work with the new Windows 8 software?
Duplex Scanning sizes? How is this for scanning odd sized documents in duplex?
Thinking which one is better.. this one or Epson's Epson WorkForce WF-7520 Wireless All-in-One Wide-Format Color Inkjet Printer, Scanner, Copier, Fax. Is there anyone who compared those? I am a musical composer and need to print/scan 11x17 papers (30...
does this printer do enlarging
Can you scan directly from the printer w/o having to be at the PC? If so, where does the scan go?
A review I saw mentioned this is not for printing photos. Is there a similar one with double sided scanning and printing with photo options?
I don't need color printing-can it use just black ink?
Can it be hooked up to usb port to operate?
Will this printer collate?
The printer is only printing in gray, not black. I don't have the grayscale checked, color is selected. Any ideas?
Can the Canon D550 Scan Legal-size documents from the sheet feeder?
Will I be able to do duplex copies with the automatic document feeder?
Can it copy from books?
is this wireless printer
I have limited space. Please specify the exact height in inches of Canon image Class D550.
I understand that reductions and enlargements are from 25% to 400% but can it do everything in between... say 97%?
Does this unit have a feeder tray to do multiple copies at once, or does it only copy one page at a time?
operate as a stand alone copier without the computer?
Does this printer enlarge and reduce an image
Does this print color copies?
What is the size of the envelopes?
What are the four colors? Only 3 show. Thanks.
Are the cards flat like a postcard, or are they folded over like a hallmark card usually is?
Are the envelopes coloured or white?
Hi, can I get a break on shipping if I buy 2? Thanks
What are the heighths of the shelves, or are they adjustable? Can I use my fedex number to ship the goods? Thanks
What are the dimensions of this item, particularly the height?
Do they come in a set of more than one box?
what type of hanging file folders are recommended for this file box in order for the lid to close and do you have them for sale
Does this come with the wire frame necesary for hanging files? Or will I need to purchase this separately?
Can the hanging rods be removed? I just want to put regular file folders in to access.
One reviewer said it didn't have a bottom ... is this so?
If I wanted to use this for storing mittens, hats, scarves, etc. - is the wicker smooth or will it snag knit items like that? Thanks in advance.
2 questions: If they are for "letter size" files (8-1/2x11), which dimension width do the files hang? Is there a bottom to these?
How many hanging files will it hold? Thanks.
Has anyone found these for Legal size folders?
Are these able to be stacked one on top of another if I used the drop hanging folders or would that hurt the frame / wicker and folders?
when the second call comes while you are talking, does it show who is trying to call?
Is this a long-range phone too?
Is it wall mountable?
can you plug in a head set?
Does only one phone have to be hooked up to a telephone line?
why landline
Old Large Negatives: Will this scan large negatives?
Does this have a power cord?
Re: Can you create multiple folders on the memory card to separate photos and negatives? - My question has been answered - thank you for your replies.
Does it scan 35 mm slides? does it come witha slide holder for that purpose?
Does the scanner replicate the photo colors well without having to tweak the digital file?
Can you use the old negatives in this scanner.
WHAT DOES TH WARRANY COVER
Does it work well for black and white photos?
Can the photos be edited in a photo software program once they have been scanned to the PC?
is this scanner compatible with an apple computer?
Is the color looks more yellow than ivory?
Are the legs on these chairs painted the color of the chair, if not, it looks quite like a flat color of what?
Where are the chairs made? What are the dimensions? seat height? Who designed them? Are they of bonded leather or real hide?
Is there a store in NYC I can go and sit in the chair? Who designed the chairs? Where were they made?
Would this phone work with my exiting Skype account?
The unit I am using frequently lost connection to base unit and it won't reconnect by itself. Is there setup to do this on auto?
Does the phone have speed dial
I live in Australia. Is it simply a matter of buying a US to AU power adapter to make it fit AU powerpoint?
Is there solution to why the base frequently lost connection to provider? - "Registration at provider failed" - This requires unplugging the base.
Does it work with Google Voice? Do you have to have the Obihai adapter?
The voltage of the power adapter for the base and charger are you sure it's only 110V? I need it to Spain and do not want to raise the voltage to 220V adapter.
this product operates in Brazil?
this product operates in Brazil?
Does this work with Kodak slides?
What is the power source battery or electricity
Can scanned images be saved to a cd for future viewing or printing
How do you know when your SD is full?
will this work with 220 voltage outlets?
When viewing slides on the imagebox, can you also see them on your computer before scanning and/or saving?
Do you have the ability to focus your slides or it a fixed focus?
Is there a trick to get this thing to power on? Or is it just my bad luck that the scanner was delivered DOA? Power cord &amp; SD card both inserted.
when try to slide holder into slot, it goes so far and then is blocked. I have looked inside and there seems to be two, very very small black projecti
I have a Mac and want to set the slides to music. Has anyone actually connected it to a Mac rather than using an SD card?
Is this a pre-dated or undated calendar? Up at the top description near the picture it says "12 months (January 2014 - December 2014)"???
How many stickers does this come with?
What size are the squares for each day?
Does this calendar really have 2013 and or 2014 dates on it?? Write up says: Bonus September - December 2013 mini grids
Does it have a family tree to fill out?
Is this calendar spiral bound?
Is there a space for a picture on each month?
how large is the space for September to December 2013 days
is this compatible with the iPad 2?
can this be used for iphone 5 without having to purchase an adapter
does it work with iphone 6s
is this compatible with the iPhone 6?
does this work with the iphone 6?
Does it come with the paper and cartridge when you first purchase it?
Does this work with an IPhone 5S?
does this have WiFi?
Red light keeps blinking &amp; cannot get past this point.....help!!
Would this work with a Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3? All I see is iPhone reviews
How much does he stand elevate the laptop?
Will this fit an 11-inch macbook air?
Does it easily fold away to fit into my backpack to use it at school?
What is the max weight it can support? I am worried my laptop may be too big for it (Lenovo y50), it's about 5.3 lbs
How "grippy" is the rubber grip surface? So many rubberized surfaces end up being burnished over time, &amp; become slippery.
What is the size of the base of the stand? Specifically want to know how much space from front to back the base of this requires?
Will this fit a 15 inch rMbP?
Would this fit a 17 inch HP laptop without it falling or sliding?
will this fit and be comfortable for my 17-inch MacBook Pro??
Will this support the razer blade pro
what sizes are the ink cartridges?
difference between esp7 vs esp2170
Kodak ESP Office 2170 all in one printer,I am not connected to PC and new ink was just installed. Trying to copy photos but prints are yellow
Can you us inkjet transparency paper with this printer?
how to fix my printer it wont feed paper and when it trys it goes crocked
Why won't my Kodak ESP Office 2170 print out using all of the colors instead of just yellow and black?
Have you been able to get the scanner to work on a MAC?
can i find the other company ink cartridge to fit my kodak esp office 2170 series printer cartridges. this printer will banckropt my life
I am getting a 3524 printer error with no paper in the tray or visible in the workings. It comes on immediately. What can I do?
can the esp 2170 be connected to the computer with a usb cable? or is it strictly wireless
Does this phone work when the power is out? I did not see a requirement for batteries. Thank you
does this phone have a phonebook
Does this phone have wireless capabilities?
Does this phone have TALKING caller id?
How do you set the year? I have the month and date set OK but the announced day is always wrong -- must require year to be set, too.
Headset Jack?
Can someone tell me the parts number for the AC power adapter for this model (9VDC)?
can u record a message for the answering machine
Is there an audio signal when there are messages?
Does the RCA Phone MOd 1114-bsga need batteries or an externalpowersourse
Where is the scan function? I have this printer, but I can't find the scan function.
is there a single feed paper tray?
Will this printer print from my MacBook Pro and iPhone?
does it have duplexing technology
Can you set it up with. iPad
can it scan in color?
Can anyone tell me why there is a black vertical strip on paper when I use the copier? I've had this printer for almost three years.
Is the printer compatible with Windows 8.1?
does this hp printer works with the android app hp-eprint? or any other hp android app? thanks
is it Windows 7 compatable?
Does this automatically connect to an existing base? We have four of these and one extension broke. We want to replace it.
Can this expansion handset be used at the same time another expansion handset is being used when only 5-10 feet from each other?
does this product come with a power base?
Width and height
what is the height of the keyboard tray?
In the picture, the keyboard shelf has a vertical bar blocking the bottom of the keyboard. Can that space be opened so my wrists can rest comfortably?
What are the dimensions of the keyboard shelf?
Does this desk include computer standing and drawer together like the picture?
what is the top or working surface made of ????
Is the backside of the desk finished (so it could be placed anywhere in the room)?
Can anyone tell me the dimensions of the desk top itself? Thank you.
What are the dimensions of the desk when assembled?
Is it possible to build without the keyboard drawer?
is this scale compatible with Endicia software?
Does this scale work with stamps.com?
If I suspect that the accuracy is "off," can this scale be recalibrated? If so, how? And what size weight is required? Where to get?
Can this be used with the USPS?
Does this work with UPS ?
How long does the scale takes to measure? I want to measure the weigth o a quick tap on the scale? Also, how often does send the values to the pc?
Does this have auto shut off? I want something that stays on until I turn it off. Thanks
does it works with out usb plug
Will this work with Fed Ex?
Is this compatible with a MAC?
Can you write on them with pen or sharpie? If yes, will it smear off?
is the shipping cheaper if i order 2 sets?
if I order 500, can I get 250 in neon red and 250 in neon green?
How quickly can you ship these?
Are these on a sheet that go thru a laser printer?
If you order say 1000 do they come numbered 1-1000 or in two packs of 1-500?
Are these consecutively numbered?
can you print on them? what type of printer will this be?
if i order now cn i get them before fridayplease let me know
Do you have 10 available for sale right now?
can i use this on a inject printer?
How many wrist bands come in a pack? 500? for $8.84?
Can they be written with ink or permanent marker &amp; stay readable when used in lake (swimming) ?
how do i print my name on it
What shade of blue are the wristbands? The descriptor says neon but the image looks more royal.
can I get dimensions for this printer?
Will this printer work with documents sent via Bluetooth from Android devices (Samsung Note)?
Will this printer be able to print from an Android Tablet
What kind of carrying case do you all use? Need a rolling office type that will hold printer and small ultrabook.
Will the printer heads clog if you don't print very often?
can i print from my ipad
Actual # of pages printed per cartridge? Spec says 400-500, is this accurate?
does this include the rechargeable battery?
Does HP Officejet 100 mobile printer comes with Bluetooth already build in printer or do you have to buy separately some kind adapter?
does it come with all the cables for charging?
Is this a genuine Datacard brand? Or generic brand?
Is it replacement for Datacard Part No. 552854-504 ?
Does it work with CP 40 plus ?
is this of 500 prints ?
do you have 39 pcs of this item?
works for cp40?
would like to know if this band is compatible with model cd-800 datacard
I want to ask if these items are compatible for Datacard CP40?
I would like to know if this 534000-003 Datacard Ribbon Kit 534000-003 fits on a DATACARD SP25 Plus? tks
I need buy printer ribbon for Datacard CP60, please post it in case it becomes available
What is the voltage input into handset? I will use them out of USA (USA: 110 V)
The color lists "black" but this looks like the 2-tone black/silver version. Is the phone all black, or as pictured?
can you turn off the answering machine feature?
Does this phone have an intercom capability between handsets?
What are steps to delete a message. e.g., Can you delete message without being forced to listen to date/time etc.
Does phone announce incoming calls (i.e., name or number)?
Why is it still listed at $899
Can you use Call Waiting by just hitting the "Flash" button? Or is it really as difficult as so many reviewers have said?
does it have a speakerphone?
is the base station wall mountable?
How large are the wheels? I have to have one that can be pulled easily through deep soft sand.
How big is this folded up? I have a Beetle and need it to fit the trunk.
My buggy came with damaged small front wheels , both! I was able to use wheels from older bugg. Ned to use this buggy
Could I use this to haul fishing gear (tackle boxes, rods) from the parking lot to the pier? Will it fold up to take on a charter fishing boat?
Does the cooler attachment have zipper
I am looking for a replacement cooler, after 4 seasons, we finally ripped the bottom. Anyone know where I might find the cooler only?
Does it fold for storage
does it come with a cooler what dimensions are the opening into the cart
Are the rear wheels just cheap plastic? I need something that will hold up well on pavement.
where do i find replacement wheels
Is this 564xl for photosmart printer and not for photo black?
Does this fit the HP Photosmart 5520? Currently uses 564XL black, but note in description, says smaller size.
fit the photosmart 6520?
Does this fit the HP officejet 4630? Actually, I ordered this based on Amazon's suggestion already, But it doesn't fit my HP officejet 4630. I
what is the expiration date on the package
do you know if this ink can also be used for hp printer 4625?
does this replace the larger black ink cartridge in the hp 7510?
does this fit the photosmart 7520
Does this replace the larger black ink cartrge in the Photosmart Prem-Web C309 n-s?The package shows a black circle on it rather than black pentagon.
Is product all original to HP or simply relacement ink by SophiaGlobal placed into HP cartridges??
do they come in the oem box like pictured
Are all four cartridges XL or just the black one?
Why don't my 564 ink cartridges from my previous printer work in my new 6520?
When do these ink cartridges expire?
I have a HP Photocmart premium C309g - will these work?
are these oem as pictured?
Ink cartridges compatible with HP 7525 inkjet printer
ESTOS CARTUCHOS FUNCIONAN CON LA IMPRESORA HP-6520?
will they work in Office jet 4620?
How long are the shorter sides of the surface?
What is real color. Its like oak?
How many inches of wall space do I need on each side for clearance, in case the description is wrong. . .again?
Is PR76320 and PR76380 Natural Cherry finish or Hansen Cherry finish?
dimensions?
I have an ergonomic keyboard which is a bit larger than a standard keyboard. Is the keyboard surface large enough to accommodate it?
how tall is the overall setup? what is the maximum height i can move the monitor to?
Does this come with all required mounting hardware to fit to an existing Workfit-S?
Can this be used on any desk or it will only fit with desktop from this manufacturer?
Once I added this table to the workstation, the weight of it keeps pulling the table down. Is there something to hold the table up?
Is it compatible with all models?
Can this be used on a regular desk? Or is this just an add-on product to be used with another product from this manufacturer?
Are these full size notebooks (8.5 x 11)?
Which side is the margin on?
Are the notebooks college-ruled?
It is just notebook or 4 notebooks? Iam confused...
What is the size of the pen head? I need them to be 1mm or smaller to work with the spirograph.
so what is the difference in inkjoy 100 and 300 , and the other # of inkjoys?
Is it triangular?
Do they run out of ink fast?
Do these have water-based ink?
Diff between 100rt and 300rt paper mate pens
Country Of Origin?
Does it write on black paper?
Will these work with a spiral graph or do they come in a fine point?
Is the ink acid free?
Does it save to an SD card or is a computer with Windows/Mac required
Does anyone know if this will convert the larger(120 size) or very old glass slides?
is it compatible with windows 7
Any one have trouble getting their PC and Scanner to communicate? I just received the scanner today and can't use it.
I've lost the cable that connects the box to the computer. Can someone please tell me what kind of cable I need to get so it will work?
Loaded software on Mac OS 10.9.5. plugged it in to USB on Mac. software starts and says "Scanner is not Communicating with PC". anyone seen this?
What is the resolution - megapixels?
Does this scan 120 medium format film?
How many prints can you load at a time?
IS IT COMPATIBLE WITH WINDOWS 8.1?
I have a Motorola dect 6.0 L702M. Will this work as an addionail handseat?
I have a L404C currently. Will this work as an accessory set?
hello, it works with L402C system?
What are the power input requirements? How many volts? AC or DC? Information should be both on the power cube and the base unit. And in the manual.
I have model: L705CM that came with a base phone and four additional phones that currently sit in other units that I have at a Correctional Facility. Somehow our staff misplaced one of the phone and a second phone has a battery missing from the unit....
Can you turn the ringer off??
just bought this item do I get batteries included
can i conect with this system? Motorola DECT 6.0 Enhanced Cordless Phone with Digital Answering System L701
(Motorola DECT 6.0 Enhanced Cordless Phone with Digital Answering System L701) i bought this one too but i cant connect this two phones still. why?
I allready have a Motorola dect 6 601 series phone with base. Will this phone connect to my current base?
Does the handset have speakerphone capabilities?
Does the handset plug into AC outlet or into a phone jack?
what type of batteries does this phone take?
the caller can hear me, but I can't hear a sound. Does anyone else have this problem
does anyone have trouble accessing the phone book or have the phone register unavailable?
does this phone work with the pulse system?
Can you add an additional 3rd handset to the phone system?
Does this phone light up when it rings?
Does this phone have a headset jack?
Does this phone have an answering machine or voicemail?
does it work with windows 8.1 ?
is ths pointer wirelles?
Does this printer work with an iPad and possibly the Square? Thanks
is this printer windows 8 compatible
I can easily plug printer into my router- will I then be able to print from my wireless connected laptop?
does it come with the starter cartridge? I just wanted to know if i had to buy the toner separately or is it included?
can it only print in black?
I'm window 7 user. I tried to use auto duplex printing, but I have to manually feed the paper even the paper located at the auto feed container. Please help me to solve this problem. Any comments are very helpful to me.
whats the factory warranty?
When I scan I want the paperwork to be in PDF format, will this printer take whatever I scan and put it into a PDF format?
When doing auto duplex, do you have to flip the original or does it do it by itself. I know it flips the one it prints, but does it flip the original?
what is the maximum span you can scan with this machine?
Can you copy/scan a page from a book?
mac compatible?
Does this printer come with the ink? Or do I need to purchase it seperately? Thanks!!!!!!
Does anyone know how this model compares to the Brother DCP7065?
Is this printer compatible with Windows 8?
mac compatible?
Is there a document feeder for copying?
IS THIS MODEL COMPATIBLE WIH MAC OSX 10-4-11
input voltage?
Can this be used as a stand alone copier without having to be connected to a computer?
Will this work with an IMac OSX10.6.8?
Is this printer wireless?
Will these fit the pilot MR pencil?
What are the dimensions of a single refill? Do they match: Diameter 4.9 mm, length 12.5 mm ?
The picture on this page shows a blue box containing a dozen boxes of five erasers each. Is that what we're getting or just one box of five erasers?
Do these come with the lead needles to remove broken lead?
Will these fit the Pilot "The Shaker" pencil? Part # H-1010?
What are the needles for?
Has anyone tried theses erasers with a BIC Atlantic/Velocity mechanical pencil? My pencils erasers don't have the metal, maybe without it?
Will these fit the Dr. Grip 1+1 PIL36125 model? I believe this pen/pencil combo is discontinued so I'm having difficulty finding the correct erasers.
Will they fit pilot dr. Grip 0.5 pencil ?
Do these erasers fit the following product: Pilot Dr. Grip 4+1 Multi Ball Pen + Mechanical Pencil, Bordeaux
should you use this while wearing shoes..?
does this have something on the bottom to prevent it from sliding around?
is it high enough if i don't want my feet to be below the level of my bottom while I'm setting on desk chair ? cuz i have sweelling if kept feet down
what is the width of this item?
I am in need of a solid adjustable footrest for office work. Does anyone know if this footrest qualifies as an acceptable HSA purchase?
Can this be locked into place parallel to the floor
Does this footrest have a gel pad?
how much does the stool weigh?
Is this made of steel or plastic?
How many watts does this pull?
I just purchased this phone at Walmart, is it a good buy?? I just wanted a simple phone.
Please tell me where I can buy a replacement battery for this phone and if possible what is the battery model number?
Please tell me where I can buy a replacement battery for this phone and if possible what is the battery model numbe?
does this phone have a headset jack?
how long can you talk on hand set before battery crokes
useful for heaing impaired?
do you have to have caller id with the phone company for it to work?
How to retrieve messages
does it have a headset jack?
DOES IT HANG ON THE WALL?
Where are the expandle headsets? I need 3 cordless handsets and don't see them for sale here.
can you listen to a caller while they leave a message
Does the answering machine have an audible tone notification when messages are left on the machine or only a visual notification or both?
Do you have to have an Answering feature with your telephone carrier or is your greeting &amp; recorded incoming messages part of this phone?
can you shut off ringer on both phone and answering machine too?
how far from the base can you go do it have a headset jack
how many humbers can be stored in the phone book?
does this phone come with a do not disturb feature?
Can you have 2 different voice mail boxes?
Does this phone come with a clip? I need a phone I can clip onto my clothes when I use it on speakerphone.
Can this be mounted to a wall?
Can this work without Quickbooks POS?
Where can replacement labels be found?
Will this tag printer work with the quickbooks POS 2013 basic? I have Windows 8.
Do the cables come with this printer? Will it print jewelry tags as well as larger tags?
what is the label number that fits this printer, and is this thermal printer? thanks
is this printer compatible with windows 7
Do the wheels need air? Does the handle extend to 41"? Does the base have wing extenders in order to get to 15"W x 14" deep?
What is the weight of the cart?
Does the platform (base that bears weight of load) have any cross members in it, or is it a 15" x 14" frame with nothing in between? I've asked a seller but have received no response.
can you fax from this machine
Can this printer fax?
does it print double sided pages?
How fast is 1st copy?
Does it print 11x17 sized documents
How many typical color pages have you been able to crank out of your toners? Also, if have you tried using remanufactured toners, how did it perform?
Can you scan from this unit?
What are the dimensions?
How do I set up the wireless printer capability? So frustrated!
what is the warranty period for this item
Does the product comes with the chip ?I mean the chip that communicates with the printer !!!
does this product comes with the reset chip ?
does this product comes with the chip ?
Can I use a merlin telephone in my house with this?
can my data carrying rj45 connection pass through this while giving access to the unused pairs for a tel line connection on either end?
If I have a Cat5 outlet can I hook a fax machine with an RJ 11 plug to the RJ 11 receptacle and be able to use the fax.
my phone service is internet based, will this device allow me to use a cable modem without a dedicated phone port and still use my phone?
I have Time Warner cable---internet and phone with them, I bought a Motorola cable modem SB6141...Can I use this for my phone with Time Warner
I have comcast &amp; we bought a ARRIS / Motorola SB6121 Cable Modem. This device doesnt have home phone plug. Will this work?
If I have a Cat-5 outlet will this allow me to plug my landline phone line into the RJ11 socket? I tried but no dial tone.
I'm switching from att to comcast, CAN I USE THIS TO HOOK MY LANDLINED TO THE ETHERNET JACK OF MODEM THE GET LANDLINE PHONE DIAL TONE? tHANK YOU
is this an energy star product?
When I try to print on cardstock. It gives me a "paper jammed" error message. The paper isn't jammed; it hasn't even gone in yet! Suggestions?
what are the sleep and deep sleep options? have any of the current users had issues waking the printer up remotely to start a print?
If color ink cartridge is low will black still print?
Is this printer able to print from an iPad? AirPrint compatible?
Does anyone know if this will copy legal size paper?
Will this printer continue to function if one of the toners gets low? Will it print in black and white if the color toners are empty?
Will this printer work with my Mac? I am running OS 10.7.5 If so, will it be seamless like other printers are?
Does this allow airprint for IOS devices or google cloud print when using wireless adapter?
Is the scanner a duplex scanner?
Can you scan to a networked PC or does the PC have to be directly connected to the printer/scanner?
Will this printer handle multiple envelopes?
To install is there a direct connection to the router, or can I print from USB port using a wireless laptop?
AirPrint compatable?
I'm looking to put this on a cabinet with shelves above it. How tall is it when the scanner tray is in the up position?
Are these the complete unit including the drum, corona wire, etc.?
Is this deal worth it or will it just be a pain?
What is the print yield for these ?cartridges
Are these compatible with the HL-3040CN, I went to finally replace these 3 months after I bought them and I can't fit them in the holders
Are these easily refillable?
Will they work with Brother HL-3075CW printer?
Will these toners work with my Brother HL-3045CN printer?
what is the toner yield?
Are the stamp images as pictured on the product?
If the paper is not blue, is the trim blue?
How do you fold these?
What is the exact weight of one sheet of paper?
what are the dimensions?including handle
how is it on stairs
does the cart have 4 wheels.
What is the size of the basket? The product description indicates 17 by 16. What is the actual basket size?
What are the demensions of basket. The Product description indicates 17 by 16. Is that true or is it smaller?
do the fixed wheels move easy around corners
what size is cart basket ?
Is this for 1 or two cartridges? Twin pack implies 2 cartridges, but some reviewers imply they only received one. Just want to know what I am buying..
Is this the one that has the bow tie in the five cartridge printer?
I get a message that this product is bogus, not HP. What's up?
how many copies per cartridge?
what are the dimensions of this item?
Can you use a regular dvd burner to burn a Blu-ray movie or other things on a Blue-Ray disc.
Just bought a new computer using a pioneer bdr-209bks burner. Is this supported?
12x
Can anybody who bought these disc recently tell me what the Media ID is
I'm looking at a Samsung 6x external. It's not listed in the compatibility section. Anyone see a problem?
does this work with the old lg ggw h20 bluray writer?
Do you know what is the MID of this bd-r.
What size is the shred bin?
I bought this on April 3rd. Every time I use it, it begins to beep and doesn't stop until I cycle the power. No indicator lights light up. Why?
Is there a warranty with this shredder?
Do these inks have the same fade resistance as the Canon brand?
Do the chips reset automatically or can you reset them with a chip resetter?
These cartridges are HORRIBLE. Nothing is coming out the colors they're supposed to and I bought this ink to print head shots. Everything is red!
Does these cartridges have the print chip installed?
has this pro had problems when changinging from the original cartridgdes to the new ones: My question is when you take out the original cartride, (the one with the red light) is there a problem with the printer accepting the new NDC-225/226 cartridge?
are these cartridges set up for refilling , without drilling any holes , or buying any plugs ?
Is it possible to print strips of photographs? like the old photo booths? Does it have in house cutting mechanism? Many Thanks
is the printer come with ribbon and paper?
it doesn't say what type of in cartridge it uses. do you know which?
Is there a Mac printer driver for this?
Can you print directly from a camera or do you have to use a computer to print?
Hi , please let me know if I can get consumable for this printer . Also if you can explain to me how this compares to the P510K . Seriously intereste
Hi. Ship to Italy? If so, how much for shipping?
ship to Mexico? If so, how much for shipping?
Do the cartridges work properly with Canon pima MG5220 ? I have read conflicting info about it and I am not sure anymore.
do you have to clean over and over again your printer with this cartrige? l have a canon pixma ix6520
willl these work in Cannon MG6220
It says 10 pack. Does that mean there are two of each ink cartridge?
Please, What are ink cartridges with clips?
I just installed a full set of these cartridges into my Canon PIXMA 882, and the printer has locked up with error U043. Help?
i have a canon ix6500 what replacements would i use...thank I HAVE A IX-6500 -------------- NOT A IX-65620
i have a canon ix6500 what replacements would i use...thanks
how many pages can you print with an ink cartridge
will these work in a Canon Pixma MX892?
There are a words : Canon PIXMA MG6320 White Wtireless Color Photo Printer with Scanner and Copier. Is that true???
Do these cartridges come with chips?
Do you use this ink to print photos or just documents?
are these made by Canon?
Will these work in an Canon MG6100, which also takes the 225 &amp; 226 cartridges?
What is the size of the scale top where you place your item on?
Does anything over 1 oz read 2oz ? Does it stay on zero if it is under 2 oz? I need a scale for letters and packages.
Does it have auto turn off feature? I don't want that feature.
does this scale have a manual reset button or does it go back to zero as soon as you remove the package?
What are the measuring units?
Does it connect to a PC or MAC via USB port?
My scale is not zeroing out. I really do not want to spend $99 on a calibration weight? I don't know whether to send it back. Any suggestions?
how do i change kg to lbs or ounces
Does this scale have a TARE function?
When is this scale going to be available again?
Do you need a memory card?
Would this be useful to scan old handwritten Wills and Administrations for genealogy purposes?
scan 12''x12'' pages?
the copycat scanner software does not recognise the usb connect from the copycat scanner
How do you scan 4x6 photos without them coming out all goofy looking. Is there a trick to using it over smaller items? The wheels seem to stick a lot.
So which is it? 20 lbs or 3 lbs? 500 sheets or 2500 sheets? It'd be nice if they could get the product information, features, and title to match.
IS IT 10 REAMS FOR 11.19?
$18.99 for ONE ream of 500 sheets? Seriously? This is your standard weight and brightness. Is this pricing a mistake or just a ripoff?
I've read everything, and I am still really confused on the price. What is the cost for one ream of 500 pages? Walmart has it for $3.72
do you ship to untied kingdom?
is it for use with ink jet printer
500 sheets for $17.99. I thought it was for 5 boxes. 2500 sheets. Rip off ? 5/9/14
Good day. You have 10 boxes available? What would be the price for the 10?
is this order for 10 reams of 500 sheets or is it 1 ream for an order?
Is this college ruled?
Are the covers on these notebooks "soft" or hard cardboard like cover?
how much pages are in this book of 80 sheets
Are the folders made of plastic or paper?
is there a way i can buy just one pink folder?
Are these folders "bottom pocket" folders?
Are these college ruled or wide ruled?
Can at least 150 guests sign the book and is there a page for the wedding date and bride/groom information?
Is it possible to get an extra basket? as i have 2 flower girls.
How many pages and how many people can sign? Is this the same guest book as
Are the hearts pins that could be removed?
can it be used with a mcintosh pro lap using snow lepard and mountain lion os's
How do wrinkled receipts do in scanner?
Rack2-Filer Smart program is working with Mac? I found that Scansnap without Rack2-Filer Smart is cheaper than this.
Can you scan, let's say a receipt, and save it for later storage onto your computer once you're at home, or office?
Is it possible to connect with an iPad 4 (w/ Lightning connector)?
CAN THIS SCANNER BE USED WITH THE MACINTOSH
Does this model come with all the software I need to record receipts
what is the AC voltage 120V or 220V?
Can it count Bangladesh Taka? BDT
what is hopper capacity?
Venezuelan airplane account?
I've got one, and can't get the drawer open . . . any ideas?
what is continuous run time?
what maintenance is needed
How long is each of the straight sides?
How wide is the keyboard panel?
What is this desk made out of?
What size monitor will fit on the shelf?
Does the pull out drawer have wheels on it as pictured?
Does the storage units on top of the desk move? Can they be removed?
Does the color have any red in it? I have cherry furniture and I am hoping this desk is not too dark.
is the back finished so that one side can be exposed?
Is it easy to install on TN-450 cartridge?
Can this refill be used for a starter cartridge from HL-2240? Thank you.
how many times can this bottle refill the toner?
Does this come with a spring, faceplate, and reset gear?
Has anyone's printer got ghosting after using this product?
ferrofluid
Does the ink dry out fast? And does it smudge?
Does this come with a funnel
Is this toner a "Liquid" base or a "Powder" base toner refill please ??? Thanks
How many grams should go in the TN-420 and TN450 to ensure that the toner doesn't run out before the flag gear points to empty?
How many of you reviewers used this ink successfully with the Cannon MG5220?
Why doesn't the drop-down list of compatible printers include the Pixma MX 712 printer? It is shown above in the product compatibility listing.
Are the cartridges compatible with the Canon PIXMA MX892? It uses CLI-226 series and PGI-225PGBK.
Is this product compatible with my mg5300 printer?
Will these work with the Pixma MG6220?
Will these work with a Canon Pixma 8200
Are these replacements compatible to use in conjunction with the canon brand ink cartiridges? Or do I need to replace every color with this brand?
Has anybody tried these on a Canon Pixma 5520 ?
I use my MG5220 for tshirt transfers. Will this ink work with them and will it last as long on the shirts?
will this work for Canon MG5200?
Does this ink hold up over time like the OEM?
Will this work with the Canon MX922?
Is this product compatible with Canon Pixma 5200?
How many pages can it staple? Going off to college next year and was wondering if this would be suitable.
What types of staples does it take
Where can I get an instruction manual for this product?
how do i open the lime green harinacs staple free stapler?l it is not the same design as shown.
Can you "unstaple" the pages without tearing the paper?
Is the color of the lead black? or darker than a regular pencil? I'm looking for a dark colored pencil to stand out on green ledger paper. Thanks!
Do these pencils come sharpened?
Does the graphite contain wax?
How does the Black Ticonderoga compare to Mirado Black Warrior and the Palomino Blackwing?
Whats the difference between the Black Ticonderoga's and Yellow Ticonderoga's?
Do these pencils come sharpened?
how easy is it to separate the papers? If we need to scan the papers eventually, we need to separate them. Please let me know.
Does it leave that unwanted bump in the corner of the joined papers like staples do? I mean, when you stack many stapled documents, it gets thick.
How many pages can this stapler staple and hold together nicely?
Is this made of plastic or metal?
Does this work for posting documents onto a classroom board?
Kokuyo Harinacs Japanese Stapleless Stapler Black (Office Product) Question - When you staple paper with this stapleless stapler, Is there is a hole left on the paper?
can phone and base be wall mounted?
do the hand sets have speaker phone option? Can'T zoom in on handset keyboard
Do I need a home phone line?
When a call comes in thru your cell phone and you don't pick up, are messages left on you cell voicemail or on the home phone?
What is the approximate range from the base to one of the other phones in the system?
Does anyone know if this will work with the Nokia 928 Windows phone and the Samsung Intensity II? Neither is on their compatibility list.
audible caller id?
DOES THIS PHONE COME WITH A BELT CLIP?
How can I get a manual?
is this unit compatible with IPhone 4?
I wonder if this officer to head the Genesis S815? are physically identical
Will this work for S409? Thank you.
Is the print head that takes the 105XL black cartridges different than the one that takes the 100XL black. Because of price I've never bought 100XL's
What exactly is the 'printhead'?
I received the message saying I have not installed black cartridge, despite having tried 2 brand new cartridges. Time for new printhead? Or?
I have a Prevail Pro709, does it work??
This printhead work in Lexmark Pro 915?
My printhead is marked 170849 and is from a PRO915 910 series is this the correct printhead?
Will this printhead work in Lexmark X2670?
I have a PRO901 - THE TECH TLD ME I NEED A # 14N229 repl prInter head - IS THE 14NO700/14N1339 CORRECT REPL ?
can i carry this in my pick-up truck and print wirelessly from my ipad.
Is the battery included with this?
Does it use plain or thermal paper?
What ink cartridges does it use?
Can I e print from an apple ipad
Do I have to have a internet connection to print from my lap top?
can i print from my ipad or macbook?
Does it print with a Microsoft Surface Pro 3?
Does it have a sd card slot
Is the USB cable cord included with this?
Does this work in a HP LaserJet P1102w?
I have a LaserJet M1212nf MFP. The cartridge I currently use is hp LaserJet 85A CE285A. Will this new toner work for me?
Do these work with HP Laser Jet Pro M1212nf CE841A#BGJ?
Does it yield 1600 pages per cartidge? Do you use them all up before they dry out? Thanks
is this compatible with HP Laser jet pro P1102w?
Are these toner cartridges compatible for the HP LaserJet M1217nfw?
Does it work for the HP laser jet p1102w?
Is this toner compatible for an HP Laserprinter MF1217?
does this chair lean or tilt back?
how much weight can it hold
I saw someone answer the minimum height is 17.5 inches from top of seat to floor, but what is the maximum height from seat to floor?
are the wheels on this chair good for hardwood floors?
Seat cushion becomes flat for a long period seating on it?
how comfortable is the chair.
I have the same question, how much weight can this chair hold?
I lost the screws that attach the chair and the base (Comfort Products 60-5811 Twin-Cushion Bonded Leather Executive Chair). What kind are they?
Hello, I can't adjust tilt tension and tilt lockout. I cannot rotate the tension knob and I have the seat plate at the correct possiton
Are the armrests removable? And does it come assembled?
What size signs fit on this frame? Assume we're using 4mm coroplast.
Where do you get inserts for this and how hard are they to change out? This would be for a church thrift shop clearance sale- need to save $ and hassl
Is there a plastic covering to protect the printed sign from rain?
Can you write directly on it, like with chalk markers or dry erase markers? If not, do you make one that you can do that on?
is this an actual signacade brand product?
does this have tabs to hold the sign in place?
Assume "double sided viewing" means both sides are designed to hold inserts?
How heavy are they?
I see some one els asked about inserts. How dose this sign work? do i write on the plastic or do i order inserts, if so can you recomand a product?
What are the dimensions on the whole frame (not just the inserts)?
Are these poles compatible with model TY-ST42PX5W?
Does this pole kit TXFBL01EQUU adapt this TV TH-46PZ80U to this base TBLX0037?
Are they compatible with TBLX0033?
Are these white white or a dull grey white like the pacon railroad board? Is it a matte finish or does it have a slight sheen like most poster board?
Are these considered Gloss or semigloss for taking air brush or acrylic without to much absorption?
What is the size? (description says 22x25, but dimensions say 22x28 inches)
how thick are they?
How heavy in this paper? Is it rigid, and can it be folded? I'm looking for something that can be used for music covers.
Does the clip swivel?
I'm in a rush and need to make the inserts while I'm waiting for the badges. What is the exact dimension of the paper insert?
Does this item include the sheets to print on, or are they only the clear empty plastic inserts with the clip?
On the clip where it hinges, is there a tiny open hole on the side that a safety pin could be put through it or is it a blocked pinhole?
Can you print sheets from the computer?
There is a warning label says the product contains chemicals that is known to cause cancer, etc. I'm concerned about using this product.
Do the clips have teeth or are they smooth?
can you turn the clips around
How long does it take to print the inserts?
does this product come with a template and the laser cards?
hello I bought my printer in England I need to know if your chips are compatible with my printer so. let me know as soon as possible please thanks
How many times should each bottle of toner fill each cartridge?
Does this include the reset chips also?
does the 68.00 price for four bottles include the developer
Can it also be for a Dental Hygienist?
hello i want to buy with this item mollar mug and key chain. do you ship to Turkey??* Thanks
I don't want to send a gift that has flaws of any kind to a most recently graduated dentist; do I hv to worry about this?
do you have one that will work with a Vetech CS6429-2 ?
Hi. Do you know if it's only 110v or if it's 110v-220v? Thanks a lot.
will this work with the uniden d1785-3t model
Hi. Does it work with a battery or plugued? Thank you
Will this DRX100 range extender work with my D1780-3 Uniden cordless phone system??
hello, how many come in one order?
How do you attach these? is there a lanyard slot or other hole on one side?
How many comes in one pack?
Is it clear on both sides? front and back
Do you know if this item is double sided? As in, can you insert an image or document to be viewed on either side?
How many cards does it hold at once?
I am a DOD ID card holder- I usually keep my card in the protective envelope. Will the envelope fit in this holder as well as the card?
how do u hook it on
Can the cushion be unzipped and the outside cleaned?
what is used in the cusion
I have a 15" computer - will there be room for a mouse?
Is the cotton pillow directly velcro'd to the bamboo underside?
Is it solid bamboo or veneer?
What material is the lapdesk made of?
I have a 17inch laptop. will it fit?
Is the flat surface somewhat angled? It looks as though it is(?)
Could a seven year old use this comfortably?
I have a Surface Pro, is there room on the sides to use a mouse (if the device is moved to one side) ?
Is the surface completely smooth like wood or glass? or does it have little bumbs?
Is this too wide for a child to use on a plane?
Does this lapdesk have pockets underneath like your jumbo desk
I asked if I could rotate the monitor from landscape to portrait, and the answer is yes. Thanks to Luis M. who answered first.
How far does the arm extends? Thanks.
It states that the stand holds up to 24" monitors. Monmount's site states it can hold up to 22 pounds. How about a 27" monitor that is only 11 pounds?
My desk has a beveled edge. The underside is recessed a bit over 1/2" from the top. Will the bottom screws go in far enough to get a safe grip?
I have an asus vx238h gaming monitor, will this work? I lost the base
Can this be mounted/clamped upside-down? I want it to attach to my desk hutch, hanging below a 2-ft tall shelf.
How easy is it to adjust the height? I need to be adjust it 2-3 times a day, so it is important to be able to do that quickly and easily
Can this stand tilt so that the monitor is 90 degrees for a person who is lying flat?
What is the diameter of the mounting pole?
Can I mount the arm on a different pole? I have a longer pole that I would like to use.
Will it scan 12"x12" photo album pages?
Is this scanner self sheet feeding
Can it feed/scan a Drivers license and or business card size?
does anyone know if you can scan a page from a book with this?
Can this scanner be powered by a usb connection?
what to do if pictures come out with lines, blurred?
does it have OCR?
can you save a scan directly to pc through usb cable?
is this dual voltage for travel?
Could it be used to scan drivers licsences and the like?
How do you change the footpedals to Left for reweind, Right for fast forward?
So is the software the Pro version and is it the complete software or just a 14 day trial for you to then have to buy something else?
can this work with media player
Is there anyway to use this product in conjunction with dictation to an iPhone?
What digital dictation devices work in conjunction with this program?
Can this software be used on more than one computer?
Is this product Mac compatible?
How long can it record?
Will this Key fit my Old original Baldwin lock which is not a smart key lock?
Does this key have a 3 on the back side of the blank
Is the picture of the blank key exactly same as the key? Or should I ask if it fits the Baldwin smartkey lock
is this interchangeable with the Kwikset KW1 blank?
Is this key made in the USA
That initial $305 unit, does it contain drum &amp; toner? What capacity? Full 30K for drum &amp; 10K toner? Or some "sample" ones with much smaller capacity?
Is it air print compatible
Does this printer have a separate tray to feed envelopes?
After 2 years, pages have a light area 2-3 inches in from the left. Toner Save is "Off". New Oki brand toner; no change. Is it the drum? Thanks
Is there a way to check the toner level, other than waiting for a "Toner Low" message on the screen? Thanks..
Said wireless, but I have no idea how to set it up to my network at home. Awful direction.
Anyone printing Avery labels with this?
Is it 220 volts?
Is the Oki data B431Dn printer wireless?
i have read that the 431 has some win8 compatability issues, have you experienced that and if so how did you fix the problem so 431 works w/ win8
does it fax also?
what is the height of this printer?
Where does the paper load in this printer, the front, the back, or the sides?
WIN 8 64 bit Driver available?
does my computer have to have a cd drive to set it up???
Are color cartridges seperate or combined?
is it window 7 compatible?
Does it have an Ethernet socket -- that is, can you plug it into your LAN as well as connecting via wireless?
Does it print from iPad
Can this printer be used with a HP computer?
will this work with WINDOWS 7 or just XP ???
Will the CardScan Personal V9 work with Windows 8 for 64 bit?
Will it work with windows 7 professional 64 bit OS?
will this work on a laptop with Windows 7 Professional, 64 Bit, 4 GB RAM?
Will it work with a Windows 7 Home premium 64 bit system?
Will the cardscan personal v9 work with the Mac, specifically Maverick?
Can this scanner be used by multiple ppl? Ex: could 4 people in our office each dwnld the software &amp; use to sync to their own email accts separately?
The dimensions of the CardScan Personal V9 appear to be incorrect. The CardScan website list it at less than 5" wide. Is this the same product?
What are the 7 languages?
Does anyone know if this product works with a VDI setup and/or Windows 8?
does this work on a 64 bit windows 7 system??
Can this scan directly into an excel spreadsheet rather than outlook?
does it work with windows 7?
What are 7 languages recognition ?
Will this scanner read an ID card like a driver's license?
Can you export contacts saved in the standalone software to Outlook 2010 64 bit ?
Does Dymo CardScan V9 have sane backend support in debian Linux?
Will this scanner work with linux?
I have Office 2013 and Windows 8, is this compatible?
Does this extra handset have intercom capability and talking caller ID?
Hi - does it have a jack for a head set? Thanks!
What model has easy clear Manual?
Is this a black handset that is the same as KX-TG7532?
CAN YOU SHUT OFF THE ANSWERING MACHINE?
CAN YOU SHUT OFF ALL 4 RINGERS?
Does it have speed dial?
Does this phone system include an intercom system?
Do these phones have Call Blocking?
Does this phone have a silent setting
Do these come with wall mounts?
If you're on the phone and another call comes in does the caller ID show the new caller's ID? Does the base unit beep when there is an unread message?
How tall of stack of paper can it cut cleanly?
which are the cutting dies provided? In inches please, thanks
Can I punch and round more than one paper? like a whole book? thanks!
Can you hang it on the wall or is it just a desk type phone?
Does this phone have an RJ type Jack for a headset?
Does thsi phone have a power cord
How easy would it be to add a wireless headset to this?
Does this phone come with a stand?
Does this phone allow you to set up a ringtone for each individual line? Like have one ring tone for Line 1 and another for Line 2?
dose the phone need two lines to work
does this phone have a 2.5mm headset jack?
Does the phone have a ringer volume control or Hi/Lo/Off switch?
Does this come in a red and white box?
Will this work on a Brother HL2140?
Do you consolidate shipping on multiple cartridge orders?
Is this compatible with a HL2240 the one one recieved in the mail sayd 2240D ?
what is the page yield for this cartridge
Is it really suitatble to HL2230 as only HL2240 is printed on the box
Will Brother HL-2280DW have compatibility problem? Will it recognize your artridge? Thanks
I cannot install the toner on my MFC 7860DW. It is not even of the same size of my old TN450 cartridge.
Can this cartridge be refilled with powdered toner?
Where does one dispose of used cartridge??
Does it comes with 2 years warranty on the printer and print-head?
Does it have 2 years warranty on printer and print-head?
What's the difference from this model do Zebra P110i?
Is it possible to print one side, flip it over and print the other side?
does this come with everything you need to start making badges or are there accessories to buy?
is this ready to go or is there anything else to buy camera ribbions ect?
Is this a manual or electric sharpener? I can't find anything on this page that specifies which one this sharpener is...
For Prismacolor colored pencils, which is best: the Prismacolor Premier pencil sharpener or the Prismacolor Oval (bullet shaped) Pencil Sharpener?
How do I open it to empty it?
How do you open this thing to empty?
Anyone know of any reason why this would be a poor choice for regular pencils? I'm interested in the dual sharpening angle feature. Thanks.
Does this workwith watercolor pencils?
Does the blade remove
Will it accommodate the larger diameter pencils such as My First Ticonderoga?
does this work for regular pencils
Will this sharpen the Prismacolor Premier Turquoise graphite pencils?
Is the base wall-mountable?
Does this phone work with other home phones?
Do all expandable handsets have to be plugged in to a wall jack? I cannot find the actual handsets other than the one model
Does phone come with electric plug and phone jack
is it a mobile phone?
What is the differnce between the $69.99 and the 89.99 dollar one?
Where can I find an additional hand set to work with this phone?
does this phone have call waiting?
can I mute the ringer on this phone?
What is the standard warranty? I bought one in October, and it is dead, the battery does not charge.
Is there any way to disable the flashing light that indicates missed calls? I bought the phone for use in a bedroom and the light is very distracting.
Have a new duo pack But one of the phones is constantly blinking. Does this mean it's still recharging?If not how do I turn the light off????
The headset battery looks to be quite unique. Is the battery replaceable without Swissvoice? Companies come and go... phones go on and on...
Can I use two of these in the same house? On the same phone line. Not at the same time. But will the units interfere with one another?
is this a regular land line phone that connects by telephone cord to wall outlet
Is this product a free voltage? I'm intending to use it in a country with 220V and would there be any problem if I do that??
Can this phone mount vertically on the wall?
will it work on a xfinity phone line?
Display says "Keys Locked" cannot figure out why...or how to "unlock" it? Also, analog network?Will it work with comcast?
Can this phone record messages?
Do these cartridges have expiration dates? if so, what are they?
Are these original HP inks or compatible refilled cartridges?
If I order today, what is the expiration date on the 2 cartridges I will receive? Are they in the original retail box pictured? Thanks!
Were you able to wield the hammer? Did it ever fail?
I believe the name of the actual hammer is Mjolnir? looks good though
Is it bad for your car's transmission to have a heavy key chain?
Is it too heavy to use as a necklace? I was planning on getting it and making it a necklace for my sister but she won't like it if it's heavy
Do you think it's too heavy to put on a purse strap? and Iin your opinion, which one is better, this one or the one from Thor 2? I can't decide.
Is the Thor hammer key chain exactly as you show?I got one once and it had the movie handle.Not the wraped one you show.
I received this as a gift and it BROKE! No hardware store has the right size screw to reattach the stem. What can I do?
My fingers are weak from arthritis. Are the clips easy for weak fingers to use?
Would the red or green clips be better for someone with arthritis?
If I buy two of these, will you combine shipping?
Are these clips strong enough to hold the glued corners of a chipboard box together? Assume cereal box, wet glue, so some slight tension.
How do you open the box?
Are these counterfeit?
Are the different colors sized differently? Or is it more like pins, you can just get the color you want?
What aboutmy potato chip bag while we're at it? :)
Can they hold two pieces of thin fabric together? In the picture, they're holding thick layers.
I need small clips to shorten the chain or satin cord on necklace displays. Would this work w/o damaging the necklace?
Can you record your own caller id? For example, a ringtone that says "Mom is calling"?
does this phone say the name or just the phone number
How loud is the audible caller ID? Approximately how far from the phone can you hear it?
does this phone tell you audibly what number you have pushed when dialing?
Does this phone have a jack for headphones?
do the handsets have speed dialing ?
Can you extend the amount of rings before the answering machine engages?
Can you turn off the talking caller ID?
Dose this phone have call waiting
Can the base be mounted on a wall?
Is it compatible with HP Officejet 4500
Are these the high-yield cartridges?
will this cartridge work for Office jet 4500 G510 Model?
What is different between blue paskage vs green package black &amp; white cartrige package 901
is this product an authentic HP product??
How many pages can I print with this cartridge?
Hi. Please let me know what the expiration date is on this. Thank you. Lisa
does it work for photosmart C4780 ?
Does it work with an HP Deskjet F4280 ?
Will this ink pack work for a HP Photosmart D110a?
Does it work with an HP Deskjet F4480?
how many pages does one cartridge print?
will they work in a photosmart C4640?
does it work for fax HP 4635?
black ink for Photosmart C4680
black ink for Photosmart C4680
Will this work with an HP C4795 printer?
Will this work with HP Desk jet All in one wireless 2540 printer?
compatible with hp 3050 j610?
how many pages?
Why is a single HP 61 $13.59 and a twin pack $34.xx? Would think that is better to buy 2 singles.
how many pages does a cartridge print?
What is the shelf life for the cartridges.
"compatible with hp deskjet 2050?
compatible with hp envy 4500?
will these work for the deskjet 1512?
IS THIS COMPATIBLE WITH HP ENVY 4500?
does this printer have the mifare encoding hardware installed
How many cards per minute?
Can you merge info from excel to print the badges? We are making name tags w/ schedules on the back. Trying to figure out the best printer for this.
software includes any? that is including the printer
Are Zebra Series printers compatibile with Windows 8.1?
Are Zebra Series printers compatibile with Windows 8.1?
it can print magnetic stripe?
You sell 2 different types of this dual-side card printer... what`s the difference between them?
Does this print all the way to the edge of the cards?
my question is if it includes ink machine and few meat includes meat
why don't you ship to Romania ? do you think we have leprosy or something ?
I like a chair can sink into, will this chair let me?
Does this chair give the ability to "lean back"?
Are the arms adjustable? Can you move them up and down?
What is the actual height from floor to top of the arm rests? I cannot find a chair to fit inside my desk
Does this chair offer decent back support? Most chairs at this price don't provide any options for decent posture.
does chair lock in upright position?
Its says the width of this chair is 20 inches but does that include the 2 arms?
What is the purpose for the large knob under the seat just in front of the gas lift???
how easy is it to put together??
does anyone know if it comes in a box and I have to ensable it?
What is the total width including everything? I have a small desk.
how high can the chair be adjusted?
what is the legs made out of metal or plastic?
How far does the chair tilt back if you loosen the back?
How many hours of sitting is this good for?
How much weight will it hold?
How do you wash it/keep it clean?
Is this chair good for Kindergartener to use? I am hoping to get a chair that can grow with him for the next several years.
Are the months marked or fill in?
Does each month ask prompted questions or just leave a section for you to summarize the month?
Is each month page a different back ground color? Is everything in this calendar green since it's neutral?
Does this come with the warranty and does the power supply adapter that comes with it work with the Ultraship U2 scale?
USB cable included too?
is this is the 75 lb model?
Does this include the letter and mailing tube attachment accessories?
does it print 12x12" borderless print on cardstock
can you put 140 watercolor paper in this printer?
What is the biggest size of paper this printer can print on?
Trying to compare ink costs between the R2000 and R 3000. The R3000 takes 25.9ml cartridges. What is the capacity of the R2000 cartridges?
May I ask why the printer doesn't work? My son is a printer tech. Is it fixable? I'm looking to buy one of these but am on a tight budget.
Does this printer work well with Mac?
How long does this printer take to print a simple business letter or a web page. I do not want ink to dry out if I go a week between art prints.Thanks
Does it work with photoshop elements 12?
How much ink is used?
Does this printer produce archival quality images acceptable for museums?
Is the caller ID voice understandable
Hi, can I just pick up the handle and talk? Or need to press a button first?
can I just buy the mother phone with out the answering machine??
can this series handle 5 phones total ,i know it comes with 3,i want to add 2 more,will it work
Can you please tell me how much the base measures? (I'd like to put this on a Monitor Riser)
Does this come with the screws?
This unit is $200 more than the comparable one from Ergo tech. is it worth the difference?
What kind of arc does this stand have for the arms?
could I toss the stand and mount it on the wall? kind of like a flat screen?
Anyone have three 27" monitors using this stand, and does it work?
What are the dimensions of the base? My desk is only 22.5" deep.
can you fit 3 27" monitors in a vertical orientation rather than normal (horizontal)?
I have a LG 27 inch I want to use in center and 2 LG 23" I want to use on sides turned sidways. Possible?
where can I find the dimensional specs? I have tried other stand that claim to hold up to 24 inch monitor and they sag for the lateral monitors
Do you think it would be possible to place this shredder on a larger basket? The basket seems very small to me.
how can you tell when the basket is full without taking the top off?
Is this a desktop, does it sit on a table or desk.
Would this shred crimped paper to make gift basket filler? How wide/thick/thin are the shreds?
Does it need oil? It recommends I buy oil with it, sounds messy.
how fast is the speed of a cut?
on the 3rd day after receiving the shredder, my shredder wouldn't shred anymore paper. Who can I contact about this issue?
does this product come with the waste basket
How long can you run machine continuously?
will it shred newspaper?
what is the average length of each key? I want to hang them on some wood and need to know if they will fit.
I would like to know the exact weight of these keys
are the keys 4 different designs?
can they come off the ring?
how heavy are they
Is this a standard sized mouse or a "travel" version? It seems standard sized, I currently own a smaller one and need a bigger one for graphic design
Does this work on regular computers as well?
The USB receiver went missing, I haven't even had this mouse for 3 weeks. Is there any way I can get JUST the usb adapter, or do i have to buy a mouse
how do you set up your mouse?
does this mouse work for all laptops?
whats the usb for
Can you tell me how tall this is (including the handle)? And what diameter the cups are? Thanks!
How tall are the cups? I need something for my professional markers.They are bigger around than Sharpies. Max crayons/markers they hold?
What material are the cups made of? Are they water safe?
How much of a "lip" does it require to mount it on a desk? I.e., what is the diameter of the clamp portion of the platform? Thanks.
Does it swivel?
This looks like it is used on the left of the keybroard. Does it fit &amp; work on the right side?
Is it easy to remove and attach it only when needed? I would need to do this with the desk I have.
How much weight can these hold and about how much space do you have for the mouse? (im considering using these to hold up a light joystick
How thin a surface can this be clamped to? My keyboard pullout is a drawer about 1/2 inch thick.
can you lock it in place or is it always swiveling?
is there enough room to add a wrist pad and have significant mouse movement?
Can I attach this to my chair instead of my desk?
do you ship to UK please?
says no toner on mfc-7360n?i did ,open door press clear dont answer question and pressed atserik and 2 zeros ?says exceppted and goes to print,nothin
how many pages approx could i print with it?
Does this toner work with a Brother MFC 7840W?
the cartridge goes in crooked when seating?its obviosly smaller and i dont want to jam it in there suggestions would be nice?
Does this compatible with Brother MFC-7360N?
This product does not appear to reset the toner counter in the printer,Has anyone solved this issue
Does the 2270 print in color?
Does it work with Lenovo Tablet or Samsung ATIV tablet computer?
Do you have to hold a button down to keep it lit or will it stay lit?
hello, my pen did not come with instructions or a stylus. did i get the correct pen? please let me know. thank you.
Is the pen tip retractable?And how?
Where do you find refills for the pen? The ink has already dried up and I haven't even had it for a week.
Can you draw on the presentation/can it act like a live pen?
Did anyone have trouble with the mouse function not working correctly? I touch the red sensor and move my finger around, but nothing happens.
Can I use this laser pointer also for flash applications? I need it for a game (Bundesratspiel). Any help is much appreciated!
Does the seat itself have a Tilt locking mechanism? Something I can lock in to keep me from tilting?
Is this the rocker type and does it lean back well? Also what kind of warranty? Thanks!
How wide is the seat base. So many chairs calling themselves a big man's chair are way too narrow. For a big man to sit comfortably, he needs 24/25 "
what's the seat height max
I would like to hear from someone who has used this chair daily for at least a year and is over 300 lbs. Still like the chair? Problems?
ok can this really support 350lbs i am 6-3' big &amp; Tall and want to now from someone that weighs over 300lbs before i buy?
Is this chair only for taller people? I am vertically challenged and was wondering if this chair would be to high for someone that is 5'3".
Are the arms necessary for the chair's structure, or can they be removed/left off?
How does the Caressoftpus fabric wear? Is it durable? Stain resistant?
Does the chair come fully assembled or will I have to assemble it? If the latter, how difficult is it to assemble? Thanks.
Are the pockets crooked? Customers who purchased the pockets only said that the pockets were crooked.
Are the cards and pockets identical to the 500 pack? I need 600 and want them to match. Thank you.
I am trying to order but I am Tax Exempt and was charged tax. I am in NC. Will the final bill refect that I am tax exempt?
Is it possible to request a different style of card (one that includes the phone number)?
Would you consider posting to New Zealand. They are not available here at all.
Are the cards double sided? Are the lines printed on the back?
What is the count for $17.84?
How many do you get in a package?
Does this phone hava a data port
does the phone allow for voip?
Does this phone system have the capability of blocking certain numbers or area codes?
Does this phone connect to a bluetooth headset?
Can this phone mount to the wall?
You state the LIST PRICE is $40, w/you selling it at a 92% discount, so this must be for 1 CASE of pouches, correct? How many pouches will I receive?
is this for one pencil pouch?
Do you have purple color?
how many does this product come with?
Is it 3 handsets plus the one on the base- making it 4 in total? And, can you see missed calls on the display?
Does the handset have a mute button?
Does this system have a mute button on the wireless headset? (not the actual phones)
Is there a mute button on the headset?
If you are talking using the headset, does an incoming call register on the handset?
This phone system uses the 2.4 or 5.8 GHz band?
what is the range on the phones? how far can the handsets be from the base? im hoping for at least 200 feet.
what is the range on the phones? how far can the handsets be from the base? im hoping for at least 200 feet.
can you change the ringtones
Does it include batteries?
Has anyone used these cartidges in an HP OfficeJet 2540 All-in-One? It's the right cartidge no. (i.e., 61), but my model is not even on their drop-dow
this cartridges pop out when I ask for HP1000 122 printer cartrige, do they really work all right in this hp printer model?
does this fit hp deckjet3000 j310 series?
Does this printer cartridge work with the HP Deskjet 1000 printer?
When I use the "Will This Work with Your Printer" it says the HP Envy 4500 will not work. But it is on the compatible list. Will it or not?
Does this allow you to control each IR output independently from the others? I'd like to put two TWC DVRs in the same room.
Whats range for the IR blaster? I see most with this device near all the home theatre devices, but figured w/o cabinets and wifi I'd blast from couch?
Would this work for controlling my home air conditioning by iphone that is not connected to the wifi router (I'd like to control it from work...)?
Can you connect remotely from outside the local network?
Are you able to control the device from both iOS and Android phones/tablets? What kind of software/firmware configuration is needed to setup?
Does the AC adaptor have an Australian 240V socket adaptor to allow it to plug into an Australian power point?
What comes in the box? Does it include blaster and emitter cables?
Will this device work in Dubai, i.e. support 220/230 voltage?
can you ship 1 WF2IR to Brazil?
I need to control a cablebox in my elderly Aunts home. I have remote ip cams, ddns with a netgear ac7000. Will this work for me from my house to hers.
How long does it take to scan a slide?
how many slide trays come with it?
can this scanner use kodak trays so that you do not have to remove and relpace the slides
Can this scanner be uses with 240v power?
Is the cyber view x software installed in the powerview 5000? What is RX580 that is referred to in some answers?
i surmise you scan directly to your computer--how much RAM do you need?
Is it possible to convert 35mm slide directly to a SD card?
How does one delete a scan in Vuescan? Specifically from the "Preview/Scan window area?
Can it scan 35mm negatives (either in strips or individuals) and if it can, is speed comparable to scanning slides?
does the scanner need to be plugged into a computer all the while you are scanning
Which is better, the soft or hard surface. The soft surface looks more comfortable, but does it cool as well?
I don't understand this, "Powered by a USB cable with pass through so you don't lose a USB port". How does a USB cable not use a port?
What size lap top? I have a 15" will this work?
how do i turn this on ? there's no USB cable shown in the pictures. what does USB cable with pass through mean ?
The 80mm fan seems to be a bit small. Does it really generate adequate enough air for cooling?
Is there room to use a mouse?
Do you feel vibrations from the fan when using this pad on your lap?
how many inches of life can you get in the back?
Does it give your laptop an incline at all? If so, how much? I need mine raised just a little bit. Thanks!
I have a 17 inch and my fan stops working from time to time.....Will this keep it cool enough so it doesn't shut itself down??
Does it include the chip? Is it a required to replace the chip?
Can you tell me the reason why my printer give me the error message " toner cartridge not compatable"?
Question about your included instructions... While performing step #5, my vacuum exploded. Is this normal?
do you know how to put ink in cartridge
How many pages can I print with one refil?
I cant see how many things are included with the kit ? or Are there three screws comes with it?
How do I replace the chip for Samsung ML-2525?
work hp photosmart c4780 and comes in box cartrige
hello, would these work with Deskjet ink advantage 2545? Thank you
Will this work with HP DESKJET F4480?
Will these work with the HP Photosmart C4700? I need CC641W and CC644W. These state CC641WN and CC644WN
Will these work in my HP Deskjet 1050 all-in-one printer?
Are these first or second generation, First generation won't work in newer printers
My printer cannot recognize the black ink which seems to be defective. Color one is fine. Could you please send me new black ink? Thank you.
Hi, those are rechargeable?
Hello. I would like to know if are they compatible with hp f4583? Thank you..
how to replace battery in Canon LS-110TS
What is the kind/Model calculator which shows previously done calculation. eg. if I do the following calculation: 3+5+8-9+2-4=5, then I should be able
Does this LS82Z Canon Calculator have an off switch
If you add 6+7+13+8 and want to clear the 8 and enter a different number, does it have a 'back up one step' command or do you have to clear it to Zero
How do you change the battery in the Canon LS-82Z?
how do you switch from % to +/- function since they are both the same key?
What are the actual dimensions of this calculator?
What battery does this use?
Does the number in memory stay there after the calculator turns itself off?
Are the buttons rubbery or more plastic-y? Are they very easy to push or do they need some pressure?
Does this pen work with standard international converters?
Does this pen come with an ink cartridge or other source of ink?
what size cartridges does it use?
is it the metal or plastic
I need to count and wrap quarters only does this machine wrap and count only quarters with more then 1 quarter wrapping
on the cassida c200 can you use the coin-tainer preformed coin wrappers
From reading one of the reviews it appears the unit power cord is a bit short. Will the machine perform per factory spec's using an extension cord?
what is the best coin wrppers to use with the cassida 200 coin counter wrapper
does this machine sort canadain coins
Does this machine require a specific type or brand of coin wrapper? Can you use the flat type or only the preformed type?
Does this or any other cheaper coin sorter, sort 50 cent pieces?
1 coin washer/dryer set. Bank wants .25's wrapped - No need sorting. Sometimes have 2000 coins (let them pile) up. Will this work?
Do you have in a Canadian version? If so how much for Canadian version?
Hi, Does this machine crimp the ends of the coin rolls?
Which chalk should i purchase with this board, need to use it for demo next week? Thanks
Is it possible to remove this from the frame and use it without the frame? How big is the chalkboard without the frame? Thank you.
Can you use liquid chalk on the board?
How prominent is the ledge for holding chalk? We are looking to use this as a picture frame eventually.
If you hang vertically, is there a chalk ledge on one of the short sides?
If you hang vertically, is there a chalk ledge on one of the short sides?
If you hang vertically, is there a chalk ledge on one of the short sides?
If you hang vertically, is there a chalk ledge on one of the short sides?
Can you use color chalk on this board? I'm looking to add this to my restaurant for daily specials...
Can you use chalk pens with this board?
how tall is it?
The description says the top is soft white. So is it white or is it more of a cream color?
does this come assembled
I love the look of this stool however the reviews are a concern. Can you do something about the screws coming out?
The description says it's a cherry finish. Does it have a reddish tone to it? or is it more of a neutral brown?
Also, why aren't the measurements posted for this item? It is self assemble?
how wide is the vanity chair?
How tall is the seat from the floor ?
really..what is the exact height of this? range from 1.5 ft - 2.5 ft is a big variance....can't order until I know!
If not leather what is the fabric mad of?
Would the steel frame start bending if the weight limit were exceeded?
What is the actual seat height on this couch? Not the full height but just the height of the seating position?
what is the weight limit?
Is this real leather?
is this scale good to weigh out 1 or 2 or 3 or 4 or 5 or 7 or 28.3 grams of marijuana buds? is it accurate if not whats the best scale to get for this
How do I access the printers Memory? I would like to access the printers Memory to see whats on it. Anyone know how to do this?
does it work with windows 8?
Good evening, this printer makes copies and has scanner?
does it accept memory cards, like those from a camera?
is it wirelees
can this printer hook up to a XL? also does it take ink cartgrides of 61?
will it work on 64 bit?
What are the specifications for ordering replacement tags in a variety of lengths? thank you!
what are size of barbs? 2" or what?
Can you get 1" or 3/4 " barbs
can you use Mark II replacement needles? I noticed my replacement needles state Mark II on the package but the gun is labelled as Mark III/10312
can you get 1" barbs with this if you need 1" instead of 2" ?
Can this gun use both regular and fine needles?
Does this stay in place when it swivels? I want to watch my TV from different angles, not just occasional swivel for quick access to the back of TV
58" TV: Will this work with a 58" plasma flat screen TV?
Will this still spin with very light items on them? I read reviews on other products,they say you must have heavy objects on them or they won't spin.
would this be safe for a heavy plant on a 39 inch stand? I am worried it will topple.
will this scratch or indent the formica cabinet surface it is placed on?
I have a 32 inch flat screen tv. The tv stand is 14-16". Which size swival base do you recommend, the 10" or 12.8" swival base??
will it work in kitchen cabintet if place a 23" playwood circle to store dry goods?
We have a 51" Samsung TV that has four legs like a tripod. The legs are angled and not flat. Will this work with this 15" swivel. Legs extend out 14"
What is the vertical thickness of this turntable?
We have a 50" Rear Projection flat screen tv that we want to swivel. Will this work?
Does it hold gift cards
Is this really 2.2 pounds as description indicates?
Does the magnet de-magnify the credit cards?
What are correct measurements in inches?
What are correct measurements - description lists 2 different ones?
Would this hold credit cards?
Would this work fine with glossy cards?
How does this power up? Is it solar and battery?
Does this come with an instruction manual or is it online?
Does it have a back button to allow you to correct a number without starting the calculation over?
Does it have a kickstand on the back to angle the calculator?
Does the screen tilt?
What are the dimensions for this? Some buyers noted the description is wrong?
I would like to know the approximate size of this calculator. I have one I would like to duplicate in size and it is 5.5 inches x 7.5 inches. How big is this one?
Can this count Mexico coins?
I bought the machine and i brought it to brazil,. but its not working with the brasiliano coins, Is there any way or some where that i can fix it?
Can this counter do Brazilian coins
looking for ink for my printer it's a HP deskjet 2050 it uses 61XL what's a good ink to buy on here
can this printer print wireless with out USB
when the color ink cartridge runs out will it work just w/the black ink ?
Will this work on an apple mac?
does it has the feature to place a big document and scann all of the pages it self???
220V? I'm in Afghanistan on a US military base. I'll need a 220V device. Very interested in this product to help my Afghanie soldiers.
I bought this because old 2050 broke and had some almost new 61 cartridges I wanted to use in it. However, this one requires 122 cartridges. Why?
cartridge number?
Good evening, please tell me what number this printer cartridge?
is this printer compatible for iPad?
What is the maximum height adjustment? What is the maximum arm extension?
Does this allow the monitor to go from Landscape to Portrait without unscrewing the monitor?
what is the diameter of the supporting pole?
What is the diameter of the pole that the arm is mounted on?
Im wondering if i should buy 3 separate mounts or buy one mount for 3 monitors? I have 3 24" AsusVS247H-P monitors i would like to get a mount for
Can it be mounted on the front edge of the desktop? Corner desk with built in monitor stand.
will this really hold up a 27 inch monitor @ 18 pounds?
Is the desk clamp adjustable? Will this accommodate my 3" thick desk?
does anyone know if this will work with a 27 inch samsung syncmaster?
I have a dell 2312hm 23inch monitor...I wonder if this one fit my monitor?
How tall is this? How tall is this product?
How deep is the C clamp?
How many inches forward from the mounting pole could this arm hold two 24" monitors? I've got a deep desk and don't want the monitors to bee too far away.
how long is the each section of the arms? (from the post to "elbow", from "elbow" to VESA bracket)
I have two Dell E Series E2414H 24-Inch Screen LED Monitors and I was wondering if this would work with these two.
Can you use this arm for 2 monitors - one back against the other's back? I'm planning to use it for 2 persons sitting across each other.
Does this come with the actual screws for the back of the monitor to screw into the plates?
How deep is the clamp? The edge of my desk is beveled and the first 1" or so of the edge is not suitable for clamping.
Rotation from landscape to portrait: Once the monitors and stand are installed, can you rotate one or both of the monitors from landscape to portrait, and vise-versa?
I have a glass desk. Will this mount support the weight of two monitors without damaging the clamped area?
RFID protection for C.C.?
How many credit cards does it hold?
it says black then dark brown in another spot what color is it
how many credit cards does it hold?
Does this product hold credit cards well? Not business cards, i'm looking for something to protect my cards from bending and breaking. Thank you.
Confused by name, is this just the drum unit that is compatible with Brother MFC Model 7860?
Is this Drum unit compatible to TN-450 MFC brother printer?
It is supposed to work for a 7864DW but a pop up ad says it will not... will this unit work with the MFC7864DW or not?
I have a questsion that this One come with the toner?
HOW MANY PAGES WILL THIS ONE DO?
IS THE TONER COMES WITH IT?
I am new to fountain pens. Is the pen suppose to come with ink? I just received my pen. Or do I have to buy ink cartridges?
can this type of ink be used? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00H...
Can you use an ink cartridge versus the ink cartridge converter? For example, can it be filled both ways.
I can't get it to work with the cartridges. There are two plastic pieces in the barrel. Which one stays in with the cartridge? I wish there were a dio
do Lamy converters fit this pen?
what is the push converter? can normal ink cartliges be used?
I have my own ink but I dont know how to use it with this pen. Please tell me how to fill it with ink? Step-by-step please; other FAQs don't help.
Hi. Anyone can tell me if I can use the pen with this other produc: 25 PCS Jinhao International Size Pen Ink Cartridge to Fit Fountain Pens, Black, 5?
Hi I bought this pen and cartridge, no idea how to install it, http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00L...
I am clueless. There is no nib or means to write. Where do I begin? I learned to write with a fountain pen - but I've been too long with ballpoints
does it come with leather case
What are the dimensions of this unit and what size batteries does it use?
Can the screen be read without the back light on ?
how big is the screen?
The back light won't come on
I want to give this to my 12 year old granddaughter; will this be a good choice? Thank you
do i get a free shipment.
What is the size?
does it come with carry case?
does this bible talk
our chair no longer "locks" with the seat height adjustment, is there a warranty?
The chair leans forward a little. is this how it is supposed to be?
what is the exact seat mesure, between the arms, and from front to backrest
What is the weight capacity per specifications?
How low and high can the seat be adjusted in relationship to the floor?
Is the back tall enough for you to rest your head against? Or will your head hang off if you tilt back?
I am having problems making it tilt back can you help me?
Will this fit a HP Premium Photosmart All in One and Fax C309a printer?
will this fit my 7520 HP cb326b printhead
Will this fit a photosmart prem c410a?
Will this printhead work for my HP Photosmart 7515 model c311a ?
Will this fit hp Photosmart all in one 7525
will this print head work for a hp photosmart plus b210e?
Does this printhead fit the HP 7000 e809a Wide Format?
Just want to confirm that this will replace the print head for the HP PhotoSmart eStation C510A
Will it work in HP Photosmart Prem C310 series?
will this work on photosmart c310 printer?
What's the difference between red and crimson red? They look the same in the picture.
Is this real leather or bonded leather?
what is the height from floor to the seat of this stool?
How big is the package and how much assembly is required? Are any tools needed?
Will this stool fit the Winsome Drop-Leaf Table?
what color are the legs ?
can these seats be recovered if necessary?
cn you buy this stool singulary don,t need 2
What is the actual dimension of the seat?
Are the dimensions really 17.5 x 14.5 for the 24" tall one? In the picture, the distance between the legs looks narrower.
Are they 24" tall or 29"?
does the stool provide a weight limit?
dimensions
will it hold laptop &amp; mouse?
Is this product made from real wood, or is it a veneer?
What color is the padding underneath?
Do the cushions cover the entire width (side to side) of the bottom. If not, How wide are they?
What color is the padding underneath?
what is the size of this lapdesk?
What are the dimensions ??
battery is rechargable and sd card is inclued in the package?
Will this work with an Android S3 Phone?
is this compatible with a mac cumputer
I don't want to use a wireless keyboard. I want to be able to type on it at a decent angle (2-3" will be fine). Will it be too wobbly to type on?
Does it work with a Macbook Air? I need a portable riser than can be carried in a bag along with other stuff on a daily basis.
i have a 18inch laptop, would this be able to accommodate the size?
will this stand work with a Compaq?
Does that cervical spondylosis contraption come with it?
How high can this stand lift the back of your laptop? 5-6 inches off the table?
I'm looking for something to hold my 13" Macbook at a pretty steep angle (I'll be using an external keyboard for typing). Would this be a good fit?
Would this product hold a macbook pro and can it be utilized while typing?
I wanted to use this stand to make typing easier with a raised keyboard. Would that work or I will have to get another keyboard along with this?
How accurate? Does it measure to .1 oz.? Does it measure in grams?
Will this scale work with Dymo Stamps software? I want to use the Int. shipping method and it must be able to read the scale from the software.
Related to another question. I see it goes to hundredths places. But I assume that is for OZ. What is it for Grams? I need &lt;=1 gram increments. TY
will it weigh 0.5 oz.? I need something that will weigh items between .5 oz. and 1 oz. Thank you
Is 3lbs the max weight?
What is minimum it can weight? Minimum increments? Why not add clearly to description? I'm buying a different one as I don't see that info clearly.
Does this have to be calibrated?
Can I plug it in or does it just use battaries
How difficult is updating
Does it require calibration prior to use? If so, how did you calibrate it?
Does it weigh tenths of a gram?
I pressed power on the scale and it appeared to come on, the screen said "sleep" and it does not stay on and now will not come back on.. Please help..
Does this work with 9volt battery or another size??
does this work with Windows 7?
does this lift up for bigger envelopes
It says this scale comes with software. Is this the Endicia software that you can sign up for the standard plan through Endicia for 9.95
Does this come with Batteries? Plug?
Has anyone had issues with this being off in weight by .10 of an ounce ? Solutions ?
What is the accuracy of this scale ? What is the maxmum resolution of the display and is it repeatable ? Thanks !
with this work with a label writer 450 turbo?
is the scale fast? can I have the weigh of a liquid WHILE I poor it in a glass on this scale? I need the result almost instantly.
Will it work with Stamps.com?
Is this a good scale to use in the kitchen?
Will this scale work with Win 7 and load a driver for it?
do i need to buy other accessories to go along with this scale to mail from home?
Accuracy?
I see one customer is using it with UPS but I'm wondering if it works with UPS Worldship software?
How long is the cord?
does it work with stamps.com?
Is there a way to click into an empty data field, weigh the item and the data field will automatically populate with the weight of the item?
Will this work woth stamps.com software?
can I import the data to access
Hi i want to know if this printer print cds ? and the size of the impression
this is the original printer + CISS ink system? or is a modified printer to use sublimation ink?
Do you work with ink to sublimate ?
Are there instructions to install the sublimation ink system?
How can i adapt this printer to take sublimation ink/the CISS ink system? When i have used refillable carts in the past, the printer didnt recognize.
Help images with black come out brown in sublamation. When run same art through ink jet printer all colors look good. Art is in corel and set up RGB
Hello, you need to sublimate ink for epson this?
Good afternoon a question this printer requires original cartridges for initial configuration of the device?
contains continuous ink system?
What size paper does this print?
Is the plastic material poly vinyl chloride, or something more archival like polyester?
Will the cards fit in a normal size wallet sleeve once in the protecttors ?
will these fit in a mens wallet
How much for 1000?
What kind of plastic is this made of?
Would Credit Card Protector Sleeve, Hold/ Fit a Medicare Card or Social Security Card in it ?
Is this 112V hard wired with battery backup. The description only mentions battery, one reviewer says it has no battery. Can someone clarify this.
Do the lights point down to the floor?
what are the measurements
what is warranty on this product?
are these exit lights remote capable
Are the lights adjustable?
Is this light available with a CSA approval for Canada
Where do I connect the battery wires? Is there a diagram I can look at to know how to install this?
Would these exit lights, weight 10 pound, be able to be mounted on a dropped ceiling (tile)? There are few complaints about the backup battery
What is the difference between this and TRDRUM20 model? They both fit onto the 55 gal emergency water barrel?
Dumb ? but is this something that will let you attach a hose to a rain barrel to water a small garden a few ft away?
does the pump tube bend? trying get fuel out of lawn tractor.
I have a kiddie pool that I want to drain straight into the sewer (40 ft away). Will this work with an extension tube, if so what kind?
Is this also "Food quality Drinking Water Safe Siphon Pump" as the RDRUM20 model?
So, will this auto-drain a 55 gallon drum once it gets primed? In other words, minimal labor? Thanks
can this pump be used for kerosene?
What are the major differences between the doxie go and doxie one scanners?
Does Doxie scan business cards?
Has anyone tried to OCR something like a WalMart receipt? This could be a handy tool for budgeting, but Wal-Mart receipts are not all that clear, IMO.
Can you scan two-sided documents in one pass, Or do you need to turn the paper over and feed it through again?
does it link to your computer
Does this Doxie Go include the worldwide power adapter? The doxie web site says it is inclluded with later doxie go models.
Is the capability of the Doxie Go able to scan both side on 1 sheet of paper?
Will all of my existing PDF documents (scanned with a different scanner) import into the Doxie software with all of the OCR features?
I seen a lot of comments about how it works with apple, Is this scanner PC/ Microsoft friendly?
How loud is it?
I need 5 chips, why you just sold 4 ps?
my black ink is low. Do i need the clips to change or refill?
Does the chip handle 100 gms or toner powder, or 50 gms of toner powder?
Are these chips also compatible with the samsung clx3175 FN ? Thanks
How do you go about removing the old chip?
Does the planner also have a monthly travel/expense record ?
What are the dimensions of the planner?
Does it have tabs for each month?
What material is the cover made out of? Is it sturdy so it won't fall apart?
Does it begin with January 2014 and end in December 2014?
Is this just one cover? There is no indication here as to how many you get...
will this fit a Standard size book
Do you sell book covers for Standard-size books (5"x 8" to 6" x 9")? If so, please post the Amazon.com product link.
Can you please post the Amazon product link for SMALLER (standard trade sized) covers? Example: for 5" x 8" and 6"x 9" paperbacks
If I buy multiple book sox in one shipment, could you lower the shipping price?
Will this cover fit a 9" x 12" PAPERBACK textbook?
What are the exact measurements inside the crate? I needed a fairly precise fit for something that is at least 18x11x11. Is 19x13x11 the measurements from the outside?
How heavy is this crate? I'd like to put it on the back of my bike.
Has anyone used this for a small dog on a cargo bicycle?
Can casters be added to bottom for ease of mobility?
Is the height 13 or 11 6?
Do you have the white one in stock?
Is it the right size if you intend to store vinyl records in it?
Can they stack on their sides?
does it collapse (flat)?
Will Vinyl Records fit this?
what size is it
Is the table sewing machine height for the sewing machine to fit on top when opened for sewing. It's demitions are confusing
Can I sit and sew on it
Does this come assmebled? or we have to assemble ourselves?
What is the max sewing machine dimensions that will fit in the hole? I'm getting a Brother SE400 that's 20.3 in long and 15x15.2 wide/tall.
What is this product constructed with? Engineered wood?
My sewing machine also is designed for Embroidery. Can you tell me how sturdy the table is? will it bounce at all during sewing?
What is the back of the cabinet made of? is it a solid piece? (wanting to use this to have more counter space in my kitchen)
I was wondering how easily the table moves?I'd like to keep it against the wall when not using but would like to move it across the room when sewing.
Is this a black-brown color or more brown? I am would like something like this in black if anyone knows where to find one.
Why are these not in factory sealed boxes having an expiration date?
Are the ones sold by either JEM LLC or 3Day Shipping Epson manufactured? Too many sellers, can't say which seller other Amazon users are referring to.
Are these FACTORY OEM cartridges? Your one negative comment states they are probably not.
are these new or refilled cartridges
Are the factory refills?
I would like to know the height from the top of seat cushion to the top of the back of the chair. Thanks.
Are the wooden legs removable for maneuvering into rooms?
i am looking for firm cushion. Is it firm?
what is the seat depth?
I have limited time at home-looking to receive the product on feb 24th or 25th. When should I place my order?
What is the seat height from the floor up to the cushion?
Is this a sleeper sofa? It appears under the sleeper section but I don't see it listed in the product description
is back tall enough can you rest your head? thanks
Are the seat cushions fully upholstered on each side so they can be flipped for even wear?
Nothing is mentioned about delivery. I live in an apartment and would like to order this sofa and loveseat. What type of delivery is to be expected?
what is it made of?
Are these mechanically operated or do they require some kind of battery?
Once you open it and retrieve the key, do you need to puch in the combination again in order to close it?
Re: KeyGuard SL-590:Has anyone had issues with this lockbox in cold weather. I'm in WI and am afraid that it will not work during the worst weather.
Is the combo order sensitive? i.e. 1234 is the combo but 2413 would also work?
just got my sl-590 key guards 1 door broken...can you send just the door ?
Is there a number of attempts before you get locked out?
what are the inside demensions
Can Imget this SL 590 in white?
The videi shows a door hanger, I assume that can be removed and the unit screwes to wall.
Does anyone know the voltage?? is it bivolt? 120/240?? i need to take overseas they use 220 voltage
Does this phone have a caller ID display?
does it have speed dial capability
Do you have to use the loud volume or can it be adjusted to a lower level?
does it have easy access to the phone book
does it come with the battery
What is the height of the receiver? TY.
how is this different from/ better than the other atg tape roles from scotch? thanks!
will this tape adhere to wood and can it be used as only a single side adhesive?
Is the maximum outside diameter of the 0.50 inch 3M 908 ATG Gold Tape roll equal to, greater than, or less than 3 inches?
I have 2 questions: 1: is this tape repositionable? 2: Can the tape be torn by hand?
is the special tape gun required? I am wanting to center mount matte photo paper to black mounting board
is this tape 2 sided adhesive?
Is there a headset jack on the base?
I don't understand the bluetooth option. I am in an area with no cell service, so I'd like to be able to accept landline calls with my bluetooth, instead of the corded handset, the cordless handset, or a corded headset. Will it work like this???
does it come with a wall bracket?
The description indicates that there are 24 labels but I read the answers to the first question that there are only 16 in a pack. Which is which?
How many labels are in the package?
The description indicates that there are 24 labels but I read the answers to the first question that there are only 16 in a pack. Which is which?
After how many washes this product last? school t shirt, shirt, pant . How this product is reusable. Anyone changed the place of it(lunchbag,backpack) and it was still working on it?
1 bottle refill 1 toner?
can I use it for TN360 cartridge?
Dear Seller, does this toner fits HL-2280DW? Could I add your product to the starter cartridge? This printer officially use TN450 cartridge.? Thanks
I don't see the DW-2280 listed here as a compatible machine. Surely it is, correct?
Will this produce work with a Brother TN 750 toner?
The description says 90g of toner and the picture shows two bottles. Is it a total of 90g for both botles or is it actually 2-90g bottles?
Does this work with Canon MF4770n series?
Does this come with replacement caps for the cartridge?
Does this toner expire after a year or two?
I use both Canon 104 and Brother TN450 in my office, will these work on Canon 104 as well?
Can this foam be shaped - can I put rounded edges on it with files or sandpaper. Can I saw it with a scroll saw without having a million tiny pieces
What is R-vale?
Are these boards paintable? And are they tough enough to be used on a 8ft x 10ft wall as acoustic panel to reduce noise in adjacent room? I'm assuming they only come in the color white?
Reupholstering dinner chairs: Is this product ideally used to recushioning chairs?
Could I set these on my basement floor with a piece of carpet on them to avoid slight water leaks that drain through?
Can you cut these to size and with what
Can you use it outside to prevent water seepage when it rains? I have a dog house outside. But, when it rains, water seeps in, to put over it outside
Can you use it outside to prevent water seepage when it rains? I have a dog house outside. But, when it rains, water seeps in, to put over it outside
Would one of these be good to put under an aquarium for insulation?
Would this product insulate a door? Was thinking of putting it between a screen door and inside/outside door that doesn't get opened in the winter.
can the pockets be separated to use some elsewhere?
I have a metal wall and was wondering if this has magnets to mount?
says come with hardware... can it be mounted over office dividers or is it wall hardware
Has anyone tried storing cardstock in sheets of 12x12....Would it fit? It says 12.2 inches..just wondering if they would fit, or if it would be tight.
Is there a back to this product, or is it open to the wall when mounted?
Is it compatible with may mf4770n all in one?
a lot people give bad reviews, can I trust the items?
Is it compatible for cannon mf4800?
Does this one compatible with Canon MF4880dw printer?
Does this work with the MF4770n for sure? 100% Does anyone use it with that model? Please let me know.
this toner is compatible with Canon l-190?
Why does this say multi pack? Does the item contain more than one ink cartridge?
The description says Multi-Pack, however the image is showing a single cartridge. I don't see anything in the description that says Multi-Pack.
is two cartridges included?
Will it work with Microsoft Publisher?
Can you print anything on the stub portion of the ticket?
Can I get them with blank with no numbers?
Can I get them starting with 0001
are they perforatred or doo they have to be cut?
Are these perforated?
how thick is the paper&hellip;will markers or ink go through to the back side?
Is the journal refillable? I would hope so.
Can you ship to south korea?
Can the seller ship one without the logo? I'd rather have a plain journal.
is the paper lined?
Can I buy refillable paper?
Has anyone had any problems using a fountain pen with this?
What is the best type of pen for handmade paper? Looking for a pen to compliment this journal.
Is the cap of the pen a screw-on type?
Do you get the ornate wooden box that is displayed in the photos with this pen?
In the title, it is stated that this has ruby eyes. Does this mean real ruby, or fake plastic gemstones?
does this pen have interchangeable nibs that is can you put different nib on it
Are the gemstones attached securely to the pen?
What kind of ink/cartridges does this pen require?
Does the pen have pen pin to put in a shirt pocket ?
Will these cartridges work on Epson Stylus CX8400
will these work on a Epson 610.
does this ink cartridge work with an Epson Workforce 500?
is it compatible with workforce610
Will these cartridges fit an WF-2540 which takes a 200
Will this product work for my Epson NX300?
Espson NX400: I already bought a black cartridge but was told I had to replace them all?
Is it dry erase friendly
Is this paintable? Want to use chalkboard paint on it.
We have some large air return vents to cover. Will this product work for that purpose?
Looking for white magnet to cover my husbands company name on his work car. will only be used while parked, would this item work?
Is the magnet strong enough to hold beer bottle caps?
HP says printer 650C will only work with "HP Special inkjet paper" and everything else won't work. But I noticed people using this. Will it work?
Will this fit on a HP design jet t120
Does this have a 2" or 3" core
How do I connect it to my phone?
I have several land phone in the house. which are being used .Will this cause my other phones not to ring when its plugged in?
how do i install it with my cordless phone ?
the specs state this device has a red flashing light----but no one has mention it. does it really have a flashing indicator and is it bright?
Can you just plug this into a jack with no telephone and hear the ringer? We need something for our back room to alert us when the phone is ringing.
Will this device amplify not only the ring but the caller's voice as well so the hearing impaired person can carry on a conversation with ease?
Can you just maKE IT CREATE SOUND OF RINGING PHONE?
will this device work with a wireless home phone system like the ones att offers.
will this toner work correctly in Canon Image class MF 4270
Does 1 cartridge need only 1 bottle?
SOL corp (non EOM) 4 pack refill kit how many grams per bottle, 100grams per bottle or 100grams for 4 bottles
I received an "H-Toner Type I" in purple bottles nothing else mentioned on the label. Is this the right toner I need for MF4370?
Will this refill compatible to imageclass MF4370dn?
will this refill compatible to imageclass D420?
does it have a manuel to program
does the unit retain messages after the power is turned off?
How far away can you be to type messages?
I need the instruction manuel for this. Only one line of 8 is uploading. Where can I get one?
I have a Taxi Business, can I power this from the cigarette lighter? Is there an adapter for that?
please if anyone knows PASSWORD asking this LED display for use in remote control, send him to me, l got the 000, but it is not that.
as l can program the remote control screen as brought no manual and the screen asks for a code to use the control ?
Is that one a scrolling LED programming? If not can you change for me please. I needed the scrolling one.
Is there a place online where I can download programming software? The cd that mine came with isn't working. Thanks
Anyone know what I need to get this to work on TCP/IP? I also can't seem to get it to work with my Serial&lt;-&gt;USB Adapter.
Is the cork board able to be mounted in both portrait and landscape positions? Or is the board only able to be mounted in one of those styles?
How thick is the cork? Do things stick in and stay in place easily?
Does mounting this board up require the use of a drill, or can I just hammer nails in a wall and be fine?
What is the frame made out of?
Would I be able to open up the frame and remove the cork?
Do the mounting hardware do damage to the wall? I have damage-free 3M hooks. Is it possible to hang it on the hook with a string? Thanks.
Is this product stiff/have a backing on the cork or is it just raw cork?
could you wrap a fabric around this cork board?
Can I cut to so it can fits my wall size?
How is this mounted?
Is the cork thick enough that pushpins don't pierce through to the wall? Thanks!
I have an RX620 Stylus - Photo .... any one use these on that printer? or similar?
Will these cartridges work for the R-200 Stylus?
Does this work for a XP-400 series Epson?
I just purchased an Epson Workforce 2540 printer and wondered if these are compatible? Thanks for any advice.
Why did cartriges not work with RX500 printer?
WHAT IS THISNPRINTER MODLE
What do I do about faulty cartridges? Most work fine, but some don't when I put them in.
Do they work for R320?
i am looking for cartridges that work for an epson R340, anyone??
My printer Epson rx620 is not listed. Will these cartridges work??
What type of cushion material?
What is the weight capacity of the stool.
what is the seat height?makes a big dffere&Atilde;&plusmn;ce to those of us with bad knees
what is the seat height?makes a big dffere&Atilde;&plusmn;ce to those of us with bad knees
What is the weight limit?
is assembly required
Can you purchase it already assembled?
What is the seat height??
is assembly required?
Does it begin with Mon and does the lower right include Sat and Sun next to one another?
Are there pages for notes in the back and tabs for each month? Is there a calendar that shows the full year and next year?
This book is for 2014?
is this a 2014 calendar? it doesnt say.
Is this the 2014 version?
Is this book for 2014?
Is there an address book in this book?
Can anyone point me to source online for a version of this product in RUSSIAN language? Anything similar, need not be exact. Thanks much!
Is there a cap on the eraser or does it retract into the eraser holder like the Faber-Castell TK Fine Vario pencil? Picture of the eraser?
where made please? Many thanks!
How is the knurling "grippiness"? Is the rapid pro pencil like the rapid pro pen, or more like the rOtring 600 pencil?
How different is the Rotring Rapid Pro vs. the Rotring 800?
Which replacement eraser works with the Rotring rapid pro?
Is the tip retractable?
Which pencil lead is the finest line the .05 or the .07?
If I leave these on the shell for three months, will they still be any good? Thanks!
If I leave these on the shell for three months, will they still be any good? Thanks!
Are these cartridges remanufactured or OEM??
So no instructions with the cartridges. I can see taking the tape off, but what about the rubber stopper? mine came out with the tape.
if a color ink runs out, can you still print black only?
Used with Android (e.g., Google Nexus 7 running 4.4.3), does the on-screen keyboard still show?
1- Does this work with an Android phone? 2- Do I need to install Serial Magic or similar software for this work with my Samsung S3? Thanks
What barcode printer can I use with this scanner?
Has anyone got this to connect and scan directly to excel sheets? I have it connected, all I see are the batch scanned codes stored on the device, I scanned the HID bar code in the manual to act like a keyboard, but it wont scan directly to word,...
I am living in Venezuela where I have my Hp desk jet 3050, The cartridge number for the black and multi colored is 122. Can I used 122 XL?
Is this compatible with HP Deskjet 2050 J510 series? thanks
Is this compatible with hp deskjet 2050 j510? thanks
Hi , I have an HP 3050 J610 series multifunction printer cartridge uses number 122 , there will be someone who used the 122XL in her and work properly
my HP is HP 1000, this works for that type of printer? how many is number pages printed? What is the difference between cartridges $ 15 with these?
Is this compatible with office jet 4630?
my hp deskjet 1000 takes hp ink 122, will the hp 122xl work?
Q: can it be used for desk jet 3510?
can it be used for desk jet 3050?
Does this printer open the cash drawer also?
Is this compatible with Quickbooks Point of Sale 2013?
Will this replace an existing CT-s310A running on intuit POS software? Do I need to load any drivers?
Will this printer print from a Mac computer?
Will this printer work with DOS program?
Does this printer come with partition for 58 mm width roll paper?
Can this be set up as a network receipt printer? I have 4 computers and each have a magtek usb swiper, so I would like to just buy 1 Thermal Printer.
Does this printer include the power cable and any serial/usb cables?
Does it work with 64-bit?
Can the 1880c p-touch also print labels vertically?
what is the warranty on this unit?
How many fonts?
Do the labels print out with excessive blank tape before and after the printed letters? My current one does, such a waste and expense.
Is there any way to print the label in Chinese (foreign language option)?
The screen is so faint, off and on can't be read. Any suggestions?
What kind of labels does this machine take? I am looking for clear lables with black type.
Will this label machine print bold labels?
do you ever have to add toner or ink?
what is the difference between the 1880 w and the 1880 c label maker
I'm having trouble erasing messages on the board. I have to SCRUB! Am I doing something wrong?
If you buy a rechargable battery, do you still need to plug in the board?
can this board be set to non-flashing status? I prefer steady lights
Can this be used outdoors? Will it have the same effect?
Does it come with a chain for hanging?
What is the warranty on the LED Menu Board? Where is it made?
What is the difference between this item and the "FlashingBoards&reg; Light-up Blackboard Led Menu Sign Radiating Tablet Led Write on Board" ?
Other smaller sizes come with a remote. Does this size come with one?
Can this board be hung on the wall?
Are the dry erase markers same as the ones used for white board?
What is the real weight of this product? (Whole package when shipping) I've some shipping problem :(
How many pencils can it fit?
Has anyone tried storing Tombow dual-brush marker/pens in it? Do they fit?
Would the loops fit Pigma Micron pens?
Can we see a picture of it opened?
What is the size when it is full? Want to see how much luggage space it will take up
Would this work for storing crochet hooks? Having a hard time finding a solution that works!
Is it really easy to get dirty ?
Would it hold Sharpie pens? Like the fine point pens.
Would fountain pens fit in to the holders? I noticed the Micron pens would but those are a bit slimmer than fountain pens usually are...
what is the inside diameter of the tube?
Has anyone had experiences travelling with this tube as a carryon when it was fully extended (48 inches)? I am hoping to place in the overhead bin
Can I use this to send a poster through the mail?
Is this expandable up to 50 inches?
Will this fit a 48" by 96" poster?
Would the strap handle constant movement??? I travel on a bicycle and was wondering if I can ride with this strapped on my back?
Where do I email the personalized info?
What color ink? Are these pens refillable?
How do I specify my preferences? I'm placing the order through Amazon and it is indicated to e-mail you directly.
What does the 75 mean? 75 inches, 75 feet, 75 ties?
Is the Velcro strong enough to support small, sagging tree limbs or small branches to a stronger limb?
Can I re-use it?
Will it take the paint off of furniture"
Anyone know if the sticky side will adhere to cotton fabric? Would like to use Velcro instead of buttons to open and close the flap on my haversack.
Will these stick on tile? Looking for something to keep a large rug from slipping around.
How many pounds does this velcro squares support per sqft?
I know these have sticky backs, but could I sew them on a pair of kid shorts?
Will these stick to wooden surfaces? I need to attach velcro to my loft bed.
Do these work on fabrics like microsuede curtains?
does this product have both sides of the Velcro stripping to complete the attaching process, there has been misleading on other products and pictures.
will it stick on cloth?
Will it work if I want to stick one side to a hard surface and the other to fabric?
Will it work if I want to stick one side to a hard surface and the other to fabric?
Want to fasten solar window screen (metal frame) over top of metal window frame on outside of house. Will this stuff work? Needs to be solid seal of course to hold up to wind and rain.
Do you know if this will stick to a wooden fence?
How long are the gripping "teeth". Closer to 1/8th of an inch or is it like small nubs? I need longer "teeth".
Will this adhesive hold up to daily use? I need to be able to pull the velcro apart multiple times daily for long periods of time.. thanks!
Can you cut into different sections?
is this strong enough to hang picture frames that are about 20"x30" onto normal sheetrock walls?
Where would you hang this footrest from? I couldn't tell very well from the picture that was posted.
Will it attach no matter what position the tray table is in?
what can you attach to if have bulkhead seat, or exit row (tray table in armrest)?
I assume this doesn't work in bulkhead seats?
do airlines allow it in when you sit in the aisle seat
will this work with bulkhead or emergency exit seat?
Won't this shake and disturb the person sitting in front of you unless you keep your feet very still?
How much does it weigh?
does this roll when you sit
What periodic care should the brace receive? Does it require special washing instructions? Can it be washed
what does LARGE mean? how many inches?
How wide is it? Does the width vary between small, medium and large?
How wide and long is it?
Is it a 9 or ten inch binder? thank you.
what sizes are there
Larger size 54 to 56 inches
Description says 22" arm, review says 16" arm, and Q&amp;A says 13" arm. Can anyone please clear this up?
what are the dimensions of the surface a laptop sits on?
How far does the arm extends out-enought to be over a bed?
Does the platform swivel to almost vertical to place a tablet only on it so that I can use it while at my desk along side my computer monitors?
Product documentation indicates that the height of the tube 17 3/4", but a response below says 10". What is the exact height of the main tube?
How much weight will this stand hold?
Can you mount the arm on a different pole? Like a dual monitor stand pole if the verticle clearance was acceptable?
This product is displaying different photos with different upright poles and arms. Look closely at all photos. Which one is the actual product?
Description calls for a 15 1/8" x 13 7/8" platform. What are the true dimentions of the platform. My laptop requires a dock to run multi monitors.
Could this be used as a standing desk? What is the height of the keyboard on the mount?
iS IT COMPATABLE WITH SHARP EL2196BL
Hi! Are these ribbons compatible with Sharp EL-2615P III ? Thanks!!
is it compatable with canon MP25DV
What is the ribbon life?
Is it compatible with a Casio DL-250 ?
Are these tapes compatible with the Sharp EL 2630G II?
What is the width of the ribbon itself?
product life of Nukote BR80C Calculator Ribbon
Will this work with the Victor 1560-6?
Is it compatable with Compet CS-2850?
If there are any technical difficulties with the cartridges are they covered by a warranty? And will my printer have issues identifying them?
Is it color and black??? for the 2 pack??? I do need color and black.
does the ink work with hp 2540 deskjet printer
Can I use this ink for hp deskjet 1010? Have had problems with ink meant for J1000 -- not compatible with 1010.
best printer for 61 XL cartrideges
Will this work with the HP Deskjet 2544?
Will these work in the HP Deskjet 1050?
Does it work with the Deskjet 3050A? Will the scanner recongize the page that prints out?
Does it work with hp deskjet 1055
I HAVE A HP ENVY 5535 WILL THEY WORK?
The picture shows insert fot CLI-221 not CLI 226. What gives?
Does this resetter work on ND TM Dinsink non-OEM cartridges?
Does this resetter have a built in battery, or is a cable required ? It is unclear from the answers.
will this work on the Canon 5420
WILL IT WORK ON CANON MG6250 CARTRIDGES
How can this resetter cause the printer to burn out?
Will this device allow me to use my unfillable canon cartridges beyond the "empty" notification or will it only reset the level if it's been refilled?
What kind of cable do I need to purchase for this resetter and where can I find it? thanks
What are the dimensions of this item
Is the opening on the top, the left or the right of each sleeve?
Is the opening on the top, the left or the right of each sleeve?
Does this come with batteries? Also what kind of batteries should I buy for this?
Does dictionary translate from English to Spanish for a person learning Spanish?
can it do Chinese and English translate?
What are the deminsions
Does this use rechargeable batteries?
Can it translate whole sentences?
Can you turn the sound off??
i am taking spnaish 100 for college, i have books and cd's and they are not sinking in. Can someone reccomedn something else? thanks
Does this translate from English to Spanish?
can you trnsalte from arabic to english or no
what hp printers use hp 60 ink cartridge?
Does this come with a disk? My computer requires a disk to set up a printer.
Will it run on a MAC OS X Version 10.5.8 ?
How many ink cartridges does it need? I now own an HP and it needs 3, B&amp;W, Color and Photo.
Can I print pictures on picture paper with this printer?
will it run on win 8.0
Is this compatible w a hp8.1?
does this 3050avwireless printer compatible with window 8.1
print from droid
Can it print from a kindle fire?
what is the max weight this chair can handle?
are the casters ok for use on a hardwood floor? i ordered the chair today and need to know if i have to change the casters for my hardwood floor.
Is this chair all real leather, or bonded, PU leather?
is the extra basket removable?
What are the dimensions of the cart? (How tall, what is the depth/width?)
What is the weight of this and was delivery on time?
Can it go up stairs
how high are the handles?
What is the size of this item?
What are the basket deminsions?
Does this phone system have a phone book and if so how many names and numbers does the phone book store?
How many cordless handsets are included? It shows 4 in the picture, but nowhere is it specified.
how is the volume on the handsets?
is it wall mountable
Does the bag have 6 and a half inch of depth when opening ?I wanted enough room for my big phone slim yet a little under 6 inches long.Will this fit ?
Will the bag fit a galaxy note 2 (with a silicone bumbler case?
Hello, Will the clear section hold printed name badge insert that is size 3"x4"? Thank you, Veronica
I need one in black but the picture its different than the ones in color. Are they different than the black one?
how long is the outside strap? i want it to fit over my head and hang under my arm
is it waterproof? if i get stuck in the rain
How many passports this can fit? Thanks
Will it hold a passport?
money,is it deep enought to fit japanese yen
Will it hold my iPhone 4?
Does this phone and port use wifi or does it have to be plugged into the router please as only like for a wifi internet phone?
I am looking at buying the TGP550. Is this an additional cordless phone for that system with a booster? not sure what this is.
Is is possible to purchase a replacement receiver instead of buying the entire system again?
Do the power supplies for the base and handsets work on 100-240 VAC or just 120 VAC?
will this work with Vonage? if so, how?
My current Panasonic cordless system is Bluetooth-compatible and lets me answer calls to my cellphone. Can this system do that?
How Easy is it for Someone to Join the Phone Call from another Handset? If there are 3 lines but 6 handsets, can the other handsets easily conference?
I need to be able to have a phone book or speed dial for 50-75 different numbers. Does this phone offer this easily? I need super simple. Thanks!
can i pair any other dect 6.0 device with this base unit... specifically an AT&amp;T wireless headset
Cannot get this to accept an IP address, either DHCP or Static? Unable to get help from Panasonic. How do you reset it?
GXP1400 is support vonage(Vocalocity) network ..........????
Can it be used as a regular phone? I bought this thinking it was a regular office desk phone but now I can't use it because there is no jack.
How many cordless handsets can it support?
I am looking at one of these for my business. Do you just plug in an RJ45 cable to a network and then you can call?
does this work with ooma?
hello, can i use with this phone more than 2 lines like presing a combination of numbers acces to other outgoing lines from my pbx
Can this ibe used with an Asterisk PBX server?
is it PoE integrated?
Would it work with OBi202 VoIP Phone Adapter (I am using google voice) ?
Is this phone compatiable with a vonage modem?
Anybody have experience using this with Dragon Naturally Speaking? Thanks. Joan
Doesn't the PC just see this headset as another choice of microphone and and output device just like any other wired or wireless headset?
what is the typical battery life from a full charge? Also, when you put the headset back into the chrging station, does it disconnect the audio?
Does this come with multiple power "click on" power adapters? i.e. does it come with the british adapter?
Does this headset come with a carry case?
can I use it with a tv
Has anyone used this device with a softphone in a VDI environment with USB Redirection or remote audio/mic?
How does this headpiece connect to my pc?
Will this work for Cisco Webex Connect or Jabber softphone on either a Mac or PC?
Does the headset have to be connected to the same WiFi network as the computer to be able to use it to dictate into Dragon. Thank you in advance!
where do you buy the refillable pages?
If performing a ceremony will this journal stay open if held in one hand?
Can you tell me what the measurement of the journal (not the leather cover - the actual journal) is please?
Would a composition notebook that is 7 1/4 inch by 9 3/4 by 1/4 fit in this journal?
Can I get this journal engraved?
How long does it take from order to delivery? I need a gradutation gift for May 3? Would this work?
Hi. The price listed is showing $8,995. This can't be right- what is the correct price? Thanks!
Why did the price increase from $99 to $149?
Is this compatible with CX3810?
compatible with the Epson CX4800?
Are these 15mL size cartrideges?
will they work with my Epson Stylus CX4800 (all in one) printer? Thanks!
compatible with Epson Stylus CX3800?
is it self sharpening?
Do you have to hold the handle blade when you're tryin to align your paper? Is this not a hydrolic like handle?
My brand new trim air gullitone is 1/18th off and the wooden grid is 1/32 using professional tools to attain results. Is the gillotyine adjustable MJ
what is the max this blade will cut? can it trim my 18" paper?
Would this be good for scrapbooking? I'm especially curious about cutting scrapbook-sized paper, 12inx12in.
Will the blade automatically stay up as you try to align paper or do you have to continuously hold the blade while also trying to align your paper?
Hello. Does the paper trimmer come with a user manual or instructions? Thank you.
FROM WHAT COUNTRY IS THIS PRODUCT MADE?
Are the inch ruler marks broken down into 1/4 inches?
Can this cut a 0.25mm thick vinyl sheet without having the edge of the adhesive layer lifted up?
The picture shows the portfolio with a zippered closure, but the description does not say anything about this. Does it have a zippered closure?
Is the calculator and notepad removable?
What size is the calculator and pocket? Will it accommodate a 6" x 3" real estate calculator?
Is it a standard legal size pad?
is real leather?
Can the inside pockets fit a standard size file folder? 11 5/8" x 9 1/5"
Does it have a handle?
Is there a slot where you could insert a notebook instead of a pad?
Does the paper come with the portfolio
does it have a place for loose papers
What nib idoes it have: Fine, Mediume??
How do you refil it? Is it a cartredge or draw to fill type?
What kind of ink cartridge can I get any ideas
Will this pen fit through checkbook loops?
does this work in indonesia
Does it work in South Africa? It would be USA to South Africa
Does it accept 3-prong grounded US devices (i. e., laptops)?
can a plug from singapore use this to charge in america
Does this adapter have surge protection?
Does this adapter have surge protection?
Will this work in Morocco, Turkey, and Sri Lanka?
if I buy 10 the shipping is still 4.99?
Does this work in Taiwan?
Is there a case or something to protect the (third) plastic prong on UK adapter from being broken off?
Is there a warning or some way to tell before it runs out of toner?
Does this handle generic cartridges well?
does it scan
is it wireless
Hi, does this printer have a copier feature? I haven't been able to find it in the description. Thanks.
My computer died and the online manuel went with it. Could you send me the website?
Does this printer work with Mac OS X Yosemite?
Does it work with Windows 8?
What kind of USB connector does the printer have (i.e.: standard, mini, micro. etc.)?
ABOUT how many pages can i expect on #125 Starter Cartridge? [ over the replacement full cartridge ] Thank You .
DOes it flip pages automatically while scanning or one has to physically flip each page of the book?
How big an area can be scanned in one pass (put another way, how big is the glass plate)?
what is the size of the flatbed screen?
Will this scanner work with Windows 8.1?
Will this work with a 64 byte Windows 7 computer?
Will this work with the least version of Mac OS?
How do I know the one I order is not a fake?
is this pen in original box? pls advise soonest
Is the ISO 12757 (black) a refill for this pen?
Can you all engrave the pens?
does this pen use rollerball fine point black refills?
what is the serial number?
I am looking to buy a used le grande ballpoint from amazon, which is currently retailing for 200$, but I am a bit worried if it is 100% original??
Is this 100% genuine? I can't explain the 323$ from amazon giants the 450$ on Mont Blanc online store?
Does the pen come with a card inside the box for engraving at the Montblanc store?
Is the gold ring in the middle of pen engraved with Montblanc?
One more, If I will buy this machine, Is it need update driver? My machine is SRP-350, and use RMS ver 2.0. Also can you recommend display pole too?
I am looking a unit to replace my srp- 275agp . it has a clip on the back, so I guess it is a parallel. which is a good replacement?
Is this same with SRP-350(I bouth 4years ago)?
Good morning. Friend fiscal printer can work in any program? in any country? You deliver some interface to integrate a special program?
Can this be flipped to use the mouse on the left side comfortably?
what are the dimensions of this pad? i'm looking to use it for just a keyboard and mouse. my keyboard is 19" long plus room for a mouse.
What is the difference, other than price &amp; color, of the differently colored Logitech N315 Portable Lapdesk &amp; Cooling Pads?
Is the retractable mouse pad sturdy enough to rest and leave your hand on the mouse?
Use with 17 inch laptops?
Is the surface textured- not ideal for writing on? What material is the backside made of? and is it gel or foam stuffed?
what are other logitech lapdesks?
Can I use my 15.6" notebook and wireless mouse?
How does this work for cooling? It doesn't appear to have fans?
Does this come in a box? I'm planning on giving it as a Christmas gift. Thanks!
does it support 220V?
I have old developer dental x-ray system. Does this scanner works w sensors and phosphorus films and a sofware to digitalize the image in my laptop?
Is this scanner compatible with eaglesoft
How long does it take to scan an xray that is 8" by 12"? What is the output file format?
Does this work to import panorexes to Dexis?
Will this scale for weigh puppies down to 1 oz or 2 oz accurately. The platform is large enough, but how well are "light" item weighed ?
I'm thinking about purchasing this scale. I'm wondering if you can actually place a larger box on it and then see the weight...Any info appreciated!
What is the size of the platform? I'm hoping to use the scale to weigh puppies.
Is there an instruction manual for the A-ST65 available online?
HOW ARE POSTAL RATES UPDATED?
I've followed the directions on calibration, but the scale turns off when I reach a certain step. Has anyone else experienced this?
Does it tell you how much postage to use
would you recommend this scale for shipping on ebay
What are the dimensions ?
Will this work for items under a pound?
is there a way NOT to get to get auto power off ?
What are the dimensions?
Is there a warranty and information on how to contact the manufacturer if needed ?
What country is it made in?
What is the mininum weight that the scale can register?
Is this model also very accurate for letter envelopes, to check if additional postage is needed? The seller is suggesting I get a smaller model.
Is this genuine or refilled?
Can I use this in the OJPro8100?
Will this work with HP Office JetPro 8610?
is anyone who is buying these printing a lot of volume? I would say more that 1500 copies/month
how many pages will this 2x cartridge print
What printer does it fit
CAN YOU USE THIS CARTRIDGE WITH THE HP OCICEJET 5600
what is the yield of this 2x cartridge
is this with all 4 colors
Does this work with hp office jet pro8600?
are 950 and 950xl interchangeable?
What is the expiration date of this cartridge?
are 950 and 951 interchangable?
Is this in stock?
Is this ink compatible with my HP Officejet Pro 8600?
I have an HP office jet pro 8600. I want to replace the black ink. The HP color is indicated as HP950XL or HP950. Is that the same product you have
Is this ink compatible with HP Officejet Pro 8600 Plus?
Does the ink work with HP OfficeJet Pro 8625?
will it work in a Office jet pro 8610?
Work on 8620?
Is this a smaller cartridge than the regular one? HP says a single black cartridge should print 2300 pages, but this says 1000.
The current black ink my printed has looks double size than the color ones. What is this product size?
Will this work for the HP officejet pro 8600 plus
Is there a separate photo black? Is this model good for printing photos?
After reading the reviews need the product in HP original packaging, will I get it in original packaging?
fits the 8600 model?
Can you confirm that this combo pack has one each of the Cyan, Magenta, &amp; Yellow color cartridges?
Does it fit HP officjet pro 276dw ?
I see reviews from buyers receiving refilled, pre-used cartridges. Are these items SHIPPED and SOLD by Amazon.com? Is that why the price is low?
are these "setup cartridges"? I just bought some that absolutely will NOT work in my Hp Officejet 8600 even though it says the chip was altered.
what is the expiration date on the cartridge?
does this fit the HP 8630?
What is the expiration date on these?
Would this mount bracket work upside down mounted to the hutch shelf above my desk?
In the line drawing there's a vertical screw (to lock the tllt?). If there's no screw, how do you lock the tilt?
does the mounting plate rotate? I have an old 17" monitor but the pattern is in a diamond shape and not in a horizontal square pattern
Will this work with a Samsung SyncMaster 740N ?
Is this the same as the Monoprice 105400 (ASIN B007WWOUDC) for a few dollars less?
I notice that this dosent rotate from landscape to potrait. but can i mount the monitor in either orientation i assume. Help? thanks
My computer monitors need to be lowered all the way down to the desktop. Will this work?
Would this work for an all-in-one computer?
What is the width of the c-clamp? I have a 3" hole in my desk to fit this through.
Is the cross itself rotatable?
So why did the price go up from $27.51 to $32.99 in 12 days?
How far can it extend from the pole?
Does this mount have free range of motion on the horizontal movement? I need it to, once set, lock for ALL ranges of motion and not move.
Will this hold a 29" monitor?
What is the maximum Tilt range, in degrees?
Does the mounting bracket pivot? I want to be able to easily switch between landscape and portrait mode.
Does it stand on the desk?
Can you easily change the monitor height?
What is the width of the bracket that clamps to the desk? I have holes in my desk for cables to go through and I am thinking about sticking it through the holes and clamping to the desk that way so I don't have to drill holes.
The dimensions listed doesn't tell you what's what. How tall is this product?
What is the distance between the outside edges of the 2 diagonal legs? I'm looking to put this on a riser, so the base can't outsize the riser.
Does the base come unscrewed from the stand for shipping?
Can you tilt the monitor to be in a vertical position for tasks such as programming?
can this hold a 32" samsung?
would it work to mount a 27 inch , horizontally and vertically ?
Can the post be fixed to the desk by drilling a hole and attaching a bolt from below, and not using the provided base?
The attachment on the pole to hold and rotate the screen, can it be attached (or rotated 180 degrees) to where the screen is facing the other way?
I want to order this to replace the stand on my QNIX monitor. Does this come with the appropriate screws? What screw size should I buy for this?
does this product come with screws?
How many times have you refilled the *starter* cartridge that came with your HL-2270DW before buying a replacement *cartridge*?
Product says Starter Cartridge Toner refill kit, does it come with reset gear assembly?
Do you need to have the original Starter Cartridge or can this be used with an OEM replacement cartridge?
Is it really necessary to use the gear, spring etc...for the start cartridge? What if I don't do it, what happens then? Can I just refill?
Can this be used to refill DCP-7065N printer's Starter catridge ?
Can this be used on HL2280DW starter cartridge ?
What is the yield of this Refill ?, how many pages would it print ?
is this refill toner ink dry or liquid please ? thanks
do they have micr ink for brother HL-2270dw
Will this work for the 2280? Basically same as 2270 but with added scan/copy feature.
messages on handset screen do not play back. ones on base do! ??? I have 17 missed msgs.
can additional handsets be purchased to use in another room?
Cannot get the answering machine to work. Only asks for Random Access Code. Any suggestions?
This phone is described as cordless and corded....which is it?
can you store people phone number on the phone for easy dialing?
Is the phone base wall-mountable?
is all I have to do is plud in the adapter and it works? What kind of batterys
Does this phone have speed dial where you push only one button?
Does the phone annouces the names clearly - you can understand what is being said?
Does this require electric outlet and if yes does it work on 110-220 V (Internationally as well?)
Can you say call ray and have the phone call
Can you pick up the phone and tell it to call someone
How many US cities does this clock cover? Thanks.
Can I manually modify azan timings?
Is there any other alarm sound apart from Azan sound in the clock?
Is it possible to mute azan for morning prayer
Is the city Corvallis,Oregon,USA supported in this clock? Another thing, does the Azan sound go for all prayers or just for Al-Fajr prayer? Thanks
Does this checks new $100 Bill
accessories brings product?
Can it work with foreign currency like Bolivares, the code is Bs ???
do this product work with any currency
this item works with battery
Does it detect new 100.00 bills
DOES IT WORK WITH EUROS
I need to know exact number of refills in this listing. The previous answers are not clear. The listing is poor and never mentioned quantity.
How many refills come with this order. I would appreciate a response from the seller because responses from other buyers are inconsistent.
How many items are in the pack? this is the third time this question is asked!!
How many refills come with this order?
Why does it make weird sounds when you tilt back and forth,I cannot find a way to oil or make it stop.One can live with it but it is irritating.
How hard are the arm rests? Can I rest my elbows on them while I type?
weight capacity?
How low will the seat adjust down? I am 4'll 1/2, and I do not want to purchase it if I can not sit in the correct posture.
Max seat height?
Can you remove the head piece?
I am looking for some white plastic sheets letter size is okay that I can cut stars out of it. It has to be solid white. Will this work?
Is this like a decal sticker for laptops/cars? Also is this printable and cutable from a machine like a Silhouette? I'm new to this vinyl sheets thing
Could this be used on a car? (like with a design that would be applied to the side of my vehicle?)
I want to create names for a wooden coat rack but I want them to be removable down the line. Would this product be suitable?
Can this product be used on cloth, like a tote bag?
What is it made of? Steel, hardwood, veneer, paper?
do the drawers lock?
Does this tip forward when you pull the drawers out?
What is the bottom of the drawer made of
what are the dimentions
does it come assembled?
Can you put the files in running side to side and front to back?
Can the lateral file unit be placed on either side of corner desk? Thanks
Is it ready for Hanging (Pendaflex) letter file folders single row per drawer/
Is the desk finished/painted on the back side? I am playing on having only part of the desk against a wall.
does it fax?
Is this printer supposed to come with a USB cable?
Can you feed papers that you want to copy from the back to continuously copy? I can't get anything to feed from the back. Thanks!
SCANNER: can someone post a picture or at least tell e where the scanner is.
Is the IPad 2 compatable to this printer?
What is "Auto Duplex Copy" features according to some sites? Does this model lack ADF but instead makes auto 2-side scans?
I need to know, if you have two different documents, can this printer copy two doc. on a single 2 sided blank paper or would you have to let one side print and put the paper in the tray then put another doc. to copy another in order to accomplish that...
I own Mac products, can I print when not in range of wireless network, is there a way to send a print job from some distance away?
Is the printhead removable for cleaning if necessary
Can you print from a smartphone or tablet?
Does this have an ethernet port?
Does this model (GK42-202511) have the dispenser/peeler option? (It's shown in the picture, but not mentioned in the description.)
Does this model have a cutter?
Looking for a model with ethernet port. Do you have any of those?
Does this printer have an Ethernet connection?
Will this printer work in a wireless network?
Picture shows roll of paper is included. Is it and what size?
Windows 8.1 64bit compatible?
Does this model have a cutter?
Does the printer has a build in WiFi connection
Can I print PNG shipping labels directly from my browser with this?
how long is the battery life?
Can you purchase additional handsets
is this phone copatible with bluetooth headset?
AT&amp;T TL92370 Cordless Phone 2 Cordless Handsets Chargers ATT TL92370 include the phones or just the chargers? are there 2 or 3 handsets in this?
does it come with cbs logo?
Can I have it with my company information on it like it has the CBS logo? If so I would love to order one!
what is the overall length of this opener? blade length?
A lot of electric sharpeners say they cannot be used with colored pencils. Can this sharpener be used with colored pencils without getting jammed?
Maybe I missed it.....can this be mounted to a wall, back of a door, wood panel...stuff like that.? It does not have to sit on a table top does it.? Thank You
Can this sharpener be used to sharpen make-up (lip liner etc.) pencils as well as regular graphic pencils
how to fix when lead gets stuck inside?
How do you turn the crank with one hand while holding the sharpener in place with the other? Do the two buttons at the top hold the pencil?
Is there a secret to mounting this sharpener with the bar/vice thing that was included? The sharpener tips forward when I screw it tight to the table
About how long is the life span on this sharpener? I cannot find one that last more than a year!
Does this sharpener have double helical blades?
Can this sharpener do a "partial" sharpen a la the Dahle D155, or must it sharpen to a point every time? Thanks!
What is the maximum sized pencil this sharpener can handle, please? It's not in the specifications.
I bought one of these for my classroom last fall and it sharpened great. But is now not sharpening well at all. Is it only good for one school year?
It says above that the cutter assembly can be taken out. Anyone know how to do that?
Why does the front metal part come out when I press the black knobs to hold the pencil in place?
how does this work? what are the 2 black things?
How does one use the clamp to attach it to a table or desk?
Does the handle come unattached out of the box? I am able to fit it and turn the handle, but curious if this is normal.
Where is this sharpener made?
Where can you find the adapter to mount this with screws?
will this sharpen MY FIRST TICONDEROGA #2 PENCILS?ITS A LARGER SIZED PENCIL....
can this sharpener be mounted to wall or desk
is there a portable handset available to go with the 425?
Is the light on the base a voicemail indicator light?
does this phone let you know if you have a voicemail promised a call? What about about caller ID?
Can the ringer be turned off completely?
does it mount to the wall
Is this phone a stand alone phone?? Does it have a place for the telephone jack??
can the cordless telephone extra handset ringer be made louder?
I can hear just fine but am visually impaired, would you reccomend? Also does it have a speakerphone button? Does it have a flash button for when someone is calling you?
Does this phone work alone?
Is the speed dial feature just a one touch or do you have to hit a memory button first?
anyone else has a unit with handle that has a sharp point that scratches the plastic container when rotating? Wondering if my unit is just defective?
Does theCarl CC-2000 work well with artists colored pencils? Can it accommodate pencil brands which are slightly larger in diameter than standard?
I had to twist the black plastic outer part and remove the sharpening part inside because one of my students got something stuck in there. The problem is, the handle which you crank to charpen the pencil came off too, and now I can't get it to stay on!...
Hello, I have pencil that has diameter of 8.5mm and it is Dixon Tri-Conderoga. standard pencil has diameter of 7mm. Will 8.5mm fit?
what are the demensions
Are the pads the same height so it will lay flat, or is one pad deeper than the other so lap desk tilts slightly?
Would this be a good choice for old school writing on paper?
Could this be used with a 17" laptop? I don't use an external mouse. Thanks.
Is this fit Macbook pro 13 inch?
Is this non-slip?
can i use for a wireless keybord?
Measurements?
does this help to keep laptop cool or only your lap?
Would this work as a lap tray for eating dinner in an easy chair in the living room?
My current phone makes an audible sound others hear on conference calls when I mute and un-mute. Is the mute on this phone silent?
What headset do you use with it? Do you have one you would recommend?
Does this phone have intercom capability?
Is this phone a landline phone
does it have cordless phones
Does it have a spot to write names of stored numbers beside button
If used as a front desk phone, can my assistant forward/ connect callers to me on my cell if I'm out of the office?
Can you quickly switch back forth from speakerphone to the headset (plugged into the 2.5mm jack)?
if this phone is hooked up to 1 phone line used by 3 different people and someone else is on the line, does this phone tell you by lighting up?
Is the CID screen backlit?
Can it be wall mounted?
Can you turn the ringer to silent?
Do the numbers light up?
What size is this phone
does it work with a modern day phone socket
Is it rotary it push button
How do I hang this on the wall?
hello i want to if this product is authentic and will i get the certificate with it ? and can u get engraving done ?
The pen comes in a box?
Is the only place for the serial number on a Starwalker black and platinum ball point on the barrel? Can it also be on the Side of the Clip?
Are there different colors than black
is this real??????
Hi! Could you tell me the reference of the refill for this pen ?
This product does come with his certificate and warranty?
Can I use a Fineliner refill with this pen????
I have a starwalker, where cap has crashed. Do you sell it separatelly ? If you provide me an email, I can sendo you pictures of it . Thanks
Need to know if this is an authentic mont blanc pen with the words 'pix' under the clip?
Does the kit come with syringes for each color?
Is the black ink pigment or dye base? Your picture for black ink shows dye base, but description conflicts and says pigment.
how many times can this refill the cartridges?
does this work with artisan 725
More importantly, what is the ink quality? Is it comparable to Epson?
How does this work in the Artisan 800?
Purchased and Installed the ink cartridges and the magenta would not be recognized in my Artisan 835.I tried wiping sensor and still no luck
Will these work for Artisan 830?
I don't print a lot at home so I am just finally using my Magenta and Light Magenta inks. The printer does not recognize them. What should I do?
What tricks have you used to get these to work? I have the Artisan 810 and it won't recognize this ink. I tried switching the chips but it didn't work
Does it work with Artisan 1430, ?, does it have ACR, cartridges can be refillable ?...Thanks Chris
will these work in my Artisan835
Might be a dumb question but do these cartriges have ink in them or are they empty and the consumer has to fill them?
This T200XL Ink Cartridges can not be recognized by my Epson printer WF-2530. Can you please tell me how to solve this problem?
Will these cartridges work in an Epson XP 300?
it will work XP-400?
Will these cartridges be recognizable for an Epson WF-2660?
Do these cartridges fit Epson XP-400?
will 123getink T200XL work with Epson Workforce 2530? Thanks for sharing information.
do you have cartridges for HP deskjet 3512
This ink cartridges works in an epson xp-201?
Does it works with Epson XP-310 ?
will these work on Epson XP310?
Are these comparable to the "standard" or "high" capacity OEM cartridge?
How does this ink print pictures ?
Does this work with the Artisan 830?
Are these compatible with Epson Artisan 837?
These consistently become unrecognizable by my printer, does that mean the ink has run out?
does it work for the 700
does it work for artisan 710?
Will these work with Artisan 725 ?
Does this work with the Epson Artisan 730?
Excuse me! the price is for all the 18 Pack Cartridges? thank you for your answer.
What is this chalkboard made of? Is it the traditional slate or something else perhaps?
It doesn't look as if there's a holder for the chalk. Is there a place to put the chalk?
Are the holes where the string hangs already drilled into the chalkboard frame? Can we hang the chalkboard horizontally rather than vertically?
Can you use the new chalkboard paint markers on the chalkboard surface?
How do I get the chalk to come off?
Good morning, this kit will work fine with the hp printer 4515? or you can sell me one for that printer?
does this include the fuser
is this in oem sealed retail packaging
Is this really an HP OEM product?
is the raised table for a the printer included as shown in the pic ????
How tall is the printer stand?
Does anyone else find the drawers don't open far enough, particularly the bottom file drawer?
does it come with the key
whats the width for this computer desk
Is this desk on wheels
Can it be converted so the desk flips out to the left side?
How wide is the top panel?
What is the distance from the floor to the bottom of the keyboard tray?
can i use it for an xbox
Would this desk be ideal to use for a recording rig? monitor speakers, power surge, interface ect..
Would a tower fit on this? Mine is 23.80"L x 9.80"W x 22.80"D
Can I use it for gaming
Is there enough room on the top shelf for 2 27 inch monitors?
Would my tower fit on this? I own the corsair carbide 200r case.. will that fit? dimensions are: 16.9" x 8.3" x 19.6"
What is the length of the keyboard tray? I want to know if it can comfortably hold my mouse and keyboard.
how tall is this product. As well what are all the dimensions of this product?
the shelves on the door part, how do items not just fall off the shelf when opening the door?
what are the dimensions of the unit
can the swinging door with the shelves in it be on the other side?
What is it made of - wood vs. compressed wood? Can this be used as a book case as I am looking for a book case with doors?
This appears black in the picture - exactly what color is Dakota Oak? Ready to order need to decide on color.
What are the dimensions of the shelves? What are the dimensions of the shelves in the doors?
Size is perfect, but need to modify inside to hang clothing. Is it possible without weakening its structure with middle divider removed?
I really need this in white to match my kitchen , is it a paintable surface ?
which shelves are fixed and which are not? I'm looking to hide my vacuum cleaner away and I want to make sure it will fit in at least one side
What is the dimension ( wide&amp; deep) on this item
Can you stack one of these on top of another one of these?
could you put a microwave on it?
How high up will the adjustable shelf go? I need lots of room down below and a little up top.
can shoes fit inside
If I have a TV with a width of 29.06", will it fit inside?
can you stack em
What is this products inside dimensions?
Is the 29.6 wide or high?
Would it be possible to add additional shelves so I can store more shoes without having to stack them?
I would like to kown the measurments of this cabinet to see if it fits in my kitchen
do items stay on the door shelves as the doors are yanked open?
What is the width of the wider door?
Do you make any of these 24" deep?
If I wanted to remove shelves from one side fully to store a vacuum and a mop is this an option?
What are the dimensions of this cabinet?
is it really necessary to drill some of the holes myself as some of the reviews suggest?
I need a pantry 20inches wide 13 deep 72-84 high in brownish color
can you get it in white?
What is the whole size of this unit?
It's the back of this desk completely finished with wood, or it can only be stand next to a wall?
Do you have an option of having someone to put this desk together?
is this real wood?
Is there a computer shelf (is that what the top drawer is) or is it really a drawer?
Does this have one drawer or two?
can someone tell me how far out the keyboard drawer extends out when fully pulled out?
Do you offer enhanced delivery? Do you offer assembly?
Does the flip out tray have a locking mechanism so that the key board tray be used as a drawer?
what is the depth?
What are the dimensions of the chair gap? (how high/wide/deep-- need to see if my desk chair fits)
what is the color
seat height?
What size is the stool, height and width? I only have a 15" opening and wonder if it will fit?
is this model capable of connecting to internet wirelessly (i.e. using hot spot device) and what steps are needed to connect that way?
does have a LAN?
Can I receive and send fax from Vonage using my fax machine
How many phones can this unit power? I seek to plug this into my telco block thereby connecting it to all five (5) telephone extensions in my house.
Can I use it as an upgrade (replacement) for my current box or does it have to be a new activation (new account) ?
What is the REN?
Is this item's software compatable with MAC?
does this work with Windows 8?
can it scan multiple pages at one time
Isn't PanDigital out of business and not honoring any warranties?
How quick does it save files, and how long does it take before you can scan another page?
does this come with a memory card? and do you need batteries for it ?
I scan and download. I erase the card. I scan different pics and the original ones reappear after I scanned different pics. How to correct?
scanning sleeve
How do I reformat the card? I'm getting an E03 error code and can't scan anymore.
How do you charge the battery?
Is it safe to clean the pad with water?
Will this work for a left-handed user?
Can someone please tell me if you think this product would work for a petite woman who is 5 2"?... Not too long or high thereby causing shoulder pain
How far under the desk does the attachment piece need to go? I have about 1-1/2 inch under the top of the desk to attach anything.
Can the forearm rest adjust in height in relation to the table? If so, how much higher than the table is it able to go?
Does the mous platform come off if you want to just use the arm?
Is this a sationary device or does it move with your elbow?
How long is the padded part of the arm rest? In other words, how long is it from one end of ONLY the padded part to the other end of it?
I'm only really interested in the arm rest part, is it possible to use this without the mousing platform?
Is this sold as a set? Or is the price for one?
does the keyboard tray pull out...where do you put your legs when you're sitting at this unit...or is it not made for sitting at as you would a desk?
Does this desk need assembly?
Could you provide the demensions for both the printer drawer and the one below it? I want to see if my computer would fit.
Does it need a carrier or do you just put the pouches through?
what pouches come with the machine?
Is there an auto shut-off after so many minutes?
How long does it take to warm up?
It this product 100-240 volt? Or only 110-120V
Is there a cutter to trim the laminating pouches?
When you sit in this chair does it support your head, im 5'9''
Has any body used a computer mouse on this chair?
Does this chair plug in to the electricity?
about how big is the box this chair comes in and would it fit in a mid sized car?
What is the difference between model # 7600 and 7672? why is 7672 roughly $20.00 more?
Like the chair but it is too short. I use the stool top to try and make it taller. Do you have any way to make it higher?
What is the width between the arms?
Does the chair rock? Or just recline?
Is the recline continuous? Or are there 'lock' positions?
IS IT A MASSAGE CHAIR OR VIBRATING CHAIR
Is this item new? Is there a warranty? If warranty work is needed--will it come from Dell?
does it come with toner?
What comes in the box ? Additional cables required ?
/how do u secure the safe in room so its not carried away?
Safe came with no code or instructions how do we open and use safe
Is there an override if something happens to the battery wire?
Is there a warranty? If someone removes the battery, I.e, prank. R u locked out until u replace the battery. Does it remember the last code
Is the black shape located at the bottom rear of the photo an opening for power cords and a cable lock?
Does anyone know the inside dimensions or brand name of this safe?
can someone give me the interior width and depth of the unit? I would like to fit a microwave on the bottom shelf above the trash can.
What is the height dimension for the upper part of the cabinet (above the trashcan)?
I am trying to match vanity that is Espresso. Is Dakota Oak a close match?
does this one have dakota oak finish as well?
what are the dimensions??
What is the height (floor to top of cabinet), width (right to left across front of cabinet), depth(back of cabinet to front)?
Is this L shaped desk is only one desk for the price or you need to buy two part to made the L shaped?
Hi, I see in the product details that the length of the sides are 59 inches but can anyone tell me what the widths of the short and long pieces are?
I see reviews that say there's a long side &amp; short side of the desk - but the description says the dimensions are the same overall. Is this right?
Hi, is the privacy panel included or has to be order separate? thanks!
does this fit a dell c1765nfw
about how many pages will they do? Dell says 2000 on black and 1400 for each of the other 3 colors. Are your high yield about the same or the lower 700 pages? Thank you.
Are these compatible with the Dell C1765nfw?
I see 2 cartridges in the picture. What is in the 4 pack?
I have a dell v715w. will these catridge work for my printer?
I have a dell V313w. Will this work for my printer?
Do these come in 21 21 for my dell computer?
My Dell uses a Series 23, will these work on my printer?
I have a dell v510 printer, can i use any of these ink cartridges offered by amazon?
are these hi yeild cartridges?
DELL ink Series 24 R or 21 R for the 715W all-in-one printer
I have a Dell V313W printer and I noticed one of the reviews said this cartridge was not compatible with that printer. Is it? Or isn't it?
i have a dell v515w is it compatible with that printer
Weight capacity?
Would it be a good chair for me to sit at my desk playing games, doing homework, and watching videos? Is it high enough? comfortable typing?
What is the height from the floor to the seat?
Does it recline all the down? Does the ottoman move?
Does anyone know how much the return shipping would be?
Is this real leather, I'm doubting it.
Can I get a replacement cord to plug it into the wall?
is the specifications listed including the back of the chair to the front of the ottoman? or just the chair?
Does this come assembled?
How is the bottom cushion supported? Older versions I've owned had strips of steel and became uncomfortable over time.
Does anyone know if this headset is compatible to use on Blog Talk Radio?
Does this actually have ability for an optional hot-swappable battery? Plantronics spec sheet seems to indicate that is only on the 740/745 models.
Does it work with Skype on the PC
Will this headset work with a mobile phone?
How do I increase the mic volume? There is plenty of volume in the muffs, but people can't hear me.
is it mono or stereo
is it mac compatible
I want to record the audio portion of a presentation to a laptop computer. Will this system work in that application?
What brands of VoiP phones will the Plantronics Savi W720 connect with?
Would I be able to use this out of the box to connect to my Cisco SPA504G?
Does anyone know if this headset is compatible to use on Blog Talk Radio?
Does this actually have ability for an optional hot-swappable battery? Plantronics spec sheet seems to indicate that is only on the 740/745 models.
Does it work with Skype on the PC
Will this headset work with a mobile phone?
How do I increase the mic volume? There is plenty of volume in the muffs, but people can't hear me.
is it mono or stereo
is it mac compatible
I want to record the audio portion of a presentation to a laptop computer. Will this system work in that application?
What brands of VoiP phones will the Plantronics Savi W720 connect with?
Would I be able to use this out of the box to connect to my Cisco SPA504G?
Does anyone know if this headset is compatible to use on Blog Talk Radio?
Does this actually have ability for an optional hot-swappable battery? Plantronics spec sheet seems to indicate that is only on the 740/745 models.
Does it work with Skype on the PC
Will this headset work with a mobile phone?
How do I increase the mic volume? There is plenty of volume in the muffs, but people can't hear me.
is it mono or stereo
is it mac compatible
I want to record the audio portion of a presentation to a laptop computer. Will this system work in that application?
What brands of VoiP phones will the Plantronics Savi W720 connect with?
Would I be able to use this out of the box to connect to my Cisco SPA504G?
The device prints, but I cannot get it to copy. The right side of the display does not respond to the touch. Any way to fix this?
How many pcs &amp; Ipads can print to this printer? How Many Pcs and Ipads can print to this printer?
Can I print photos directly from a WiFi camera or using a home network?
IS THIS A GOOD PRINTER
does it come with ink
Has anyone found a solution to the "won't print in black ink" problem? We tried replacing cartridges (twice!), cleaning &amp; nozzle check, etc. HP tech support charges as it's over 1 yr old. The solution to this question on their support threads is "get...
Where can I find a trouble-shooting guide?
Will this printer allow me to print with the latest iPad with Retina display?
How is the sound quality of the speakerphone?
I'm trying to install the Outlook plug-in, but it is telling me Outlook is not installed. Of course, it is. I'm running Outlook 2013, any ideas?
what is the model number of a compatible extra handset with charging cradle?
Will this phone work w/ 2 separate phone lines w/ their own phone nos. and, if so, can 2 users have different conversations simultaneously?
Do you have to have phone company set-up a hunt group for line roll over?
If the power goes out does the corded phone still work?
Are you required have voicemail through your phone company or does this phone system take care of it for you?
how easily does the conference call feature work on this phone using lines 1 and 2?
Phone does have 2 separate line plug ins? And does the caller ID stay up after you answer the call..existing phone loses it as soon as answered
Does the base have a Headset Jack?
can you transfer a call to the cordless handset if ansered from corded base
Does this phone have a headset jack on the corded base? Or only on the cordless handset.
How is the speakerphone quality on the corded handset handset base?
Does this phone speak the name and number?
WALL MOUNTABLE?
Can I use or plug my existing wired headset into the corded and or cordless phones?
Does this main phone fit on the wall jack
Can I mute the ringer on the base while keeping the handset ringer turned on?
I need 2 more hand sets can I buy them?
For purposes of confidentiality, can I listen to my messages from the handset or, better yet, the headset?
Can I set the answering machine to record only one line?
How does the Panasonic KX-TG9391T and AT&amp;T 86109 compare to this phone? I don't care about outlook feature
I don't care about the Outlook feature. Can I easily set up the phone without using it?
Can you make a conference call with this phone? I do not see a conference button on it.
I own a Uniden DECT4096, which sucks. People can't hear me when I'm on the cordless, and outgoing answering message sound bad. Will this phone solve?
Can you hear people leaving a message on voicemail? If so can you mute it for privacy reasons?
Can you retrieve messages from the handset, or do need to go to the base ?
Any way to get hold music on this phone? Even with a module, how would it connect?
Does this phone have the bluetooth or "link to cell" feature?
Is the headset 2.5mm Jack on both the corded base and cordless phone?
Does it have a light that flashes when there are new messages?
for caller ID identification, can you record who is calling or does the machine announce the caller?
Is this a speaker phone aswell
how do I fix the interval between the rings on the phone? it is too long. It rings on my end once for every 2-3 rings on the person who is calling's end.
Does the base phone still work when there is a power outage, or do you have to hook up another phone that does?
Can you have ringer volume off on base set and on for a handset at same time?
The description says it requires 2 AAA batteries (included)...is that to power the cordless handsets or to power the base? If it is to power the base, what features rely on the battery power? If it is to power the cordless handsets, no worries :)
are different ringtones available?
Does this device have an audio port ?
I plan to use it to laminate card stock. Will that work with this product?
Does it have a light that indicates when it is heated/ready to use?
Is there a jam release button? I was reading but did not find anything that talks about jams and what to do. Thanks
can it do double sided
Does this machine work with other laminator pockets?
Has anybody tried to do a double lamination, 2 layers to make it thicker? Or should I get thicker pockets?
How does the "cold" laminate work ?
Does the tray fold in?
Hello Is this laminator suitable for 220 W and what its power?
Just got mine today, I let it heat up, but no matter how many times I pass the document through the edges aren't sealing, Ideas?
I am unable to personalize the checks on this site. Does the company call you for the details. once you place the order?
Can these be printed on a laser printer?
Can these be printed on a regular inkjet printer?
Do they have lines on them?
can these be printed with 2 signature lines?
Can I order these with a gold background?
Do these work with quickbooks online?
numbering on reorders
what size are they
are these compatible with checkmark payroll software?
Do these have a magnetic strip or can a butterfly pouch be laminated that contains a strip on them? If they must be laminated in, how bad does it look?
Will this work with the Epson XP 600?
Does anyone know if this will work in a Canon Pixma Pro-100? It comes with a very similar looking CD tray.
You can print to the same printer that prints plastic cards ?
This is for epson l800 and the software where i can find?
Did the pvc card smear after you printed ?
Do you know if this will work with an Epson NX420 Printer?
Are these pvc cards double sided for printing on both sides?
How do we design the cards? Is there software for this?
Can this work with any epson printer? I have a Stylus Photo 1400 I'd like to try it with.
can you tell me how wide the portion where it fits over to hook? By bike has a wide monitor that it needs to fit over.
Does this fit a Schwinn Airdyne?
will it fit proform treadmills?
Will this fit on a spin bike?
will this fit over a stairmaster 4000pt?
will it fit on schwinn spin bike ?
What type of desk surfaces can this mat be safely used on?
Would it be reasonable to cut grommet holes in this? I have the necessary hole saws and such, but different materials react differently to being cut&acirc;&#128;&brvbar;
I need to protect a "C" shaped table so need to cut curved lines. Is this easy enough to cut if lines are not straight?
does this protector move easily? do i need to use tape to ensure it stays exactly in place?
Why is it so slippery? I am using it on a wood finish and it slides easily. Does it have a backing that I have to take off?
can this cover but cut to fit the size of your desk?
My bowed desk is 36" deep. It narrows into 28" on the sides. So I would have to make a 72" half circle. Is that possible?
I have this desks respectively (59x29 1/2) and (78 3/4 x 23 5/8) anyone have this same tables? or exact size and did this product worked?Pls reply=)
I would like to cover the vacant space between the desk and wall. Is this protector sturdy enough to cover that space and remain ridged or would it start to fold under toward the floor b/c it is thin?
Does a lazer mouse trac on it ok, or does it refract the light and make it skip etc.?
does anyone know compatibility issues? usb 2.0. 3.0, xp vista win7 win 8, etc ????
can a document be more than 1 page?
can I scan business cards and save to xcell?
Will this plug into my iPhone 5 or iPad
How wide is the keyboard tray?
How much of the 12" keyboard depth is usable when it's fully extended? I'd like to use it as a platform for a new laptop.
Can the bottom two drawers be combined to make a hanging file drawer? what r the dims of drawers, so I can assess if doable.
can the drawer bank be switched from left to right side?
Being around 5'9"-5'10", is the back high enough for me to rest my head on it?
Does anyone know the differences between this model 7818 ($239) and model 7821 ($269)?
Is the protection plan worth it?
Hi is this chair hard to put together
Can this be used as a office chair at a desk. what is the height from floor to seat?
is it real leather...or bonded leather
Can anyone tell me the measurement of the distance from the top of the arm rests to the floor?
What is the size of the shipping box?
Some are saying it's too low, but some are also trying to use it with a desk.. Just how low is this chair? Any chance of a height measurement? Thanks
How far back does it recline? Also does it rock back and forth?
My chair, BT 7818, broke off at the base after only 2-1/2 months of use. Is there a way to reattach the bolt anchors on the base? It's splintered.
does chair seat and back adjust positions for back and forward and how many, thus how comfortable for long sitting
What is the inside diamiter of the round base of the chair
does this recliner massage?
what is height from base to top of seat cushion?
weight limit
Real leather - bonded - pleather? Thanks
How far back does the chair recline? Does it go to a 45 degree angle?
How large of a man can use this chair? Do weight restrictions apply? Can it hold 400lbs?
I can write small, lol. Just need to know id the blank area squares are about 1x1 space? I think this is similar to what I order for my company last
Is it eligible for free shipping if ordered along with other items?
What size is the calendar
your ad shows $4.61 shipping per $5.95 desktop calendar -- I want to order 18 -- can I get a shipping break? -
Easel desktop calendar, importance is room to write note to self, in each square. Assuming each square is 1x1, yes? I need a few of them.
How do I set it up for a wireless connection?
My Kodak hero 5.1 is junk not fit for purpose. Gets through ink at a ridiculous rate hows yours?
My Kodak Hero 5.1 is printing blank pages even after replacing the cartridges and the print head. What now?
Is it the best color printer on the market?
hero 5. 1 print loose check cartridges i have checked these still not working
I have a kodak hero 3.1 Can't print black, only color. can it be repaired or junked?
why will i not get a printed copy even though it has ink and goes thru all the motions of printing but comes out blank
looking for printer with front loading of paper
where is the paper feed thru? looking for a front loading of paper. can you help?
does it scan ? can it print both sides in color
Can it print a 4 x 6 card? How about envelope feeding? How many envelopes can be loaded at a time?
What's the MINIMUM size paper the printer will handle?
Two questions: 1) is the printing fine enough to print machine readable barcodes? 2) can I print files directly from a memory stick (i.e. no pc)
Does this product ship with black and color toner cartridges?
does it feed face up or face down?
if it is attached to another landline in my apartment and I answer incoming calls or make calls on another landline, will it record both sides of con
does this have an off switch for phone calls you don't want recorded?
how do I change the tape I don't see an eject button to open it
can the phone call be stored and transferred for later use?
analog? Does this mean if you have digital phone such as Vonage, this system will not work with it?
Can I record from another telephone but with the same line?
How many min. of recording time?
Will this work with an iPhone 5?
Does this work with Microsoft Lync?
Will it work with Cisco 7962 ip phone?
does it have a case
kindly send me the part number for the plantronics. is it 83545-12?
Will this work with iPhone 6?
Anyone else have issues with using BT? It allows me to use it once. Then the next time I can hear the call start but just silence.
Can you tell me which additional Polycom cable I need to buy for this to do answer a call from the headset while the user is away from the desk?
Plantronics says "easily switch and mix audio" I need mix part, I need to hear the caller on the landline and hear the computer at the same time
We have 3 line that come into the business, will it answer more that one line?
3rd party ink: How many of you have been successful with 3rd party cartridges?
Also, up to what paper weight does this work for? I'm looking for something that works on 110 lb+.
Can this printer print custom size papers? Can it print on a light card stock? I need to be able to rear feed the notecards.
Can it feed from the back? I often use think photo paper.
How do I load photo paper from the back instead of using the paper tray?
How do I calibrate this printer to match my monitor? I use huey pro.. the color/contrast on my prints I'm getting are nowhere near what monitor shows
large black ink cartridge is out and printer will not use the small black cartridge
states good on macs up to 10.6 but I have mountain lion 10.8..will this printer work for me?
does the paper/card stock load from above and feed direct? how man sheets can you run?
Where is the scanner located?
is MG8220 compatible with Apple computer?
Can you scan 4x5 negatives with this?
Does this print card stock? Or, are there paper jams?
what kind of ink does it use
Does it have a usb port to connect camera directly to printer
Does the Pixma mg8220 have a card slot so I can print pictures from my digital camera?
I want to scan pic to my computer wirlessly, will this printer do that
There are no ink bundles available that include the Gray 226 cartridge. Does this printer NEED the gray ink cartridges to function?
Does the unit also scan A4 docs and colour prints?
Making prints out of HD video: Does anybody know how to make prints out of hd video?
Zebra LP2824P compatible?
will this work with dymo label makers?
How sticky is the adhesive on this label? I am planning on using it to label HDPE bottles.
Has anyone used these on envelopes? I'm needing something that removes easily so I can throw it away and replace on the same envelope over and over.
can i use this labels with "Zebra GK420d"?
wil these work on a brother ql-550
is this label compatible with gc420t
will it work on DYMO LABELWRITER 450 Label Printer,
I want to use for Amazon FBA on a Zebra LP2844, but in the Shipping Queue I can only print out labels on full pages. How do you format for LP2844?
Can I use this with Zebra GC420d
Are the magnets strong enough (rare earth) to stick to glass whiteboards?
Do these markers work on dry erase boards that are black or white dry erase boards only?
Are the dry erase markers fine point (as in the pic) or medium point (as in the description)?
do these markers wash out of clothing?
Do these write on black vinyl as for labels?
How many inches long are these markers?
is this non-toxic? i don't see the AP sign.
Will these write on a black dry-erase board? ...or does that require wet-erase markers or NEON dry-erase markers only?
Can you cut these in a laser cutter?
Are these opaque-white or transparent when you peel off the back?
Can you use these on a laser printer?
I want to make name labels for a non-magnetic whiteboard calendar. Could I print multiple name labels, cut them up, and have people re-use them?
is the adhesive on the front side?
Will the ink wash out after being printed on?
how do i move the ink cartidge tray on epson sx425 to replace ink please i cant fig out
does it fax?
I have epson stylus nx430, but I can't connect with my computer. I don't know if It has a cable to connect with computer
does this printer have an OCR Driver
The printer is working okay for b &amp; w. I haven't tried it for color. When I scan art work from a graphics art program, it has a blue tint. ??
how is it on ink?
It takes almost 5 minutes to print 1 copy. What am I doing wrong?
how heavy is it
I can not get this printer to print text. help
How does this printer work with the Acer Google Chromebook?
some of my crysttals have fallen off,may I get a replacement lanyard
I want to buy (2) Clear Rhinestone Crystal Lanyard ID Badge Key Card Holder. Am I charged shipping one time only?
What is length. If I order 5 crystal lanyard what will mt shipping be?
Please could you advice whether this handset comes with 220v charger? or it comes with just non-rechargeable batteries and just a support?
Is this phone compatable with Gigaset DX800A?
Is this gigaset compatible with c300a?
is this phone compatible with Gigaset SL785
Is this handset compatable with the Gigaset S675 IP?
Can this phone be connected to a Gigaset 610A?
Does this handset have hands free feature?
Do you need a base station for this phone to work?
will the C610H work with the A510IP?
Can they print a colored logo. Ours is red and black. If not, has anyone used the watermark logo?
Will these work with MS Money?
Can I use these checks on an ink jet printer?
What envelopes should be used with these checks???
Can these be printed with 2 signature lines and marked "2 signatures required"?
can I fill them out with handwriting, for example when I'm traveling?
Do these come in green through Amazon as well?
Can I have a photograph printed in the background of a check?
what about the paper quality/thickness?
New to comp-checks. They say print logo free, i thought theses are just blank and quickbooks prints everything?
Does it work with Mac?
I have another skype VoIP Phone adapter but when I updated to windows 7 it was incompatible. Does anyone know if this works with windows 7?
Is this product still compatible with Skype? A lot of reviews say it does not work any more.
My phone provider give me free local &amp; national calls. If I use this adapter, will I be able to choose between Skype and my normal provider?
Can you use this to connect a regular teleophone (without phone service) to Skype?
Can this be used to make local as well as long distance calls? Also, if you get rid of the landline- can you access the 911 system?
Does it work both ways ? I mean can I make &amp; receive calls from Skype to the Landline ?
Does adapter still work after the latest skype updates? Most recent answers are now outdated.
Can I use two of these devices (in different houses) on one Skype account?
can it be used with digital phones
how much weight will it hold?
Ours came today. The wood has little nail like holes in a variety of places. Is that what distressed means or is this a defect?
How tall is the space between the shelf at the bottom and the iron rails below the drawers? Could a banker's box fit on the shelf? Thanks!
How tall is the wood part of the table without the metal legs? I want to use this part to elevate my TV on it's stand.
Will this hold an old style counter top microwave? It is somewhat heavy
Does anyone know if the photo's for artisan 837 come out better with the standard or the high capacily ink?
Does this printer accept 3rd party ink cartridges?
If you have Comcast digital voice, can you send and receive faxes?
Does it have a paper tray to hold paper, or does it only feed them as you print? What is the tray capacity for standard 8.5 x11?
Can I use Sublimation ink in this printer for heat transfer?
Does the document feeder lift up allowing you to scan things to thick to run through the feed on the flat bed?
The Epson software has a pull down menu for Document Type. It shows either "Document" or "Film". Does this mean I can scan negatives and slides?
If you own it, does it print photos well on plain paper? Are blacks jet black? Need to print photos on plain paper for craft projects. Thanks.
how to change the ink
Hi. Does this printer handle card stock? Thanks.
is it true that you can't use 3rd party ink anymore in Epson machines? Anyone else have the problem?
We print to card stock thick papare for our cards. Does this printer use this thickness of paper without jamming?
Is it compatable with Windows 8?
Does it print on CD's and DVD's?
Can I use this printer to print window decals? Right now it is not recognizing the paper.
I have this printer and when I print picture's from my Acer laptop the colors is always off. What I can do to get the colors the same on both devices?
i have a project where I need 250 4X6 photos in 3 hours. Can I get by with just this one printer?
Can i print with this printer pvc cards?
does it print on DVD
how do I switch from COPY to PRINT?
Does it work on a Mac OS X
Unlike similar converters, the product doesn't seem to have a preview screen. Is it hidden or does it simply not have one?
Will this item copy old slides from the mid sixties. I have several slides that my grandmother took when she traveld around the world.
Is this compatible with Windows 8? I didn't see it listed.
What software comes with this unit, particularly for the Mac? Also, who is the mfr? I'd like to know where to direct support questions.
Is it possible to scan 120 negatives with this device?
Just got this scanner and the included disk is blank. where can I download the software that works with this usb scanner?
Does this scanner work on Windows 7? Do I need a USB 2.0
Any chance this will work with Linux?
Does this work with Windows 7 64bit?
Does it work with windows 8?
Can this printer be powered with the computer's USB port? To eliminate the power cord.
can i used this thermal printer wirh windows 8?
Is this compatible with a square reader?
Does a Generic driver let this printer work with CUPS on linux?
Will this work with an iPad and paypal swiper? How...
I am using Paypal Here on my android phone. Can I use this printer to print a receipt wirelessly ?
Does this wotk on a Android tablet
does this have a power cable ? i ask because there is a battery 1 12volt for it?
Does it come in any other colors?
I really like outside look, but there aren't any inside photos available.. does anyone have any photos of the inside they would like to provide me?
will it hold credit cards?
What are the dimensions of the plastic slots?
What are the dimensions of each pocket
I really think you need images of the inside to illustrate how the file works. That is the only thing holding me back from making this purchase.
Does it hold 96 cards when you place 1 card in each slot or 2 cards? Can you double the amount to 192 cards by placing 2 cards in each slot?
Does this have a-z tabs like the other rolodex holders?
Is this red or pink?
What is the outside material?
Your Advertisement on AMAZON says "With Power Supply" So is the power supply included or not - if not please change your information as it is mis-lead
Does this device have a valid device certificate installed?
Will this phone work with uverse voice?
Can this phone be used with a regular landline?
will this phone work with ring central system?
Will this work in tandem with a Polycom 300? There are times I need to pick up a handset. IP phone service.
Does this phone have Speakerphone? It's not visible in the photo.
Has anyone used this with Ringcentral? Did it work?
Is this phone an unlocked phone to be used with any provider?
Does this phone come with a power supply?
Can I get a small sample to test? I plan to use the product over our old whiteboards which are at end of life.
Sooo, has anyone tried to take one of these down and move it? Did it come down okay (no damage to wall)? Did it go back up okay (still adhered)? Thx!
How is this different from a Gowrite Dry Erase roll which costs ~$20?
What's the "flame spread index" (ie the fire rating) of this product?
Having some issues with wrinkles when sticking it on a piece of wood that i have drilled on a wall, can i use hair dryer to smooth them out?
Does it work on textured walls?
Can you cut it to smaller pieces? How well does it erase?
do the "cards" open up or are they flat one-sided cards? I'm not looking for anything that opens up.
Where is it the envelop opening? on the short or on the long side? Is it possible to see some single photo (cards and envelops)? Thanks.
Is the envelope flap rectangular or triangular? Sorry, didn't know how else to word it.
Can you ship these to Hawaii?
Can these be printed on with an inject printer?
Is the card stock actually the brownish color shown, or are they a white color?
are the envelopes the same material as the cards
what color are the cards
How much of this product is recycled? 100%?
Is this the 8469101 model?
Can this headsetp work with a cordless phone?
Is this compatible with a 4-line (corded) desk phone?
Is this compatible with a 4-line (corded) desk phone?
Can you change the side of the ear piece?
With this headset, is it possible to transfer calls with it? If I am answering the phone and then I want to transfer it to another extension?
Can this connect to a 2.5mm headphone jack on a standard desk phone or does it only work with the handset cable?
Will this connect to a computer (desktop)?
Does this product work with a Starplus STS phone?
Will this product work with a Cisco IP Phone SP52G?
Is this the 8469101 model?
Can this headsetp work with a cordless phone?
Is this compatible with a 4-line (corded) desk phone?
Is this compatible with a 4-line (corded) desk phone?
Can you change the side of the ear piece?
With this headset, is it possible to transfer calls with it? If I am answering the phone and then I want to transfer it to another extension?
Can this connect to a 2.5mm headphone jack on a standard desk phone or does it only work with the handset cable?
Will this connect to a computer (desktop)?
Does this product work with a Starplus STS phone?
Will this product work with a Cisco IP Phone SP52G?
Is this the 8469101 model?
Can this headsetp work with a cordless phone?
Is this compatible with a 4-line (corded) desk phone?
Is this compatible with a 4-line (corded) desk phone?
Can you change the side of the ear piece?
With this headset, is it possible to transfer calls with it? If I am answering the phone and then I want to transfer it to another extension?
Can this connect to a 2.5mm headphone jack on a standard desk phone or does it only work with the handset cable?
Will this connect to a computer (desktop)?
Does this product work with a Starplus STS phone?
Will this product work with a Cisco IP Phone SP52G?
when do you chose options on color and name to be engraved?
Are the name plates all the same size
How is the military clutch back attached? Are the pins welded on or is the pin part just stuck on?
can I order four name tags with two different names to be engraved on them?
Seargeant R. Wolverton is what I would like on the plate I would also like above that to be a minnie BEA AGENT logo I am certified w/presidential pin
Can the letters be in royal blue
Does this camera work well in low light?
What software is used to monitor and how many cameras supported? Is software included?
What is warranty and who services out of warranty on this camera?
Is this part Compatible with Xerox Workcenter 6505?
Is this compatible with the Phaser 6130?
Will this part work for a xerox phaser 6500?
Is this part is NEW genuine Xerox spare part? Does it come on Original packing?
What are the dimension?
Are they all the same color?
Quantity: What is the quantity of this item?
What is height at back of stand: 1) At max. height (tilted forward)? 2) when level? 3) When tilted back (before laptop slides &amp; screen not blocked)?
does it fit on your lap??
Will a 15" Lenovo laptop work plus its dock fit fine atop this?
When the back edge of the laptop is raised as high as possible, what is the distance from the tabletop to the bottom back edge of the laptop?
Does the "lip" that holds the laptop from sliding off have any type of cushion or padding? I'm worried about scratching my new laptop.
What does the stand actually weigh?
Does this unit fold up flat when not in use?
Will this hold a 20 inch laptop
What is the distance inside between the two legs/stands? I want to fit my 13.5" laptop underneath and place a monitor on top.
Help! Just got the stand &amp; it's lovely, but now my laptop is too high. I don't want to send it back. What else can I use it for? Suggestions pls?
Anybody have an issue with ink leakage (specifically the yellow ink) within the machine a little left of the centerline?
Printer started spitting out 20 blank sheets at the same time as the one page that's being printed. Anyone know what's wrong?
13" wide paper?
Where is the paper loaded and how many sheets does it hold
color printing quality
CONNECTING DROID TO PRINTER
Has Epson fixed the leaking ink issue?
does this printer print cardstock
does it print black and white if color cartridge is empty
WHY are there SO many people who seem to be getting screwed by Epson with regards to breakdowns and a "leaking yellow ink" problem - there are SCADS!!
does it have automatic duplex scanning?
how to print brochures and Christmas cards
Does it print legal documents?
his printer will be adapted continuous ink system?
if i print barcodes, the scaner could read it? it has two paper trays, i can put one size paper in one tray and other size e in the other?
good morning I buy that computer more than 4 months or so living in Venezuela ago and I get more than 15 days ago and let me know as I do with the guarantee aya that my me is presenting fails printing ie no fine prints colors and cartridges are good...
Can the auto-feeder on this printer scan 4x6 images? On most printers, 5x7 is the smallest the auto-feeder will scan...
negatives
1) Will it work with 220v power supply?; 2) Does it come with international warranty??
Does this work with Windows 8?
won't print jobs just sit in the cue and say error printing. I am using word and notepad any ideas what program i can use to print reciepts
Does anyone know, can you print with MS Word with this printer? I just need to print some reciepts which i lost
will this printer work with the square stand?
Can I use this model thermal printer for my Casio TE 2400 cash register external printer needs?
Where I can download this POS printer driver for windows 8?
Is there any way to make this compatible with a MAC??
work on Mac?
i lost the driver, can i down loud a free one
how do you replace the ink on this and can it use 2.25in by 165ft rolls
I don't understand how you print these things-I don't have the specific label in my printer's options. Mine printed crooked :(
If I wait the proper time for the glossy labels to dry, would they still smudge if someone touched the label with wet hands? Thanks!
Could I stamp a design on them, just a regular stamp with ink?
What kind of ink do you use, regular ink or photo ink?
I want to use these for sticker awards for kids... do they harm fabric when worn for a day?
do you know what size label fits on a one ounce jar?
Creating custom hockey pucks for friends wedding. Will be using LaserJet and wondering how well they stick to hard rubber?
I know Avery has their web site to help with this, but I am wondering how the printing works? Do you make 1 graphic and place it where the circles are
I have a label making program that doesn't have this avery no. in it's file (old program,but works great) could you tell what size the stickers are?
How easy are these labels to remove?
Another removal question - has anyone tried removing from PLASTIC beer bottles? Would like to resuse the beer bottles if possible. Thx!
Assuming this is 90 labels (10 sheets) and not 90 sheets?
can i use a inkjet printer with these labels?
My laser color printer made stripes of color across the label ,I guess because of the texture. What can I do to keep this from happening?
Do you have this product for inkjet printer?
I wanted to put a different title on each label but can't figure out how to do it. Or how to get these INTO Microsoft word like other labels. Help!
Are these water resistant (waterproof) type?
How many columns, labels to a page?
Do these work well with laserjet printers? Other labels I've used say Inkjet/Laser and fail miserably in my laser printer.
Can you write on these labels with colored pencils?
Unfortunately, the title says permanent. I am actually wondering if somebody has tried to remove the label after it's been placed?
Are these a glossy or matte finish?
$25.99 &amp; Free Shipping for 1 set (8 pieces) of the Epson 159 inks ?
Are the cartridges full of the actual Epson brand ink that they sell for 21.00+ for each color?
What is the expiration date on these?
how many 4x6 photos can I print whit a complet set of 8 color o R2000??
will these ink cartridges work on the Epson r1900?
Do I need to buy a blotter to fit into this desk pad, or does it come with one? Thank you.
What is the underside made of? Is it slip resistant? Soft? Thanks.
Is this 'all' Chocolate colored? The picture looks like pad is black or gray?
How wide are the sides? I'm trying to get an exact measurement so I can figure out the exact size of the calendar that I will want to insert. Thanks.
Are the sides of this blotter open (pockets)?
Does this blotter have foam backing? I've been reading that foam backing can eventually stick to the desk and ruin the finish. Thanks!
Sorry for another question - I'm new to blotters. Exactly what size desk calendar will fit so that the sides aren't blocked by the side pockets?
Mouse use: Will Padded pebble-grained side panel edge (from grey to red) interfere with mouse moving in that area?
What color is the blotter itself? Is it gray or black or brown? (or something else?)
What paper can you order that fits this?
How well does it work for paperback books?
Would it fold flat enough to fit into a backpack?
is it easy to turn the pages?
What is the biggest text that can be held by the stand? I have a 900 page DSM text
Would this hold a 2700 page pharmacotherapy text book with the base being able to support the book.
how would this work for holding a book to read sitting up in bed?
What shade of green is it in person? In the picture it looks turquoise.
how well are the pages held back when the stand is in the most upright position?
does this work for nook
I have a paperback book that's 6" wide when closed and 1 3/8" thick. Will this stand work alright for it?
Will it scan standard size receipts, business cards, greeting cards? Is the software user friendly?
does it scan double sided simultaneously?
does it have wireless capability?
Does this work with mac 10.9
Does outgoing paper interfere with incoming - particularly with legal size when using the u shape? I saw a video of what appeared to be legal size paper running through, and as each sheet came out it caught on the stack waiting to go through. The...
does this scan color?
is it network capable?
How many 8.5 x 11 pages will the memory hold?
Does it get it power from the USB Port
Does this work well with Google Drive?
is it compatable with the dell inspiron.? I have Windown7.
what is the different between Epson 845 &amp; the Epson workforce 3540 The Epson Workforce 3540 is the newer version but i don't see anything different
Print even if one cartidge is low: Can you still print even if one of the cartidges is empty?
I need to rid my home office of as much paper as possible...I'd rathder not buy a dedicated document scanner. How is this for receipts, cards etc?
What Mac OS system can it work with? I have 10.9.3...
Is it a regular fax or efax?
I have tried everything to get this unit to scan to others computer. And cannot get the streaks off of copies even after I have done all the cleanup methods. Anyone had this problem?
can you scan to computer wirelessly?
How does the 845 handle envelope printing? One at a time or can you feed a small stack of envelopes? Do they come out wrinkled?
Changed the printer cartridge but still says needs print cartridge. how do I access the cartridges when they are full and do not need changing?
Is USB cable necessary?
Is it compatible with Mircrosoft Windows Vista 7
need multi page feed for faxing and scanning, is this the right pick?
I am having a prob with the ADF. The printer keeps asking me to put the document on the glass instead. Any suggestions on how to fix this?
compatible with windows 8
does it print two-sided?
I am getting a line down the middle of the page when I print from the ADF....any suggestions how to stop this?
Scanning extremely slow?? Disable wireless and use ethernet cable...there may be a conflict between wifi and ethernet if you're using both.
how do I set up the wifi?
does it print on legal size paper?
how do I get my ink levels to show
How do I check my ink levels
Two-sided printing with iMac? Does anyone know if this language means that it will not print double sided pages with a mac, or if this was more of a suggestive than declarative statement?
does this unit work on the cloud for printing? i have a Samsung Chromeboo
Epsom workforce 645 wireless faxing
Is therre a way to print even when a non-black cartridge is empty?
I keep getting blue lines all over my prints. I opened the lid took out all cartages and everything looks clean, even the foam pad. Any ideas, Help?
Whats the highest number of stock paper this printer can feed and print with no issues?
what address/upc label software for PCs does this use? does it print labels well? thanks.
Can wireless scanning be performed with this device (i.e., scan a document wirelessly to a laptop, tablet, smartphone)?
Is this tall enough to stand while using a laptop?
What are the dimensions of the table top of this desk?
what is the maximum height of this product with the legs fully extended? Do leges need to be fully extended, or are there various height settings?
can this table support a portable projector?
Can you adjust the width of this desk? what is the minimum and maximum width?
I want to know about the achievable maximum height with this product?
Can the can &amp; phone holders be moved to the right side and what type of top does it have? Non-skid or just plain plastic?
what is the weight limit this table can sustain ?
Does this also have a document holder like the original Tabletote has?
what is the weight limit this table can sustain ?
Does it work with a Macintosh?
Does the item comes with a calibration certificate?
Does the scanner come with a USB cable?
Do the wheels lock?
I have an old television with the big back that I want to place on this to be used during meetings. Will this stand handle the weight
What is the weight capacity?
what are the measurements for this cart?
Does this printer work with a Mac Mini OS 10.8.2?
is this printer also a copier?? I bought it and can't figure out how to do that???
Is it a scanner
How does this printing handles envelope printing?
What is maximum size paper?
Are you able to print on vinyl and heavy weight card stock?
will this printer work if it runs out of color (ie will it print black and white independently of color ink levels?)
goodnight friend by chance that printer brings the cartridges refillable
Will the 4020 run under Win 8.1?
I have a problem with mine..all lights keep on blinking and I've tried to restart the printer, in addition to installing new ink. Is there a solution?
It is now Feb 2014 has this printer been fixed? I had a 901 and replaced the head twice and printer twice within 2 weeks. Finally, Lexmark is sending me a new 915. I asked for one of their laser models with no luck. Hoping the 915 is finally fixed. I...
What do I need to do to fax from Pro 915?
Do you have problems with the lexmark pro915 scanning photos?
After printing an evelope, I can't get back to letter printing. Can I download a manual?
How can I print out photos on this printer using glossy photo paper ?
Does this use USB plug to your PC so I can start to dial in and recieve calls with my VOIP account?
Does this model support paging/intercom?
is the AC power supply included? I need to buy 35 phones
I will need about 60 after testing the samples. How long will delivery take? do you have them in stock?
I need buy 40 phones you can increase the quantity?
I dont know if I'm missing something. . .I'd like to be able to plug a phone (system) into my home router and make/receive phone calls. Will this product do that?
Does the wallet have a cash area or is it just for cards, Id and badge?
Does the cash have to be folded or is it straight in the wallet? My husband is picky :/
What types of badges fit in this wallet? Im not exactly sure what brand of badge I have as a firefighter.
Does the wallet have a cash area or is it just for cards, Id and badge?
When I use a 3/4" tape, the font size is exactly the same as using a 1/2" tape. How can I change that?
does this come with the first roll of tape or will I need to purchase some?
Can you change tapes mid-cartridge?
Does the tape stick in low-temperature (freezer) conditions?
Can I use this machine to print fabric labels?
How small are the margins? My current labeler has .5" margins which causes me to have to cut both sides after every label. This is driving me to purchase a new labeler. I see they advertise small margins, but I would like to know how small. Thank you...
There are so many tapes! What is best to purchase for the next tape needed?
Does the printer print only one line of text, or can you have multiple lines of text?
is it battery operated only?
Do you have to use Epson Label Tape, or can you use other brands like Brother or Dymo?
What is a valu pack
are these empty or full cartridges?
will this work in my Canon imageCLASS MF8580Cdw ?
How many cartridges contains this value pack?
how many cartridges in value pak?
How many toners included in this items? 1 customer review said one but your product description says 2.
Does this chair have vibration or roller massage?
does it have instructions to put it together?
Does it have a battery?
Are you sure this is heated? I can't find anywhere where it says it is.
What is the default DPI setting for photographs and can it be changed to a higher DPI setting? Can the feeder handle photos?
Can it accomodate 11x17 documents
does the feeder come off for packing in your suitcase?
photo scanning?
Is this device network ready? If not, how can it be adapted?
Need to know the packing weight and dimension to derive the freight charges to Singapore, thanks!
Hello &amp; Good day, Please what is the AC input Power rating for the M160? Is it rated 100-220V AC 50/60Hz?
Does the M160 have the same issues as the M140 with drivers?
Does this computer come with a cable to connect to your computer. I do not have wireless capability
I do not have a wireless card in my computer therefore no wireless capability. Can you use this printer with a cable connection to your computer?
Why are all the bad reviews from people with (1) total reviews?
I do not have a wireless card in my computer therefore no wireless capability. Can you use this printer with a cable connection to your computer?
WILL NOT PRINT BLACK, IS IT FROM THE PRINTHEAD?
Do these markers work well on wool blend felt sheets? I'm making a felt story board for my son and want to add some detail
How well do these work on a rougher fabric, like the canvas in tote bags you can get in craft stores?
Would these markers be OK to use to cover a few small Bleach spots on Blue Jeans?
Would these be safe to use on baby clothes. Like onesies?
How well do the colors hold up after being washed in a washing machine?
Can these be used on needlepoint canvas? Will the color rub off?
Will these work on polyester pillowcases?
Do these marker work well on T-shirt fabric?
Would you prefer these or the 30 pack? Do they have the same colors? I know the 30 pack colors repeat.
Would it work on an android with a usb port?
Does it work with all operating systems? Our business currently is using windows 8 pro
can this scan QR barcodes?
The item says black, but the picture is white. Does this come delivered in black?
Does this work with a Mac?
Does this come with cord and stand?
where can I get a power cord for this machine
The print head is jammed all the way to the left and won't budge, how can unjam it?
what king of ink an #
does it print on both sides
Is this scanner WIFI
what is the actual inside dimentions width length hight? amazon has several.
can the files be put in without a hanging folder? I have very beautiful file folders that I would like to see.
Do the hangers for the files come with this?
What size hanging folders fit this box? I want to order the correct ones when ordering this... Please any info would be appreciated. TY.
how can it accomodate letter and legal, i thought it was two different sizes?
How many files will the letter size hold?
Please clarify the dimensions. I need exact length, width, &amp; height to see if they will fit on our shelves.
Are there no hand grip holes (slots) on either side of the box, for easy lifting?
will it fax?
Is it compatible with Mac notebook?
IS THIS PRINTER COMPATIBLE WITH A MAC?
IS THIS PRINTER COMPATIBLE WITH A MAC
What size photos does it print?
Is this printer compatible with Windows 7 and Windows 8?
Which Kodak printer would you say would be the best for photo printing ?
Can it automatically copy a multi page document
how can i get to use more then half the ink before it shut done replacing ink cartrige less then 100 pages
printer won't print black ink even though there's ink in the cartridge.
can the 10 ink work in the c315 printer? (normally it takes 30 series ink)?
is this compatible with windows 8?
My black and white photos are printing blue and white???
how do i fix my kodak office hero 6.1 from contantly rebooting?
Is this printer compatable with windows 8?
I'm confused on the ink cartridges. If one needs to be replaced, say the color, do you have to replace both black and color, even if the black still has ink?
my color ink cartridge ran out of ink, but my black ink is still full. how can i get the printer to just print in black.
does this printer use legal size paper
Power light is on, LED remains off, access door open print head remains parked. Kodak service code: PA02. Kodak can't help. Any suggestions ?
why does my Kodak 6.1 office hero print blank pages
is this compatible with mac computers
I just moved and I can't find the cords to my printer where can I find the cords
Printer says ink cartridges and printhead jam. Cannot get them to move. Kodak wants to sell me a used printer. How can I get the one I have repaire
does this printer do double sided printing and copying?
Can you refill the ink cartridges yourself?
can you use a usb cable
does it come with ink?
Is there a difference in the quality and speed of the printing compared to the mfc-j825 model?
highest scanner resolution?
high scanner resolution?
where can I find the firmware update for cloud printing? I used to be able to cloud print just fine - and suddenly it just stopped. I have updated some firmware - but still can't print. Any suggestions??
how is ink consumption?
Does it print nice quality pictures on photo paper?
If one color cartridge is empty will the printer still print black?
Where is paper feeder?
can you hook this up to usb cable instead of wireless
must it be wireless? Will this unit function via a USB connector to my computer?
usb hoock up for direct (no) wirless: what are you talking about with usb port,inside/outside of what?
is this printer hard to set up using the wireless setup
Do I need Ethernet cable to hook this up wirelessly?
Does this printer come with ink cartridges?
is this compatible with windows 8
Ink absorber nearly full error messages.
Anyone printed direct to CD/DVD? Has anyone used this printer to print DIRECT onto CD/DVDs?
is it compatable with windows 8
pulling 2-3 pages at once?
I bought this printer based on all these good reviews but my printer is hell on Earth. It jams paper absolutely every time I print a document.
self-cleaning ink daily? jams constantly? not detecting the new ink cartridge? this is the reason I'm looking for a new printer now
My printer keeps tellingme "wrong paper format" every 40-50 page I print.I have to take the tray out and put it back in+reset in order to make itwork
This printer has so-called Auto Duplex, but the User Guide says that 2-sided originals have to be placed on the glass. True?
please rate the photo quality
CAN IT PRINT DVD'S &amp; CD'S?
Does it enlarge/reduce documents? Does the MFCJ825DW do that?
Could I use this for paperwork? Mail, etc. Is it a solid surface between each drawer? Would it hold files in it?
How deep are the drawers??
What supports the drawers underneath each one?looks as though there is nothing under them, &amp; not attached to anything, like baskets u pull in &amp; out?
what are the dimentions for the very top shelf?
how much weight can the top hold? I want to keep my karaoke machine on top
What are the outside dimensions of one the drawers (width, depth, height)?
Do the wheels come out if the unit is carried? for example up a flight of stairs?
As far as dimensions, I know my printer will fit perfectly on top of this unit. Will it safely and with good stability hold 22 lbs +/-?
Would this be good to store clothes, just like regular dresser drawers?
Are the wheels removable?
Can it be used on ink jet printer?
when and how do the routing numbers get printed
I recently ordered checks from vista print. Not the same paper as QBooks. Not as thick. How do these computer checks compare?
What colors are available for the Quickbooks checks?
Are these checks compatible with Envelope size #9 with the double-window?
Any problems with Quicken Deluxe 2015 for Windows? I can no longer use Checksoft to print my own checks since upgrading from Quicken 2012.
does this check have a place that prints the vendors address so you can put the check in a window envelope?
Do I have to have a landline or can I just use this phone for skype (wihtout any landline)?
Replacement battery part number, SKU or other information needed. How do I order a replacement battery?
Does this phone support skype usernames with special characters like "." in them?
WARRANTY
does this phone work with 64bit win 7/8.1
how to connect it to skype? it seems very difficult to do it
can i call to regular landlines in mexico?
I need an 6.0 dect skype phone adapter. (the phone charger) do you have one?
Use this set for an additional handset? Has anyone tried this?
Does this phone use a worldwide 110/220V power? Does this phone use a worldwide 110/220V power i.e. can I buy this phone for use anywhere in the world without the need for power adapters?
Can this pen be ordered with a Fine or ExtraFine nib instead of a Medium nib?
What kind of ink do I use?
I bought this pen and I love it, but I can't seem to get the ink to flow (did buy Jinhao ink cartridge for compatibility).
I bought the Jinhao cartridges for this pen. It clicked into place, but there is no ink flow. Is there more to it?
this thing sucks -- can't get the cartridges to fit into the pen - useless any help??
Can I get an instruction manual? I have no idea how to fill it!
What is the nib size? Medium? Fine?
Hello, I bought one of these pens and it is beautiful. Unfortunately, it doesn't want to work right. Can get ink flow, but stops constantly.. nib??
Would like to buy more converters but don't know what brand? Recommendations please. Thanks
is there ink in the pen
dose it work like a normal pen you push it down and it comes out or do you half to use a ink pot thing
Which type of ink cartridges does this pen take?
what is the nib made of?
How do I refill this pen with ink cartridges?
Did this pen come with the box shown on the picture above?
Can I replace the nib? Mine worked well for awhile but now it's practically impossible to get it to work even with priming.
It looks as if there is a glossy plastic layer over the metal- should this be removed?/can it be removed leaving carved metal bonnet?
Does this come with a converter?
does it come in the box it shows in the picture?
Do any of the Jinhao pens have caps that stay on the while writing. ?This would be deal beaker for me. Thanks
does this pen come in a box? if so, what kind?
How is this pen filled? Also any suggestions on ink I can buy? Thanks!
This is my son's first fountain pen. When I ordered it I did not realize it was a fountain pen. Can you please tell me how to use?
What is the width of the chair between the arm rest?
Is there any warranty?
What is the seat height from the floor?
What are the demensions the seat?
For an individual who is 5 9 does this seat support and reach the top of the head? Looking for cervical support as well as lumbar
Where does the "Head Rest" fall on 6' Tall Person?
Weight Capacity?
can you lie down in this chair? what's the angle range for tilting?
What is the actual height from floor to top of the arm rests? I cannot find a chair to fit inside my desk
Does this chair swivel and tilt?
11x17?
how is the quality of the scanner
is this compatible with windows 8?
If one of the color cartridges goes empty, do you need to replace all of them or just the empty color cartridge?
How can I scan to email. That was one of the primary features that sold us on this one. I have entered the settings but no luck. Error 752, 806
Does the Canon MF 8380cdw have a legal sized scan glass?
Will it print 111 lb cardstock?
wireless
what is the difference between a canon 8380cw and mf 8080cw cannon
Please I need to know how take of the white border that print on my pictures, if anybody has the solution, I would appreciate.
I regularly have to print in A4 and Letter. Does the printer automatically detect the size of the document, or do you have to adjust the settings?
I want to know how big the printer is- height, width and depth?
What are the differences between this and the 6160?
size of glass
What year is this printer made?
I am looking to scan double sided documents to PDF format to save in my computer (like bank statements, etc.). Will this take a few pages at a time?
Wil the printer work with Windows 8?
does the 5950 come with an extra paper cartridge for long paper/letterhead?
does it not come with any toner/cartage to operate it? do I must purchase the bundle (frequently bought together) to operate it?
Anxious to purchase a sofa sleeper that its no wider than 65 inches, may be armless if 60+" Orme Lewis, Phoenix
What are the overall dimensions&gt;?
does the company make a recliner to match
Can I use this to repair paper lantern?
Is this tape linen fabric, or plastic tape? Thanks!
how many feet of tape on a role?
Is this compatible with Uniden DECT 1560? I have two of these, base and extension handset--will there be interference or problems?
what's the range of reception of this phone?
does it show the who called you, if you are not home &amp; there is no audible message?
can you use headphones with it, I had a set you could use head phones
Is the base wall-mountable?
Do the phones have hooks on the back to attach to your clothes?
Lost one 1680 uniden can I purchase another 1680 and use with same jack?
does it work on 110-220V adapter
does it have a headset jack?
Are the mounts that hold the suspenders to the slides fixed or adjustable along the length of the sliders? What is the distance between those mounts?
do you add a shelf to these brackets to use as a keyboard tray?
I see that you can adjust the height in relation to the underside of the desk. Can you tell me what the min and max distance is from desk?
How much "bounce" does a fully extended tray have with these slides? I am a moderately heavy typist.
Does it lock?
Can slide members be separated such that the keyboard tray can be removed and insert back into the slide?
does it lock out,and lock in? or does it just slide back and forth?
What are the height options for the slide? I have a "lip" on the front edge of my desk and need to make sure I would have enough clearance.
Can this be screwed into the keyboard tray from underneath, or does it have to be screwed in from the side?
will this work in a lexmark pro915 printer?
Can this cartridge be refilled, or is it 1-time use only?
Is this Black or Cyan ink...it has Black Ink in the title but mentions cyan ink in the description.
Does this cartridge work in a Lexmark pro 710 printer
will this work on lexmark interact s605 printer
will 150 cartridge work for the 1 cartridge.
is the 100 xl a higher capacity cartridge as an alternative to cartridge 150
the description says cyan is this blue or black ink for this price?
is there an alternative cartridge brand
will this work in lexmark p205 printer
Can someone please confirm the dimensions: "13 x 57.5 x 42.1 inches" means what? 13 width, 57.5 length, height? And what is the color? black or brown?
Can this be used under a hanging tv for stuff like a DVD player or Internet modem you know thing with wires?
Can any of the drawers fit files?
Does this unit comes with retractable desk option?
My question is about the actual color I am not familiar with wind oak, is the product color closer to the picture dark oak , or is it a lighter color?
what are the dimensions?
is this comparable with the workforce 545
is this compatible with the WF 3530???
I don't see the workforce 3540 listed above although #126 is the correct #. Can you confirm before I purchase
Will this work in my 633?
can I use on all in one printer Stylus NX430?
The cartridge numbers in the header description are different from the ones in the lower description Which are correct?
what is the expiration date of the cartridges
Is this an original Epson ink? or is this some sort of imitation/refurbished/refill?
Does this work with Epson Work Force WF-3520? (sorry, if it is already stated in your ad I don't see it)
Why doesn't the photo match the title?
Hello, I have a 40.5" in width and 28.5" in height picture that is framed. Will this easel hold it? I want it to stand on the ground.
How much weight can it hold?
can it hold a foam core board 30 in wide by 48 in tall sitting on the ground?
Will this hold a 24"wide by 36" high poster? I realize one person gave these dimensions but those were horizontal, not vertical. Thanks!
How fast can this be set up? Need to take it into a class where we only have a few minutes before kids arrive. Thanks.
Will this hold a pad of flipcharts 2.5'X2'? Also, do telescoping legs have lever-type locks? (I don't want the twist-lock legs.)
Hi There, I have two canvas 60x40 vertical, is this fit for them?
Does this phone mount on a standard 2 screw phone plate and can you change the cord out with standard clip ins on the phone and hand set if needed
Are the numbers a dial or touch tone?
What color is it? Black? Mahogany? I can't tell from the picture.
Where can I purchase a replacement handset with cord?
Is it possible to add a longer cord to the hand set or is it hardwired in ? thank you
Does this print photo's in color or just black and white
Would I have to feed each sheet manually?
can it scan insurance cards
How well does it pull receipts in straight?
length of warrantee
Does the paper feed in from the front or the rear? And does the software launch automatically when the scanner detects paper insert to be scanned?
Can you scan multiple documents into one file with the included software?
Can it scan a passport or wouldit be too thick?
Does it doubleside scan
Does the scanner have any data storage capacity? Do I need to carry my laptop to use the scanner? Does it have any battery/power storage? In other words, can I pull this from my briefcase, scan something and then go home and download it? thanks
can this print the long way &gt;
Hi. :) Why is this better than the Brother labelmakers? Thank you. :)
Does anyone know if the Dymo Rhino 4200 comes with a power adapter? If so, what type, 120 240?
Hi. :) Is this good for food product labeling? Thanks. :)
Does it come with any labels?
I am looking for a label maker than prints small font that will fit on essential oil sample bottles. Will this do what I need? Thank youn
Does this come with an AC adaptor? Don't like batteries!
Please, could you say what includes the box?
What type/color of tape comes package with the labeler?
Is the Rhino 4200 UL listed per UL 969
Can it scan a document into RTF editable text?
how to copy 11x17
photo quality
I'm using an old Macintosh OS X 10.4.11. Will this printer be compatible with my computer?
how do I copy a legal document ?
Is this MFC easily compatible with Mac?...How hard is it to print envelopes; do you have to disassemble the whole machine to do so?
Is it compatible with windows xp? Does it stop printing if one cartridge is empty?
Can you print from a usb flash drive? Will it work with Windows 8
does this printer do duplex scanning and copying as well as printing?
Can this printer handle glossy photo paper?
Do these seats bolt up to the standard 4 bolt jon boat or bass hunter type seat frames.?
Do you get two seats for this price?
what is the color combo?
how much ink does each cartridge contain
Does this work in a Photosmart 8150 printer?
Hi, can you please tell me the expiration date of these? I purchased some from another seller before and they were expired! :) thank you !!
Hi, can you please tell me the expiration date of th ese? I purchased some from another seller before and they were expired! :) thank you !!
what version of ABBY PDF Converter does this include with this package
if you scan a receipt that has multiple charges can you file in in multiple files, (such as fencing products on same receipt as feed)
Do I need to buy neat desks software if I have apple account?
Can you use the neat receipt for recipes? I have a pile of hand written recipes that I would like to have typed out.
how old is this model and/or when did it come out
Can you tell the scanner where to file the receipts?
does it scan letters, articles, notes, email and etc
Is this the PC or Mac version?
Can you break down receipts into more than one account?
Do you have one that is a little bigger? e.g. 12 X 14 or 15
Will this fit on my side by side fridge? I'm looking for something small... not big and awkward looking for my refrigerator.
how big is it?
our fridge is kind of rounded, is this board flexible?
Can anyone tell me if this printer is compatible with Windows 8? I have found that there are alot of printers that are not. :-(
Anyone care to weigh in on ink costs? Can anyone who has been operating this printer comment on "real world" ink costs for average printing from the web and for 4x6 photos?
connect to phone or tablet
My printer doesn't grab the paper from the tray and I don't know how to fix the problem. Any recommendations?
Free Efax with HP7510: How do we set up a free efax account?
Can anyone tell me if I can use this printer to print images with sublimation ink to heat press onto t-shirts?
i want to install the printer in the computer
how l0ng does it work
I need to print small pics it wont do smaller than 3x5 why?
i currently own a photosmart 2575 all-in-one..i like the features it has...recommend 1 to me that has the same features
does it come with cartridge bleeder thats in picture?and also how many ml are the ink bottles
My printer is an Officejet 4630 that uses 61 ink. The list of compatible printers does not include Officejets. Will this work with my model?
In t he past I refilled cartridges this way and it killed my printers soon after. Has this happened to anyone with this product?
Will I get low ink warning after refilling the cartridge?
Will this kit fill the color ones as well, if I buy the color ink?
Will this work with the cartridge that came with my printer? Or do I first need to buy a new cartridge?
will this refill work with HP Envy 4500
The needles doesn't want to come off. Can I just put the needle cover on it and leave it?
Can high yield cartridges be made with this kit? If so, does it require an HP 61xl cartridge?
How many ink cartridges will this make?
are these edible? Sorry if that's a stupid Q, but my search is including edible and non edible, thx!
Are these "Sophia Global" brand inks? The cartridges look the same but there's no logo on the side.
Does this contain 6 colors?
do they have chips?
Will this projector work with Iphone 5?
Just wondering can this projector be used in Uk/Ireland?
does it come with a remote?
i'm confused: does this have a regular USB port in which to insert a USB stick? or just a mini?
Does P4have keystone or zoom control
Do you need an extra adapter to use with a Macbook Pro?
How do you control power point slide movemeng. ? Does it have to be hooked up to a laptop? Can aa Bluetooth reciver be used rather than a cable?
How can I eject the micro sd once I put it into the projector?
Does it connect to PC with VGA cable standard used in standard projectors?
Has anyone tried this projector with ipad air? How about Windows 8 laptops? Has anyone tried it with the Asus Transformers Prime tf201?
Does the control panel tilt for easier viewing?
can this do 2-sided SCANNING? (I know it does 2-sided printing but my question is different)
Can the scanner save to jpg format?
is this really a good machine
Can it be used with USB instead of wireless
does this printer come with ink?
i am need to buy a new printer,but my pc is windows 8 installed.is this model comatible with? please help me
Is this item compatible with Windows 8.1?
95% of my printing on my eleven year old Lexmark X4270 is black text. Is it true that if one of the color cartridges is low you can't print at all?
does it print in color?
does it use sAME INK AS s415?
Does the fax have an auto answer button?
is this moel compatible with windows 8,1
Does this printer have a separate feeder for different size paper? For example, keep regular tray full of letter size and optional feeder with legal?
Can this be used with Windows 8 as a wireless printer? scanner?
I see that it has duplex printing but it does not say if it also will do 2 sided copy and fax. Does it have that capability?
Is it compatible with windows 8.1 64 bit ? Can you also tell me the copying resolution,dpi? Thank you
How do I photocopy both sides of the paper from the top input?
does it come with toner
Can I scan multiple pages as a single PDF file and be sent to my email?
Does this come in the Waterman box? (I'm looking to give as a gift) And is it a "screw" top?
how long is the pen
can it engraved?
What color is the ink? The description says it is silver, but that cannot be right.
I want to purchase this Pen, however want to know what all things I need to purchase to refill this , is it only ink bottle or something else?
someone said it comes with converter ,but some said no . What is the truth?
Does the cap snap on tight and secure? The cap for the pen I have now (Waterman Phileas) doesn't snap on tightly and has come off while in my pocket. I've ruined 2 shirts this way.
Where do I find Cartridges to refil this pen?
Does this come with a converter or do I need to buy one separately? I don't want to buy cartridges.
Is this pen cigar shaped?
Hi, Is this pen good for girls? Do I need to buy ink or anything else to use this pen? Thank you!
Please explain how you fill the pen with ink. Does it have a siphon lift on the side (that's what I remember as a kid).
What kind of nib does it have? Hard? Flexible?
Does anyone know how much this pen weighs (in grams)? That is an important part of a pen for me.
how to print using legal paper
Does this printer support Apple AirPrint?
How does the Samsung ML-2955DW/XAA printer do in printing maps from google? Can you read the streets from the print-out?
Can this be used just with the samsung 10.1 ipad.
Is the chair comfortable to sit on for long periods of time?
Does this chair have 360 degree swivel? Does it tilt back?
What are the dimensions of the chair? Specifically, I have a desk that is 19" across, will the seat fit/base fit inside?
Can someone tell me how high the seat is from the ground?
is the chair tippy -- if kids get on it or slide around on it. tipping over would be a factor thanks
Is this okay for petite people? I'm 5"5, 115lbs and have trouble finding chairs I can fully sit all the way back in.
2 Questions: Is the chair okay for hardwood floors? Will it hold a 230 pound person okay in the long run?
what are the dimensions?
Is the base solid metal or chrome plated plastic ? Does it feel sturdy and strong or wobly
what is the weight limit on this chair?
Will the base and seat fit in a 20 inch desk space?
Are the arms removable (i.e., does the chair look OK if you take off the arms)? There is less than a dollar difference in cost, should I get arms?
What is the weight limit?
What is the secret to attaching the castors?
Is there a trick to attaching the castors? Tried but am totally frustrated
How high/low does the seat adjust?
What is the weight limit?
How do I put the wheels on ?
What is the warranty for this chair?
what is the height and width of the arm wrist? I am curious if it would fit under my desk.
Do the arms fit under a desk when at a comfortable working hight?
Is the back rest stationary or does it have some give to it so you can lean back a little and make it easier on the back?
What is the highest the seat can adjust to ,please?
At the lowest setting, what is the seat height?
What is the height of the arms if you attach them? Wondering if it will fit under my desk with arms.
What are the "real" dimensions of the seat? 23 1/2 width is too much. Isn't it ?
How much of a height adjustment does this chair allow?
What is the maximum and minimum height from the top of the seat to the floor?
what is the range of seat height of this chair? I am looking for a seat height of 20-22 inches.
What range is the height adjustment?
I don't want to use the arm part. Is it possible to detach it from the body?
Do the wheels lock. I need a swivel, armless chair for my sewing table, but want the wheels to lock, so when I press on the foot pedal I'm not sliding
Weight capacity?
Would this hold up for a person of 200 lbs. well?
Is this a white or grayish white chair? It appears on the gray side to me.
The white mesh task chair looks gray? Which is it? Help!
Are the wheels made of rubber?
In the photo the orange fabric looks more like a burnt orange than a very bright orange. Is that accurate or is it actually bright orange? Thanks
Is there a way to just buy the arm rests? just bought one and see holes for them
Will you have more in stock? I needed 10
Hi, can the wheels be taken off ?
Any success with cleaning lighter colors? I have the orange one as my desk chair at work and I love it, but after 6 months it is looking a bit soiled. Anyone have any tips?
Do you ship gto Hawaii ?
how high does this chair adjust in inches?
how high does this chair adjust in inches
Does this chair have the option of arms on all colors or just some colors?
How big is it, why nobody talk about cd268 's size.
Can headphones be used?
does this device have a charger or does it only run on batteries
Can this set be used to show changing chair conformations and similar concepts?
Approximately what size are the various parts? I want to get a rough sense of how big the molecular structure is?
Is this kit useful to Highschool students taking chemistry?
Can you rotate the atoms when they are singly bonded to show a different arrangement?
how many carbon atoms?
Does it come with a top?/Is it easily portable?
Is this helpful with stereochemistry?
Where is it made in, USA?
How many cards can this hold (assume standard credit card size)?
I need a new holder for two badges, one of which I have to remove throughout the day. Is it easy to remove a badge?
Does the top have any time of closure to ensure cards can't fall out?
Is there 5 holders in a package or it comes with 5 pieces for each holder
Will this fit a HID door badge ID card? The kind that are slightly larger then a credit card and have a lanyard slot in the top?
can you see 2 cards at the same time?
Can this hold more than one card? One credit card sized one, and another (thicker) door access card?
What is the "cosmos fastening strap" velcro thingy for? Thanks!
Does this give the printer error message like many other generic cartridges?
How well does the "LINKYO Compatible Canon 128 (3500B001) Toner Cartridge" live up to it's 2100 copy claim, and what about the print quality?
Does anyone know how to exercise the "2 Year 100% Satisfaction Guarantee"? What's the best recourse if I receive a defective cartridge? Return to A?
will it fit in image class D560/D530?
Friend is rechargeable
Will this work with Canon mf4770n...I recall the firmware not allowing a non-canon official cartridge?
how many copies do you get?
WILL IT FIT IN AN MF4570dn?
Does this set come with a colorless blender?
I color Mandalas and do not want a powdery residue that I have to blow off so as not to smear. Will I have this problem with this set?
Out of the whole set how many of the colors do you use? I am just trying to find out if it is worth getting 150 pencils.
I would like to buy this set from you, can you guarantee this item will be well-packaged? Soft-core pencils can break pretty easy.
Reading the reviews I saw bad reviews about getting some of the pencils twice. That is one of my concerns.
Does this set come with every color, so you can blend them with the right tones?
Hi! I wanted to know if these are the US made or where? Thanks
Are there colors that are not included in this 150 collection? In other words, does 150 include all the existing colors from this collection?
I have the 132 pencils, what is the difference, and why 18 pencils make the 150 pencils set 40 dolars more expensive? Do you happen to know which colo
Are these BEROL PRISAMACOLOR ? Ieuan Rees
Have anyone tried to use something under the back leg to increase the 60 degree angle? Did it worked? Would be more comfortable with a greater angle?
Does this stand work for small (trade-sized) paperbacks?
can it holds 2000 pages hard cover textbook?
Will the steel bars and chain get rustic after a period of use?
how to set up printer to print only in black as to not waste the tri-color?
If i need to print on glossy paper; do i still use the normal ink cartridge or is there special one for printing pictures on glossy?
can i use the fax without a phone line
I've had the printer for about two years, and it's been fine. Just recently it started printing photos very dark. Changed ink and still same thing. ??
Is this a laser or inkjet printer
HP Envy e all-in-one printer recommended ink cartridge regular VS XL?
Does it print on printable CDs/DVDs?
error
excuse me how many months you give warranty and why you sell it
When you scan a document, does it give you the option of saving it onto a flash drive or a PDF file?
How is this model different than the other 8600?
My printer recently stopped scanning to email. How can I reset it to scan to email again?
does this item come with a starter set of ink?
Will it print black when the color cartridges are empty?
Can it print on card stock paper
can you auto feed to scan pictures?
ocr
When copying can you enlarge the size or dimish the size of the orginal?
does it come with ink cartridges and print heads
We have a problem with it picking up photo paper from the designated tray. It only works if the tray if completely full. WHY?
6510 All-In-One Printer: Does anyone know if this works w/ an IPad and is wireless?
How can I print a reduced size PHOTO on my HP C4280 printer that I download from an email of my Apple Laptop (I down sized the email, yet prints 8x11
easy way to email from 6510 printer
Can't seem to print all of the letters in the Norwegian alphabet. They appear on Windows 8.1. Do I need to (can I) update the print driver?
How do I turn off the chime noise that plays after I scan?
how to change ink?
Does it do fax?
do you get frequent carriage jams?
Has anyone figured out how to print in black &amp; white only (greyscale) in draft mode from an iPad? I do this with my PC, but can't figure out iPad. Thx
my 5524 has a bad paper jam. I can't release the paper which is chewed up what can I do?
Does it work ok with non-oem or refilled ink carts?
are there paper feed problems
Costco recently began offering refills for this printer, and provides How To instructions. Has anybody tried that with this printer?
I need to print some photos, can I use my printer for letter sized prints and will it accept photo paper?
Will this print if one of the other cartridges is out of ink? I have a printer (not a HP) that won't print unless all cartridges have ink. Thank you
does it work with Windows 8
does it come with ink cartridges
can I use my usb cable to connect
HP Officejet Pro 8600 Great hardware / Lousy connectivity software: I wonder if the HP has a problem when the desktop connects to the network via Ethernet while the printer is on WiFi?
Card stock compatable
How do I print envelopes?
I know that the printer offers double-sided (duplex) functionality with ADF, but does the duplex and ADF functionality also apply to scanning and copying? That is, if I have a 2-sided document to scan, with the printer automatically scan both sides?...
What ink jet printer codes are compatible with this machine?
What is the size of the flatbed glass plate?
What are the footprint dimensions?
When the printer goes into energy saving mode, all communication is lost with the network, is there a solution apart from rebooting the whole system?
Is there anything to stop the paper from falling on the ground once it is printed
Does it scan in colored documents?
how do I hook up the fax line to it
Can you feed single sheets (like a piece of letterhead, or an envelope) without having to remove the paper tray and reloading it?
how far up will the seat go?
does the top swivel?
What is the weight limit for this product?
what material is the seat made of:?
Can you fill ink from a bottle? I do not want a cartridge
Takes effort to remove cap off mine. Sometimes I need one hand and two fingers of the other to remove the cap. Anyone else have the same problem?
Takes effort to remove cap off mine. Sometimes I need one hand and two fingers of the other to remove the cap. Anyone else have the same problem?
Can this pen be converted to a regular (non fountain) pen? If so, what else would I need to buy?
is it imported from what country?
How long it takes to ship this pen to California??Shipping based in US or China?? I do not want to wait a month to be shipped.
Are fine or extra fine nibs available?
Has anyone tried scanning insurance cards or drivers licenses on this scanner?
Will this scanner work on a wireless network?
whats the difference or will it do the same as the neat scanner
Does this scanner have a TWAIN driver?
Does it work with windows vista
Some reviewers mentioned it creates a separate pdf file for each page scanned. Is there a way to scan several pages into a single pdf file?
Does this scanner saves image to TIFF and does it use Huffman File Compression?
Does this come with a 1 year warranty?
Is it able to send scanned PDF files directly to an email address?
Is this only compatible with Windows? I have a mac. Thanks
Can you set the printer to cut at 3.5" if you are using the 5 x 7 kit?
Does this printer come with supplies? How do I order today and make sure that I receive it in NY by Saturday.
How do I print 4x6 it does not offer it in the drop down menu and it has the 2" split in it when I print 6x4...
Can this printer print 3.5" x 5" ?
Does this printer come with a photobooth program and if so how is it?
Does it come with any paper rolls?
Are these new with factory warranty?
what size paper does it take?
Does it come with OCR software?
Does this printer have a document feeder?
is this printer also for window 7 64 bit and wireless
Does this printer print both side of a two-sided document?
Can i print from my Kindle
Is this product compatible with windows 8
Does it do duplex printing?
does it work with ipad
Is this printer mobile, or is it too bulky? Can it be used with e fax?
Will it print from an iPad?
will it fit a Lexmark Pro 715
Is this product packaged in the original box?
WILL THIS INK WORK IN MY PRO 915
I would like to add a third phone. Is that possible?
does this hand set have a jack for a head set
If you have a new voicemail message, will the phone give an audio cue (eg a beeping sound) to let you know?
How far far from the base can you be&amp;still use phone?Do you need a phone jack for the second phone?
Is it a 2 line phone
How many phone numbers can be saved in the phone?
Will it work with Magic Jack Plus?
Are there holes pre-drilled for bolting to the floor?
Can it fit laptops and if so what size ??
(1) Can you change the combination? (2) Do you need both the key and the combination at once to open, or is the key an "override" ? Thanks.
Does the 19.3" Exterior Depth include the dial and handle? Or do those require additional clearance beyond 19.3"?
Do you need the key and combination to open the safe or can you open it with just the combination only.
moisture problem for papers?
Are you able to purchase an additional shelf?
Would having safe on a carpeted floor or rug (thus, settling by it's own weight) be an issue with the door swinging open?
Is this safe suitable to store pistols and ammo?
can this safe be bolted to the floor
What is the weight limit for using these stepping domes?
Can you flip these domes over for children to practice stepping in and out of them?
Any safety information in reagard to the step n stones
what is the age recommendation for the step n stones
Do they come inflated or is there a pump to blow them up?
How slippery are the bases? (If I child jumps from one to the next, will they slide out from under her or him?)
What is the mil and also is this suitable for packing heavy boxes?
Does this fit on the standard hand held tape dispenser? Or just tell me the inside diameter of the roll.
Is this very clear tape?
Will this roll fit on a packaging tape dispenser, the heay duty kind? I hate the hand held style as I get it all bunched up, etc.
Can you tell me the country of manufacture, I like to buy manufactured in the USA products
Several asked about thickness ("mil") - is it "thin" ?? tape can tear just dispensing it, or "thick" where it can't be hand torn (often called "shipping" tape). Sorry for being dense of this.
What is the size of each roll please?
how much is shipping to Gilbert, AZ?
what ml thickness is it?
I have the Duck Brand Tape Gun dispenser and I was wondering if these fit? (It's dark green with a black foam handle). Thanks!!!
Does this scanner come with software to reverse the color of print film negatives?
can it scan directly to computer
I would like to digitize my old 35mm negatives, play with them in Photoshop, and then print the best. What size prints will it do well?
Is this device manually fed or does it auto pull?
Should I use dvd or cd for the jpeg images to play on dvd player. which is compatible
Does a sd card come with it?
What kind of file output does the unit provide (jpeg)?
Are the trays included? or do we need to buy them separately?
Is This device sold with the "cradle" for the slides?
i have 100's of black and white 35mm negatives. how well does this unit work with b&amp;w film?
Does it scan in color?
can you send scanned pages to android phone
Couldn't using this damage some books?
What file does this save things as? PDF? JPG? Can I change that?
Is this good to scan old photos in photo books? The photos are scrapbooked, and different shapes, and can not be removed from the books.
Does this work with Apple computers (MAC and MACBOOK PRO)?
Is a SD memory card required? If I scan a very large (fragile) book, can I scan it directly to my PC? Does a USB cord come with the scanner? Thanks.
Can you send the scans directly to your computer without using the Micro SD ?
what size page can the wolverine pass200 scan
how hard is it to do buisness receipts to keep track of for end of year taxes. wolverine scanner
does this unit have an attachment for 120 black and white film
CAN YOU TRANSFER DIRECTLY TO YOUR PC / /
If you connect to a TV what size picture do you get on the TV screen?
Why would I buy this: Why should I buy 4 ink carts for $160 when I can just buy a new printer for 150?
It looked like these work for the Samsung CLP 320, just confirming that is correct?
The picture does not have all four toners. Does it come with CLT-K407S and CLT-C407S and CLT-M407S and CLT-Y407S?
Will these work for the CLX-3180 Series?
how many pages can i print with this cartridge?
Does anyone buy the empty cartridges for this model? I do not use aftermarket brands but hate to throw away the empties.
can it use in CLP-325?
Can this printer print from an ipad or iphone?
Is this printer Mac compatible
Can the fax on this machine work with VOIP?
Is there support for windows 8
How long is the glass surface for scan and copy functions? Can legal size documents which are 8.5" by 14" be scanned and faxed?
Can #10 envelopes be printed easily? Are they fed one at a time or can envelopes be loaded into a tray?
What is the warranty on the Xerox 6015? Is it an onsite warranty?
Does this come with starter toners?
does it print in black only with color toners empty
1. does it have auto duplex printing? 2. does it print legal size (8,5"x14")?
I am assuming this is basically 36 x 36 with the lip brining it to 48?
Is this desk chair mat recommended for plush carpet? Thanks
lip how wide is the lip been looking for a product with only 24 inch lip i havent seen one yet????
does it come flat or rolled up
I have just had a new Bambo floor added to my home office. Is it recommended to be used on a "hard" floor?
mine smells terrible is there a way to get rid of the strong odor?
why cant I buy this????
Want to use for garage entrance as mat on carpet, want thinner than rug mat, but heavier &amp; thicker than generic plastic runners. Think it will work?
Does anyone use this in the bathtub with a laptop?
Can this be used in a recliner?
did anyone have trouble getting the mouse attachment installed correctly?
what's the difference between this Furinno model and the FURINNO K6-BK? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00H...
How much does it weigh?
can you use this to lie flat on your back and use/view computer?
Are there replaceable legs, as three have broken?
I just had it delivered, but it didn't come with a charger so I can't use the fan! Does it usually come with a charger?
How tall can this stand get?
Is the fan supposed to make a high-pitched humming noise? It's really annoying.
a
I am having trouble deciding if it is best to get the vented or fan table. Any advice?
Is there a good mouse tray attachment that will work with this?
Will it fit over a heavy/wide person's legs when lying in bed?
What is the maximum Height of this stand? How sturdy is it at maximum height?
IPad compatible?
Mine shipped without a USB cord for the fan . . . does anyone have any specs on the cord so I can try to order a replacement?
is there any lip at all on the front of this, or are the plastic clips the only thing that prevents computer from sliding off?
HI, My kids lost the black plastic brackets that hold on to the front of the laptop. Can I purchase new brackets?
Is this sturdy enough/can it be positioned on a desk, so I can work standing, type on it, be the correct height and not worry about it falling?
Should I get the one with the fan or without?
Is this product noisy?
Bought this in 2012 - the cooling fans has a DC plug - I've lost the cable, wondering what the specs on it are so I can replace it. Thanks in advance!
Can this be used in a position where I'm lying down and it's above my head?
How sturdy is this, will it hold more than an old 7-8 lb. laptop?
Can I use theism with an iPad?
Why is the Furinno with cooler fan so much lighter than the adjustable model(2.7 pounds vs. 5.0 pounds)
i need to get a new UBS cable for my coolant fan how can i get one
I'm a larger person (50 inch hips) and want to make sure that this stand is wide enough for me; how far apart from each other are the legs?
Can this document feed wirelesssly?
How good is the scanner on this?
USB Connection? Scans toComputer?
How many ink cartridges?
how good is color picture printing
Brother MFC-J430W VS Epson Expression Home XP-410 Which Best ?
How can I get this to pick up photo paper? It just sits in the tray and clicks and hums and tells me to try again.
wide horizontal gaps appeared after I changed the black ink and I used the system cleaning many times still happen what should I do?
Does it have bluetooth ????
Is it compartible with MAc OS X 10.4.11
Does anyone know what size is the round male end of the USB connector for the fans? I lost mine and need to buy a replacement. Thanks!
I don't really want to return ship because I like it, but the fan doesn't work. Shouldn't it connect directly to my laptop? I have a MacBook Pro. Thx
My laptop is about 4kg (Alienware 17" 2013) Is this table sturdy enough for such weight &amp; size?
How high can it go
With a 17 inch laptop is there room to manipulate a mouse?
Epson says the T580A00 is for the the 3880 printer, not the 3800. The 3800 uses the (non-vivid) version which is T580300. Does anyone know for sure?
What is the specific item number of each cartridge in the Epson Complete Ink Cartridge Set for Epson Stylus Photo 3880 Printer?
how long can you store the cartridges?
How long do the cartridges last before having to be replaced?
I'd like to know how many pages it will hold to do 250 full-color 11" x 17" photograph printings?
I am considering purchasing the Epson Stylus Pro 3880, along with these inks. HUGE purchase for me! --Please, how long do these last, realistically???
Is this genuine epson ink and cartridge or is it some kind of refill ?
Does this include all nine cartridges? Some kits only come with eight.
how many prints can it do?
Can these cartridges use for Epson Stylus PRO 3800?
I am interested in scanning 35mm slides. Does this scanner do a good job and does it have a slider feeder or do you have to scan one at a time?
Is this scanner compatible with Mac OS X 10.9.4 (Mavericks)?
Does this model scan/copy Rolleiflex 2 1/4" X 2 1/4" slides?
does the ICE Technology work on photos as well as slides or is just ICE Light for slides?
Does it have a USB port?
What is the largest size document/picture this will scan?
Will this scan to a memory card or does it have to go to a computer
Would this scanner work with windows 7 home premium?
Can it scan a document that is 11x17, meaning the physical paper is 11x17
Is this scanner compatible with windows 7?
can you print directly to dvds' on this printer
Copies are too light
Does it print to CDs
New black ink does not print
Does this printer worked wired?
what ink cartridge does it use?
Can i print from iOs ?
how to open cartridge carriage?
HP Envy 110 vs 114: What is the difference between these 2?
can i get a guarantee from hp for this printer
What is the paper orientation?
is this AirPrint compatible
I don't know anything about GB's and rams, just want a printer that isn't wireless, or that I can at least hook up to my PC. Can I do that?
I want to purchase a wireless printer for copies I can make from Ipad Iphone and laptop. Is this the right one?
does this printer have efax?
Can I override the color cartridges and just print everything in black
Does this printer print on cd?
Two questions: how would you rate the noise level and, do you know if it is possible to plug in a VHS player to it? Thanks!
Can a play a PowerPoint presentation from a flash drive?
How is te quality when read text/word/pdf files during daily work? any recommendation?
Is it mac compatible? Do I need a cable to connect it to my mac or it is wireless?
Is there a way to power the unit with an external lithium battery pack that has usb ports?
Will a regular usb presentation remote work with this for PowerPoints?
is ther a travel case for the projector
what type of battery does it take? (ie. AA, AAA, )
Does it have only battery and no AC power? Is it possible to use it for up to 12 hours? what should I do?
Can a Power Point presentation on an Apple Air computer be properly projected on the unit ?
Hi! Can this scanner scan code 39 barcodes (also known as font Free 3 of 9) from a cell phone?
Just opened box, scanned the setup barcode waited about 4 minutes turned back on but only scans 11 digits, how do I get it to scan 12 digits?
I would like to scan in my cd collection. What additional software do I need?
The scanner keeps scanning how do I disable the automatic scanning. I would like to only have it scan when trigger is pulled manual' code didn't help?
is this a 2d scanner?
Hello! Can this scanner read 2d barcodes?
will not scan our bar codes! not happy no one answers the customer service phone #!!!!!
Trying to drop the first digit on the scanned barcode. Anybody know how?
If I buy this and scan bar codes, does it send the scanned bar code to a CSV file? How do you access the data once it is scanned?
Does this work with a Square Stand?
Does this printer support Windows 8?
Is it wireless and can it enlarge and reduce
does this copier's ink cartridges expire?
Is this printer support Windows 7?
Is it a pull out basket?
How do you clean it? Any oil to buy?
Several people (and the directions that come with the machine) recommend oiling it. What should be oiled? And what oil should be used?
I got small, curious kids in the house. Please tell me how and how good the safety features work.
How many minutes of shed time do yo get before it goes into overheat mode ?
What is the size of the shredded particles?
Will it shred those Amex offers that have the "sample" credit card in them without me having to open the envelope?
Does th ebasket pull out or does th elid have ot be removed to empty?
does it have a pullout basket?
Will it handle sticky prescription labels or will it damage the item, I shred this stuff and my last shredder broke due to it sticking in the 'teeth.'
does it have the break away in the back?
do you ship to canada? Ineed about 80
How long is this lanyard
Legs above heart position? Thanks--
can the footrest be positioned between the full up and full down?
How durable is the microfiber covering? ... I have a faux leather recliner and the arm and headrest began to break down after a couple of years.
Does this recliner have a reclining back. Not just in the reclining position but separate.
I should point out that I have 69,348 Reward Points for the chair pictured above and I was wondering if you honor these points to be used for payments ??
Do any of you have pets that shed? If "yes", how do you keep the chair clean? Not fond of vacuuming furniture!
Anyone have the dimensions of the box it comes in?
Who is the manufacturer of this chair?
Does the top come apart from bottom of chair
I am looking to buy a rocking chair for nursing newborn/relaxing, would this recliner rock just as a rocker?
is this recliner easy to open and close positions?
Why is the price $330 when a customer mentioned she paid $280
DOES THE. BACK COME OFF.
Are the dimensions quoted H x W X D? or how-Thank you
would be this be good for a 5'3" about 325 pound woman?
will this label tape fit the Epson Labelmaker LW-300?
Does this tape peel off easily from items without leaving sticky residue or tearing into pieces?
can i use this on clothes?
Does anyone with a Epson LW 400 use this tape?
I need to print labels for use in the plastic tabs on pendaflex file folders. Would this work well for that? How do you label pendaflex files?
Would you recommend these type of labels or printing labels from a printer?
Can it be used on Lc4wbn4 ?
which label model is water resistant?
Is it adhesive?
Will this work with the LM400?
does the printer come with full set of toner/ink--full size or just enough till one can buy more?
Photo printing on a Letter size paper? Is it acceptable and useable to show to relatives and friends?
Does it handle cardstock?
Does this printer have 2 paper trays such that I can always have two different papers loaded in separate trays and chose which one to print from?
Does this printer come with the wireless option? The description indicates that is has wireless capability - is this correct?
Is this printer brand new? Does it have the 1 year warranty included?
is this ac100v-240v 50/60HZ ?
is this compadable with mac ios?
what is different between "DN" and "N" modles?
cartridge is 507a or 507x?
Does this printer come with pre-installed color and black cartridges?
is there a straight through paper path for heavy paper
What is the Voltage?
anyone know if this printer will take 17 x 11 paper?
does it do duplex
Using Mac OS. If I connect the printer's ethernet wire into my router, can I print "wirelessly" through my Mac?
Is it compatible with Mac OS X Yosemite
has anyone else had problems with this not printing straight?
How does it handle envelope printing?
How do you get the printer to do duplex (2-sided) printing? I've enabled that setting in the driver settings but everything still comes out single sid
Can you draw on these? Would sharpies work? I wanted to do a project with students to make their own stickers.
Can you draw on these? Would sharpies work? I wanted to do a project with students to make their own stickers.
I've had a problem in the past with labels that are for laser/inkjet. The toner tends to smudge. Do these have that problem?can I request a sample?
So, are there 1000, 8.5" x 11" sheets with 2 labels on each?
is installation difficult
do you take back used cartidges for recycling
want to know where to install the cartridge into the printer
How many copies can I expect to print with this cartridge?
is set up difficult
which dimensions are for the seat width and depth?
Is the 23 1/2 inch from the floor to the top of the seat or from the floor top the bottom of the seat? Thanks
What is the max height of the seat?
Is this color white or off white?
what is the weight capacity of this chair?
What are the exact dimensions of the chairs width at widest part and height from floor to tallest part of armrests?
What is the seat height (min &amp; max)?
I have hardwood floors, so I'm looking for a chair that has soft casters. Can someone tell me if the wheels are soft rubber or hard plastic?
Is it faux leather or real leather?
What are the dimensions of the seat?
Can anyone recommend how to get a faint blue ink stain out of the faux white leather Alera Neratoil chair? Thank you!
Can I not install the arms?
If I have a 30inch desk will this chair work? And can anyone advise the weight capacity?
Can you assemble this chair without the arms?
How high is from seat to top?
I'm torn between this chair and http://www.amazon.com/LexMod-Office-C...
How low can this chair go? (How many inches from floor to top of seat cushion?) Thanks!
Will this chair fit under a 25 inch counter with the arms attached? How tall is the chair at the armrest with the hydraulic lift set to it's lowest.
What is the width of the chair without the arms?
What is the depth of this beautiful chair's seat and what is the maximum height when the seat is raised? Thanks so very much!
Is it possible to get the specific shade of red? We're trying to match our red accent walls and wanted to make sure this red works for our office
Does this chair rise to counter height?
Does this chair till back?
Can this be used to conference 2 or more lines together?
What are the items in the package? like cable or adapter
Does this product compatible with softphone or only MS product Lync?
Is this the Standard UC version or Microsoft version? Does it work with Ayava softphone?
How thick is this tape? I need to mount something that needs a THIN adhesive.
Will this work on TEXTURED dry wall?
holds 10 pounds per what? HOW MUCH TAPE DOES IT TAKE TO HOLD UP 10 POUNDS? so for 25 pounds how much tape is needed?
Will this tape secure my rubber mat to my rubber floor of my golf cart?
Will this tape stick to polyethylene film/sheeting?
will this come off easily on my wall when time to remove? I just want to hang a picture ledge in my apartment
Will this hold led strips on a motorcycle?
Holds up to 10 pounds! 1" X 60" = 60 square inches 10 lb / 60 sq in = 1/6 pound per sq in OR 2.7 oz per sq in I'm not as impressed anymore. Does the package clarify their claim with any other details? (I love 3M products and have at many times used...
Will this tape keep up in extreme outdoor weather conditions? Planning on mounting a European license plate to car bumper.
Will this work for windshields too? Because I have an autobahn blind spot mirror.
Does the table fold in half at the middle? Or is it just the legs that fold under?
Is the table good for using a computer on? Does anyone use it for gaming or office purposes?
how many people can sit at this table
Where are tables made?
Is the table top perfectly flat?
how much does this table weigh?
How much does it weigh?
Is the top a solid surface throughout, like a piece of plywood? Or is it hollow?
What is the distance between the legs. I want it to straddle a raised area that is 49 inches long and about 3 inches high. Will that work?
Does this come assembled?
Hello. I have 2 27 inch 16:9 Samsung syncmaster p2770hd monitors. I want to know before purchasing this mount, will it work?
Does it include hardware to bolt to desktop if you don't want to use the base?
How many inches does the bottom U thing stick out from the bar?
How easy is it to rotate the displays? My goal is to be able to rotate the monitor portrait or landscape multiple times through the day.
Do you get the option to screw this into a desk if needed? Or can you only use the mount that is provided?
does the stand have to be screwed into the desk?
I have 2 x 24" BenQ monitors. If I use this mount will I be able to angle them in a little bit? Or will they end up being straight across?
I just need for one 22 in monitor is this what I want?
Will Dell 27in u2713hm work with this mount
Is that photo of the cables going through the stand accurate? I don't see any mention of cable management so I am curious.
how do I air print with my iPad?
What are the outside diminsions of the Canon Pixma 3120 printer?
What comes with the printer besides the printer, any accessories?
Hi, is this compatible for sublimation printing paper?
What kind of Ink Cartridge # does it use?
does it work with kindle fire
Is this compatible with OS X 10.4.11?
does this printer have a memory card slot?
Does a USB cable come in the box?
Mac OS X 10.7.3: Does Mac OS 10.7.3 support this printer?
Does this come with the ink cartridges, since it is being sold as used?
will this printer work with just the black ink ?
Is this printer come with ink cartridge out of the box or i have to buy them separately?
i have a hp chromebook laptop will the pixma mg2120w/pp-201 work with it
Does this printer have an auto feed for scanning and will it work with Windows 8?
how accurate is the color?
How do i get rid of wheel marks? I have dotted lines running down my pictures? any help would be great!
What kind ink do I use
Does this printer print Card stock paper?
Is anyone having problems with the yellow light coming on and not going off. nothing is moving , printing, ink can not be taken out. have powered off.
does this come with labels?
Can you add your business logo, info &amp; address to the label
What size of adhesive labels do I need to purchase?
Can I use it with a MAC computer? Even though my mac has word and excel, some softwares, like the labeling software might not be compatible with MAC.
does this label printer work on computer with Windows 8.1?
Can this label print white in black background?
If you print several small labels (dozens) with the continous roll (DK-2205) does it cut them one by one?
can I print Amazon/USPS shipping labels whit this printer?
Can you use Avery 4150 labels with this printer?
Will this print barcodes ?
What is the difference between this product (Workez Professional) and Workez Executive sold by the same company?
Would this work for a chair or sofa use?
Will this product be sturdy enough to hold a 23 inch monitor steadily when the legs fully extended?
How much weight can it hold? I need a riser for my iMac.
Can I get the width between the inner legs? I want to see if my keyboard fits underneath it. Thnx.
This is compatible with model HP Officejet 6500 (E709a)? Thank
will this work for 7500a aio wide format printer ?
it works with the printer hp7500A?
What are the dimensions?
Does it have a chalk holder on the board?
Could I get the dimensions of this chalkboard
can I put a magnet on it, will it stick ?
Could you use a liquid chalk marker on this piece?
How heavy is this?
what are the dimensions of the cucina chalkboard?
D you think it can sit on a picture stand and be used on a counter?
What are the measurements the width
what size is it. I have a fairly limited space?
What are the diamensions including total height?
How dark is the Cherry?
Is it a real mirror?
Is this product available in black?
What are the dimensions of this item fully assembled?
what is the height of the table?Is it only 6.2" accroding to the description of this item?
how much weight do the chairs hold???? 275 or 300 or ???
What are the dimensions of this table?
Is this a child's card table?
Are the chairs vinyl padded too?
What is height of table and chair seats?
can i mount apple
Hi, how deep is the clamp? My desk only has about an inch of lip all the way around my desk.
I have a cheap desk from Walmart which is made of particle board, it's one of those $40.00 desks. Would it support the mount with two LCD monitors? TY
Adjustable height?
Will an ASUS PB278Q be able to be mounted to this? or is it actually too heavy?
How many inches forward from the poll will 2 24 inch monitors mounted to these arms reach when fully extended? My desk is 35inches deep.
Dose this support Pivot(Portrait, rotate the monitor Vertically) ?
hello, thinking of buying.. can it be turned from landscape to portrait view mode easily? thanks
maximum extension
How wide is the clamp? I need one that can mount to a surface 3" thick.
would this for my printer XP-410
How long does one last?
Is this cartridge the same as the 200xl
What does the XL in the name Lexmark 200XL tricolor stand for? How is the 200 XL different from the 200?
Are these original Lexmark items?
Are these color cartridges the same ones (in box) that you would purchase from Office Depot, Staples, Office Max, etc?
Will this printer continue to print black (as in text) even if one or more color cartridges are empty?
I recently received a Office Pro 4000, Will shutting off printer between use help save the ink life?
can this printer be used without a wireless-N enabled router
Does this printer have a landscape mode for printing
will this printer use 200xl cartridges
Can you print from tablet and mobile devices to this printer?
does it support air print
Can this be used with Apple computers?
Does the Lexmark Pro 4000 automatically scan dulpex pages, two sided pages? Will it send that scan to email? Will it make "borderless" copies? Can
Is there any sort of embossing or marking on the back of the journal or is it blank?
Hello! I use a fountain pen to write. Will the paper handle this without tearing or bleeding too heavily?
Does the journal lay open on its own or do you have hold it open?
I am about to leave to a boarding school and i want to have a little journal to write in... will this be a good product or will it be to delicate?
How can I order this without the logo?
Can you refill the notebook after using all the pages?
The checkout process said, there is no shipping to Hungary. Can we override it?
I would like a 9x6 page size so is this journal design available in a larger size?
What type of pen would be best for the pressed paper?
Are the pages lined?
The picture shows doors but the description doesnt sat anything about them. Do they exist?
What material is the back of this cabinet made of? Is it the same thickness as the other pieces or is it a thinner chipboard?
What is the total height of this product?
Is the chair at all comfortable?
What kind of leather is the chair made of ?
Do you offer this in the dark brown ("espresso") color?
Do these chairs come pre-assembled?
i saw the dimensions posted, but what do they represent? H x W x D??
Is this a wireless printer?
How long does the toner last with normal business use?
Can a second tray be added?
How fast do envelopes print?
What weight of cardstock can this print???
how many envelopes can be stacked for printing on this printer
I'm sorry, I meant to ask can I print 11 x 17 on this printer?
I'm sorry, I meant to ask can I print 11 x 17 on this printer?
Can I print 11 x 14 on this printer?
what is the warranty period for this item?
Does this printer come with the 2nd paper tray?? As the picture describes??
If ordered do all of the trays come with the order as shown in the picture above for the HP Laserjet Ent 600 M602X Printer
How many pages does each paper tray hold?
Does it come with a duplexer?
Does the printer come with all the cables to set-up properly and a test toner cartridge?
Does this printer come with a warranty?
Will the second tray hold legal size paper?
What model wireless card is compatible with the printer (from HP) ?
Does it duplex print?
How much paper fits in the standard tray that comes with the printer?
I bought a HP 600 M602 and it makes a clicking sound from the paper feeder is that supposed to happen?
Dimensions on Amazon and HP site are very different, 23.2x19.5x21.2 in compared to 16.3x16.9x15.7. What are actual dimensions? I have limited space
Does the printer come with a cartridge (starter or standard)?
Also, when it stops printing it makes big click sound and 2 seconds later, another big click sound. Is this supposed to happen?
What is the page count on the printer? Does printer come with toner included?
Does the front door pull down to feed envelops? Do they have to be fed one at a time or can a stack of them be placed in the feeder?
Does this print cardstock?
Is this Airpint compatible/
Are these shippng from an HP warehouse, if not how long have they been warehoused
HP makes an envelope feeder for this printer, holds 75 envelopes .After you install it, can you still use the multipurpose tray?
What is the difference between M601N and 601DN?
What kind of cable do we need to get to connect to network? There is no slot that would fit our old network cable.
This will work as a network printer correct?
Is this printer compatible with Windows 8.1? bought a new laptop and my older LaserJet 4100 will print but VERY slowly. Want to update.
Is this printer Brand new and sealed in the original box with toner un-installed?
does anyone have trouble printing envelopes with this unit
Is this Airpint compatible?
What are the dimensions for this item?
What is the weight capacity for each stool?
Can you replace the upholstery on the chairs?
Is there any way to buy just one stool? I need three total and don't want to waste one stool.
is it 98.50 for 2 chairs or per chair?
Are these chairs black or dark brown? I want BLACK chairs...
Do you also get the table with this.....or it's only two chairs and no table ?
are these $97.70 for 2 or $97.70 for each one?
Isn't barstool 30"? So this would be counter height chairs. Also why is the picture to these chairs the same as the lattice chairs you are selling?
What are the measurements of the cabinet itself (the inside)? I've noticed the cabinets of oval medicine cabinets are usually small. Thanks!
what do you mean by mirrored sides?
How visible are the mirrored sides? Does the unit look more like a mirror or a medicine cabinet?
what are the actual measurements of just the mirror? length and width, please!
Oval Zenith BMV2532BB medicine cabinet. What is the overall depth, front to back, on the outside of the cabinet?
How deep is this cabinet overall (front to back). WHY ISN'T THIS INFO SUPPLIED?
Is oil-rubbed bronze color black?
will it work with dragon
does it work on playstation?
what is the phone symbol button for?
mac
Does this headset work with a USB 2.0 port or does it require USB 3.0?
I have a very small head. Are these adjustable for smaller heads?
Dragon compatable
Does this headset work with Microsoft lync?
Do the inline controls (e.g. one-button answer) work on mac OSX?
does this come with a case?
What's the difference between a pg240xl and a pg240xxl
do you have to replace the color ink at the same time as the black ink?
can I use the pg-240xxl in my mx452 printer
Has anyone used a remanufactured PG-240XXL which is $5 cheaper than this price?
I know that the specs say that the pages are 300 for xl and 600 for xxl. My question is has anyone used both and actually seen the difference?
what is the cost per page
This site informs me that this cartridge won't work with my Canon MX452, but Staples and Canon say it will. It is annoying to get incorrect info here
My Canon uses the 240XL just fine, will the 240XXL fit my printer too? Canon Pixma MG3200
can I use the pg 240xxl in my mx 472 printer?
Can i use the 240xxl in my pixma 3200 series printer
what is the difference between 240XL and 240XXL ink?
What are the differences between the Canon PG 240XL and Canon PG 240 Non-XL? I've read comments that the XL version has more ink than the Non XL but both ink cartridges are same size? o.O
Would this work on the MG3122 series?
Which is the best value in printers
would this cartridge work on canon MG2100 series ?
will this work on the canon printer MG2100 ?
xl vs non-xl
i'm trying to find ink for my cannon mg3200 and this product came up, will it work in mine?
will this cartridge (240) work with Canon Pixma MX 512?
Which ink cartridges fit the canon pixma mx479?
any problems with one color running out before the colors do?
How many pages get printed by this
which photo printer (printer/scanner/copier) is less expensive for ink ? My HP Photosmart is too expensive to keep.
Will this work in a Canon MG3200?
Hello I have a question. I want to buy several cartridges Canon CL-241XL and Canon PG-240XL. I want to know which is the expiration date of the cartridges? Thank You
i use cl 240 &amp; cl241 will the xl work
If you use a 241XXL &amp; you use it on one side what cartridge do you put on the other side? Will it operate with just 1 cartridge?
what is the xl and xxl mean?
compare yield to smaller black cartridge
It's dimensions?
ok so the bottom is only cardboard, what is the top made of besides glass? Is it cardboard also? does the top (lid) pop off easy?
what are the inside measurements of the cases? Will they hold a piece of glass 12 x 16?
Can these be hung on a wall or are the designed to only lay on a flat surface?
does the glass protect the contents from UV damage? Are they made by Riker?
what is the internal depth of the farme?
I own a pro 900 series printer. Has anyone else who owns one had any issues with this product?
100 XL drifrent from plain 100?
Will this work on a Prospet Pro205
I know this is the size I need, but will this brand work with Lexmark's firmware? I read that only Lexmark cartridges work now?
Looking for the 100A cartridge, but it doesn't plainly state. Would I be able to refill these cartridges later on?
I purchased a off brand lexmark 100 ink cartage and when i open the black ink cartage the black ink leaked will this happen with yours
What printers is this compatible with? I have a lexmark impact s301..will it work?
This product is messy and doesn't function as well as what I purchased with ebay.
Do the phones have a headset jack, and if so, what type of connection and does it work well?
How many telephones can I hook up to this system? I'm confused as to how to go out to individual telephones. I have a phone system with jacks / phone
We have two stores one across street from the other can system handle both locations?
Can you have all the phones ring at the same time when a call comes in?
I have a T1 line coming into my office that splits at the hub one for data and one for voice. Would this sytem work or is their another system you wou
Hello, I am looking for a system for 12 or more wireless lines 3 Analog telephone port for fax machine or cordless telephone, with 32 or more IP phone
Is there a "camp-on" feature?
Is this a "leather" case?
Does this price include the badge and wallet ?
Does the wallet have a cut out around the badge so it is recessed in the wallet?
Does the badge look phoney and cheap?
can the badge be removed'
will this hold a badge?
will this hold a badge and an ID card?
does color toner comes with printer
Does it print double-sided? The description says "no," but was wondering if there's a way to program it. Thank you.
Is photo printed on A4 size page acceptable in quality? I tried Brother color laser, it is totally aweful in terms of photo printing.
The description says this printer comes with standard ink cartridge 118. Is only the black cartridge included, or does it include all 4? Thanks!
This is only 110v?
is it also a copier?
Does this Canon printer weigh about 20 lbs? I'll have to carry it upstairs. Thank you.
Will this printer continue to print black (grayscale) if the any one of the color toners are out?
Does this printer print well to gloss 32lb laser paper (for catalogs)?
Does this printer have the ability for a straight through paper path for things like envelopes? Or is everything always curved around?
How many pages print with Canon PG-241XXL FINE Ink Cartridge?
Will cannon cl240xl fit the pixma MG3222 printer? Is is same actual size as cl240 or is it a larger size cartridge?
Which cartridge is superior the PG 240 or the PG 240 XL the price difference is not that much and I would pay more for a better product?
can I use #240&hellip;.I have 240XL and it doesn't work
will this cartidge work in an mx340 printer?
how many pages print do you get out of this cartridge?
do you except paypal?
Is this time clock suitable for 100+ employees
how does the info get to the software is it wifi or eithernet cable?
Is it easy to remove employees if they quit?
If there is a power outage, will the time automatically reset to the correct time? Can you set it up to automatically deduct lunch breaks?
Does this product require a subscription monthly or yearly? Are there any additional fees? What model number is this Lathem product?
Can I put some type of protective screen over the unit? We have two of them and the back shop is the agriculture side and is very dusty.
Can you track any editing that has been done? Can I tell if my office manager changes any of the times?
Does this clock provide and SDK that allows software developers to programmatically access the time clock and poll punches to other systems?
Also how many administrator rights does it have?
Is this the FR650 Model?
Work with a Mac?
does this printer works with IPad or IPhone5?
will this work with a smartphone or tablet
Is it 220V compatible? I need to use it outside the US.
Can I use 2.25" thermal rolls for this?
Is product work with window 8.1?
does this printer works with your PC. Im turning my PC into my POS cash register
is this printer pos compatable or no?
How do you replace the ink and where to purchase?
how big is the receipt paper?
Can this scan pages in a book? And how well does the image turn out?
hi, what size capacity sd card? what size battery?
I own a small business, can i scan coupons from a customers smart phone?
has anyone used this scanner with a Mac? thanks
What does "HSN only" mean in your listing?
Is there call waiting?
Is there call waiting?
Is it possible to mute all the rings (both on phone and answering system)?
Does it have a headset jack?
Does the tape need to be purchased separately - or does it come with your first roll?
Considering purchasing the DYMO 160 hand held &amp; extra tape but what is the difference between tape and tape cassette (45013 &amp; 45113) which do I buy?
which one is better,this one or the rhino 4200?thanks
Does it waste a lot of tape when printing? The "Brother PT1290" prints the label on a longer piece than necessary.
I saw reviews for this at Office Depot, on sale this week. How to use with no instructions?
Does it print German umlaut like &Auml;, &Uuml; and &Ouml;?
Will these labels remain intact when put on freezer containers?
How much tape is in the cassette that comes with it?
My question is about AC adapters. Will most 9v AC adapters with center pin negative work for this? The proprietary one listed on Amazon is overpriced.
does it print 2 lines
What are the dimensions please?
How tall are the drawers?
Will these drawers hold the weight of a 20" LCD monitor without buckling?
does this have a square root button?
Does this calculator have 10 key functionality? I don't see that it does.
what are the measurements of this item? I don't want one that is 4 X 5.
Is the battery a standard size replaceable?
Is this calculator auto off? iF SO, Do you hit the "C" to turn it back on?
Does it have an Owner's Manual?
Does this calculators use (or allow) adding maching logic?
Is it flat, or is the top tilted a little in order to see the numbers better?
Does this phone SB67158 have capability to import files to play recordings while customers are on hold?
Does anyone know how this system works if a non-system phone is also used on one of the lines? Does it cause problems?
What is difference between AT&amp;T SB67138 and SB67158
We use the auto attendant, but when one line is in use, the recording does not play for any incoming calls, how do I correct this?
Does this phone system offer hunting? If the primary user isn't available, it rings the 2nd? etc
can you set different ring tones for different lines?
Can I pair different brand DECT 6.0 wireless headset with the phone, or am I stuck with only the AT&amp;T TL7800 headset?
Does it have a Dedicated Headset Port underneath or at the back?
What is the differences between model SB67158, and the single antenna model SB67148??? Thanks!
How to make only the base ring with incoming calls
what kind of leather is GG Plush
Does anyone know what the weight capacity is?
Can the chair rock in the reclined position?
Does upper cushion on back flip up and over to allow using a pillow? To be sure, please try pulling on the top section of the back before saying "no."
Do I have to assemble this chair?
What is the measurement from the floor to the seat pad...is it over 21"?
I'm 6' 6", is this a good chair for the taller among us? Thanks.....
I need to know -- is this genuine leather or bonded leather or faux leather?
What is the seat dimentions of this reclinert?
Some recliners need your weight to stay down in the reclined position, does this stay reclined without your body weight? Can children recline ?
How does this chair compare to the leather recliner they sell at Costco ?
Does the footrest go up without reclining the chair? Is it multi-positional?
Just got this chair. The right side clicked in but the left side didn't go in . Been trying to pull the right side out to realign but can't.
Is it possible to disable the "rocker" part of this chair? And does it "rock" even when fully reclined?
What is the weight capacity?
Does this chair have coils? or just wood and polyfil?
Does anyone who bought this also have pets? Does this stand up to them?
Does the handle push the foot portion down or do you have to push down with your legs?
Does the cushion on the upper part of the back flip up and over the back so you can use your own pillow?
is the chair a wall hugger
How can these be genuine OEM Cisco SFP's and being sold for $99?
How many SFP-10G-SR all original, non-refurbished do you have in stock currently? I need 50each.
Hi, Are these Cisco OEM genuine SFPs or a 3rd party compatible SFPs?
I What version do you have in stock? I need V03 or higher, 20 pieces, new and preferably sealed in packaging.
Compatible with Cisco C3KX-NM-10G ?
Would these be compatible with HP NC523SFP 10Gb 2-port Server Adapter?
Are these compatible with other switches and NICs other than Cisco brand?
will these work on non-cisco switches ?
i need 4 pieces , all original ? in original pack ? Do you ship to Canada? I can wait two weeks.
Do you have 5 new SFP-10G-SR that are Cisco Genuine not Cisco Compatible?
Is there a manual with this counter?
are there sensors that read the bills that need to be cleaned
How much does Kuper Bill Cash Counter weigh?
mexican pesos?
could I use this machine to count venezuelan currency?
could I use this machine to count venezuelan currency?
Can it count Bangladesh Taka? BDT
Can the machine counts 1,5,10,20,50,100 bills all mix together ?
the lcd screen on the top does not come on is there something I need to turn on to make it come on
What is the input voltage 110V or 220V?
How long is it?
I need a wide elastic belt for the umbilical area for an overweight person that doesn't roll down when worn. Does this roll down when worn?
7.3" long? Surely it's longer than that?
Can you wash and reuse these?
How long is the 6" bandage? 11 yards or 5
What is the "chip" and what do we need it for?
I have a Canon MX922, I purchased from this seller before and would like to do so again. Do they have the correct ink for the Canon MX922?
Do the chips reset automatically?
does this include all the colors ( LARGE BLACK, BLACK, yellow, magenta,cyan)
will these work in the Canon Pixma MG5420?
Are these cart's chip already reset? or will I have to do it when they arive?
I was able to print few pages, and then it won't print out any color. I did deep clean head many times but it still doesn't work. Please help.
I wonder what the expiration date is? I don't use it that much but I thought the set of 3 is a better deal.
Is this ink work with MG5320 model
does this ink work for canon pixma mx712
Would these work with Canon MG 3122?
WHAT IS INCLUDED IN THE SET?
What is the color of the ink? ie, Black or Blue?
I just got the pen a couple of days ago, and the its writing like it's out of ink already! WHY!! I can't get the thing opened! How does the pen open?
what refill do you buy?
DOES THE PEN COME IN THE SWAROVSKI BOX/CASE?
what kind of refill does it use?
Could this be mounted upside down on a shelf that is behind and above the desk? The desk has no lip to attach to.
Would this work well to create a sit to stand environment? Would it be relatively easy to adjust the arms up/down the pole multiple times daily?
Mounted to my desk does this go up and down or just in and out?
how long does it extend the monitors?
is it twain compatible
Hi, what is the spec of the AC adapter provided? Could someone please provide input and output spec? Thanks.
is this scanner comparable with Windows 8?
Could I scan 11x17 paper with this scanner?
Has anyone tried putting through stuffed envelopes?
Hi I reside in Singapore. Does this product come with international warranty?
Do these phones have headset jack capability?
How many ringtones does it have?
Does this phone announce the name of the caller?
Will this work on a regular at home HP printer?
I'd like to use this paper for my wedding thank you notes. Will this work for professional laser printers?
Is it silver on both sides or white on the back?
How can you order the other colors?
How many pages come in 1 pack?
Is the paper shiny on both sides or just one?
What does the champagne color look like? is it light enough to print on? Does anyone have an actual picture? thank you!!
Can you use this paper for intricut cutting on a Silouette Cameo?
Will this shimmer stock be easy for a local printer to print wedding invites on?
This might be a stupid question but how many sheets are in the pack?
Does this paper appear silver or does it have gold flake in it?
What is the Champagne color like? Is it similar to a light ivory or ecru?
Are these cards "single sheet," or are they folded cards?
What are the dimensions for the cards and envelopes?
What is the price in lots of 200, 250 cards/envelopes, please?
can you personalize?
How many sheets of paper
If liquid gets on the label after putting on a bottle, will the ink run? I want to design my own wine labels.
is the page blank ?
Would these be hard to remove from clothing if used as stickers?
do these cut well with the silhouette cameo?
Have you used these labels w/ a laser printer?
Are the crack and peel backs scored for easy peeling?
Can anyone tell me exactly what cutting settings they use on these for the Silhouette Portrait or Cameo? Mine is eating them on some edges :-(
are they waterproof?
Will these completely block out any printing/images underneath the label?
Will these labels work for water bottle labels?
What else I&acute;ll need for my own VoIP home system ?
Do these take standard POE, or do they need a custom injector?
is power supply included
This include 2 units of GXP 1405 ?
Any owners have an estimated print speed from this unit? Also tell me what printer you are connected to.
Does this take the place of the multipurpose #1 tray; or just sit above the tray and it is still usable like previous models HP printer models?
Does the envelope feeder come with an HP one-year warranty?
How fast does the envelope printer print? Is it dependent on the printer model it's plugged into? What subset of the printer speed would it be then?
The printer reports a "failure to recognize one or more ink cartridges." Is there a way to fix this? I simply turn it off and on now.
Does this system work for a Epson TW-700?
Can I finish using the Epson Brand individual cartridges that still have ink left in them, because black is the only one that has run out?
I have artisan 800,wanted to know if this system, the printer chassis close properly; or is slightly open?
dose it work with t60 epson?
Will this work with the epson xp-810 printer, it uses epson #273 ink
Hello, the order of colors of my artisan (cyan, yellow, light cyan, black, magenta, light magenta) is different from your CIS, can I use your CIS? I w
Is the ink supplied water fast? Does it run if the printouts get wet? I have another brand and print on tissue that requires water mist to shrink it.
Why does this randomly cause my printer to say the cartridges are unrecognized?
does this printer can do sublimation printing? do you have that kind of ink? for phone case sublimation? and the paper for it? Thanks. Allen
Can you create your own illustrations / decal designs (vectors) and print them with this - or is it only clip-art images?
Is this good for transferring on tshirts?
Does it possible to purchase a power converter to convert 220v to 110v?
Do you have to use a different blade for each thing you do?
Can it print and cut out stickers?
Will this cut vinyl for bumper stickers?
Are blade replacements needed? If so, whats the cost &amp; is it a do-it-yourselfer?
Will I be able to cut Napkins or paper towels?
I need to cut vinyl stencils that I can peal and stick to glass for sand blast etching. Can this machine make them?
My computer doesn't have a CD drive - how do I download the software?
I just received a new MG8220. Not hooked up yet. I also purchased the 10 pack at the same time. my printer came with 6 cartridges. This pack came with 5 cartridges (X2=10) Don't I need the 226 Grey cartridge as well? Or did I miss something. I need...
what is the chip that's included? what do you do with it?
Hi everyone, i have been using non OEM cart's in my Canon Pixma MG5320 for a while, now all i get is error message, print head is incorrect? Help?
Will this ink work with a canon mg5220 cartridges 225, 226? Also, do these go in the same way. I mean are they regular cartridges?
I received my ink ink cartridges from you and I put in the magenta cartrdige and my espon workforce 320 does not recognize it
Description says it comes with 2 blacks but which ones? There is a large black and small black for the MG5320.
Colud you tell me IF I can use this cartridge sin my canon IX 6510. Thanks
I have a PIXMA MG5340 and this should be compatible but I keep getting a U140 error msg (does not recognize cartridge). Help plz!
My printer won't recognize 3 of the cartridges. Any suggestions?
Who is the manufacturer/supplier of the ink in these cartridges? When is the manufacturer's 'Use Before' date?
what about pictures
Can you use this with Max OS 10.8.2? I can't figure out how to set this up.
Does this printer duplex?
does it scan?
How does this printer do with high res photos?
what voltage
Does this printer ship with all 4 toner cartridges and drum kit?
How do you defeat the false "toner low" message?
does it come with any toner?
How well does it print color?
Will this printer print card stock
Will this printer work with iOS (iPad)?
Does this printer print on transparencies?
Has anyone printed cd labels with this printer?
what memory modules will the HL-3045CN take?
Has anyone been able to print with an iPad?
What size is the photo paper?
What is the difference between pg 240 and pg 240xl?
So the ink is actually Pigment in the Black Cartridge and Dye in the Color Cartridge? Thanks
Does this works with Canon PIXMA MG3120?
Are these inks usable with the Canon MG3520 printer?
I ordered the Combo package after talking to a Amazon Rep. my canon printer is a MX 459 and I never have seen it listed,will these cartridges fit it? Thank you Tom And Ruth Charlton
I need to know does faxing come out clear? And does it work on a land line?
Never had an ink printer, only laser. Does the ink run when it gets wet?" I'm thinking envelopes.
PIXMA MX452
Is this compatible for Cannon MG3220?
How do I change the combo?
Do the key tags come blank?
size?
is it possible to fit 2 keys on 1 hook (orig + spare) if i found thinner key tag
Is the top file section adjustable for either letter or legal sized folders?
What are the sizes of the drawers?
What are the dimensions on this item?
can the larger drawers on the bottom hold 8x11" paper?
Is there a shelf under the hanging files? if so, could someone please measure the opening between the 2 bars? Hoping it'll fit Epson artisan prntr.
Is any assembly needed?
Do the hanging files slide easily?
The product guarentees these for one year and I want my money back - had to replace all of them. Anyone have this issue??
When replacing these cartridges my Epson printer kept giving me a cartridge error and I had to insert Epson brand cartridges. Anyone??
WIll they work for a NX 625
nx420
Are these manufactured by (or for( Epson?
espon workforce 520?
Do they really work on Epson Stylus NX420? I saw some reviews and people are saying that they are not recognized by this printer.
Is there a trick to getting the printer to recognize the cartridges? My Epson NX420 is not recognizing them.
Is this chair comfortable for bigger men? does it have adequate width, or is it on the small side/
can I put caster on only front leg?
How much weight does the chair hold?
Hi, Does the chair have a leather or vinyl odor? Thanks
How high is the seat measured from the floor?
HOW WIDE IS THE SEATING AREA
Does this chair need put togeather ?
Does the chair contain bonded leather, or split leather, or 100% solid leather?
How fast is the scan speed? Such as, 300dpi color, 10 single side pages from the document feeder, to USB stick?
Does the printer come with the ink cartridges or do you need to order those as well
Is this printer capable of printing 11X17?
Is this product guaranteed to be new? Does it come with the full manufacturer's warranty?
Does this printer come with color and black and white toner? Need to use it right away.
Does this product scan to a pdf? Does it scan from the automatic document feeder. I can not find this info anywhere?
Do the pages have a space for e-mail addresses?
What does page look like?
What are the headers on each column?
I see a clear vinyl cover tightly sealed onto the ink hole of this cartridge. Should I take it off before install it or use it as it is??
how many ml of ink in each cartridge?
Will these cartridges fit Brothers MFC-J835DW
Can you change only one cartridge?
It shows i ordered these on jan 2014. they worked perfectly in my brother 825dw. now there is a note saying they will not fit? should i order?
what is the shelf life on this product? I do not use the cartridges very quickly, but the price is right. Tx.
hi, i have a question, itsposible buy justmagenta and yellow? thans
will they fit a j435w?
Does anyone know the cheapest printer I can get to use this ink with? Thanks!
will these work with Brother MFC-J5910DW Printer?
Are the days of the week written on the left side and spaces to write the 6 subjects across the top? Are there lines in each box to write on?
Are the days of the week written on the left side and spaces to write the 6 subjects across the top?
My current plan book has 20 boxes per page, which allows me 40 boxes per week with both sides. How many does this planner have?
What is the circumference of the top of the can?
How tall is the wastebasket when the lid is opened? We're constrained by the height of the counter it will be placed under.
When you open the lid does it hit the wall causing scuff marks?
How do you assemble it so that the lid will come up when the pedal is pressed?
What is the best way to remove the stickers that come on the wastebasket without marring the surface?
Anyone use this for cloth diapers? Does it keep out the smell?
How are the garbage bags held in place so they don't fall inside the garbage can?
I ordered the superhuman flip up lid trash can. I sent it back because when I stepped on it it fell forward. Anyone have that problem with this trash can? Thks you all, MM
What size garbage bags do you buy to fit it?
What is the finish of this wastebasket? Is it a matte finish or a slick finish? Looking for something that will be easy to wipe off/clean.
Does this box have plastic strap hinges?
How many files does this hold?
What's the depth size of this file box? I'll be putting in about 15 or 20 pendaflex folders more or less. Thank you.
I purchased the drill and now need an assortment of bits. Do I have to order each one separately?
Is this an Aitoh branded item?
Do I have to keep emptying out the paper from the drill bit to get it to punch cleanly each time?
Does this come with nine bits as pictured?
Is realy made in japan?
if i order two of these is it likely that one will dry out before i use it?
why does toner light still stay on after replacement of new cartridge?
Could someone just take a minute and explain the installation procedure. Thanks!!
How come the brother brand cartridge is 30 bucks, but this one is 10 bucks. Seems sketchy. Anyone mind pointing out differences?
I have received the TWO cartridges and I am having problems with the quality of the printing. I am getting shadows
I just received my TN 450 and installed it today. It prints great, but I still get a Toner low message on my HL-2280DW. What is the solution?
how good is the print quality?
Compatible with HL2240? Not HL2240D
I have ordered this product and the first 2 of the 3 worked fine. I put in the third and am not able to get my toner light off
I am using this in the Brother HL227ODW printer. IT doesn't work. On the box it shows in step 4 to pull out strip but I can't find a strip
Latin American or European pronunciation?
will it translate a sentence such as "How do I get to the airport?"
What type of regular Batteries does it take?
Is this also a Spanish - English dictionary? If yes, how good are the definitions?
Would this help me communicate with my cousin coming from Italy?
Would this work for my couso
Does it translate english to spanish only or does it translate spanish to english too?
does it come with headphones
Is the screen back lit? Looks like it in the picture. And is it battery powered or will I have to recharge it?
Can I enter or type a word or phrase into this machine
what is the dimension from the front edge of the seat to the floor? Also the dimensions of the cushion?
I intend to buy this item but first I need to know how the oerating system works to raise and lower the foot rest and back. I see there is no lever.
How long is the seat when the recliner is in its most reclined position
whats weight capasidy
does this come in any other colors but chianti?
How long did you own and what is the condition of this recliner any flaws or damage?
what is the weight capacity of this recliner (not the shipping weight)?
one person did not care for the sitting of this chair. Is it soft or firm sitting? We like firm.
is this bonded leather, which I understand is a composite of leather pieces with plastic type "fabric", vinyl, plastic, as little as 10% leather?
Is this actually white or off-white?
my door is 30 inches wide and it can't go through the window, is there a way to make it go through the door as the sofa is 33inch wide?
Soes this contain flame retardants or is it PBDE-free?
what is the density of the foam used? Is this innerspring and foam? What type of inner spring? I need specs. Is this shipped over seas?
when will u ship the pen?
the pen is EF right?
This is pen with converter?
Does it fit for writing Chinese Characters?
is it possible to receive it any earlier?
Does it come with a converter? People gave different answers, but is anyone 100% sure about this? Waiting for an awser to make a decision.....
how much to ship to Toronto, Canada?
Will this work for a full size computer; one with a tower?
Can anyone tell me the dimensions of the inside of the cubbyholes? Depth, width, length...thank you!
Does anyone know if the top shelves cubbyholes are optional to assemble. Would not installing them cause the desk instability? Thanks for your help..
Hi! I bought this desk and it came with no instructions. Would any of you still have a copy you could scan &amp; email or point to an online version? TY!
Would it be easy to lower the keyboard tray? (Remove, drill new holes, etc.)
Dimensions PLEASE?
My printer is 17.5" wide and about 15" deep. Will it fit on one of the bottom shelves?
Is the pullout slide shelf for keyboard big enough for a mac keyboard (the small ones) as well as a mouse with some small room to maneuver?
Do you think it would be able to support a 33-pound iMac 27"?
can it fit 2 21..5 inch monitors on it ?
Does the unit come with a power supply?
Does this seller or manufacturer provide a warranty for this product? Whether I use it or not, I'd like to know it has one.
Will this work with the Ayava 18d model phone system? We have cat 6 internet. What would the difference be between using our existing phone vs VOIP?
What is the warranty on this product?
Does this unit come with a power supply?
I&acute;m go to Miami this 9/09/14 to 12/09/14, pls you can put thois phone in Miami in this date? Regards
Can this item be configured to use SIP protocol to connect to a service such as VoIPCheap?
Does this phone have talking caller I.D?
Do the Cordless Telephones need to be pluged into a jack or just the main wired phone?
will this phone tell you whos calling if you are on the phone already?call waiting id?
Is this phone model number 30524? If not, what is model number?
Does this work with Quickbooks Online? I used this last year with Quickbooks Pro but now have Quickbooks Online.
how many forms come in this pack?
Current product description states is comes with free TFP 2014 software. However, several reviews states that it doesn't. Anyone know for sure?
Does thhis come with a disk?
Will this work with Quicken Deluxe?
Does is work with Quicken?
Is this form able to be scanned? The IRS invokes penalties for forms that do not have the capability. See irs.gov.
Can you use the envelopes to mail the 1096 back or do I need to use a regular business envelope?
Can I hand write on these forms?
Does this work with an inkjet printer as well?
How wide is the keyboard tray?
What are the dimensions?
could someone pls tell me inside dims of the drawers, How far apart n how tall r their drawer box sides? Wanna fit a hanging file organizer.
Is any of the drawers is a file drawer, capable of holding hanging letter sized file folders?
what kind of wood is it made of,,and the color ?
what are the dimensions of the top right shelf, will it hold a printer?
How does it work?
My generator came with a busted lamp and motor that is off the mount. Can it still work if readjust the motor and replace the bulb?
HOW TALL IS IT ?
Do you have replacement belts?
It will work from the power supply network in 220V, or it only on 110V?
This can make stand my hair?
I've ordered 12 pcs since Dec 2014, &amp; have received them. But there is no user manual or instruction in the box, where can i get it/download it? thank
DOES IT COME WITH THE DISCHARGE SPHERE (The small one?)
How many volts does this unit generate?
Does it run on a battery?
is it magnetic
Does the marker come with it /. If not ,where can it be bought ?
Product info tech details lists board at 3 x 4 feet, top level description is 60" x 36". Which is it? I'm looking for the larger size.
Can this be mounted vertically ?
Does this board have a tray to hold markers and the eraser? I can not tell by the picture
Do you hear a slight popping noise when you move slightly back and forth with your back in the chair?
What is the seat height range of this chair?
Are the arms already attached to the base, or could you choose not to install them?
I am tall (6' 2") but not "big". I like the idea of a chair that goes higher, but I am concerned that the armrests may be too wide. How wide are they?
what is the dimension of the seat ? depth and width .. ?
Just assembled the chair and I thought you could move the seat forward from the back? Is that possible? It seems the seat depth is short?
what is the weight limit, what about hours of useage for this chair
ARE THE ARMS ADJUSTABLE?
Does anyone out there have a right arm to one of these chairs? I can't find one anywhere. I would like to buy it!
How do I install the wheels?
Why is shipping $3.16 does it come in a gold lined envelope? Are they even heavy?
What are the measurements of the SpendVelopes? I would like to find a holder for them before I purchase.
What are SpendVelope for. Are they used to put the cash in wish you expect to spent weekly or save?
What happens when you run out of room on the ledger? Is there a way to put a new one on top of it or do you need a brand new envelope each time?
Do you sell a box to put these in?
Why would I need two sets?
How do you get the free shipping when purchasing two or more sets? When I put two into my Cart, it showed a shipping price of over $5.
Are these standard business-size envelopes? If not, what are the dimensions? Thanks.
How many bills can you put in?
Mine did not come with fasteners, i thought it said it did,
This gun is pictured with the release button feature. Does this model have the button that allows you to release the string of fasteners to reload them?
does this gun do the circle/loop tags too?
I think I see how the plastic taggers go in, etc. but how do you load the actual tags?
Does this come with a needle? There's none pictured
Does it come with software
will it run on windows 8
Is it compatible with a Mac?
Does it come with new batteries?
Does the cell phone calls ring on all 6 of the handsets? Can you answer calls from the base? Does it come with instructions?
Warranty: What is the warranty on this product?
Will my 2001 Mazda Miata Hardtop fit on this cart/cover?
Will this stand work as well as a Ford OEM stand for a 2003-2005 Ford Thunderbird?
is this for 380 sl MB ?
Is this the right fit for a 1981 Mecedes 380 SL?
Will this stand fit the hard top of a 2002 BMW Z3?
will this work for 1992 Miata hard top
will this hold the hard top for a SL500 Mercedes R129
Will this work for 56 Corvette?
Will this fit a 1998 porsche boxster hardtop
Will this carrier hold the hard top for my 1975 450 SL?
The picture not complete. Where are the supporting stubs on the frame above the front wheel that will support the hardtop to keep from sliding frontw
will it fit the top for a Cadillac Allante?
will this fit a 2001 Jeep Wrangler hard top?
How wide is the cart
Does this fold up for easy storage?
Does the included software scan business cards and create Microsoft Outlook contacts and populate fields like Name, address, e-mail address, etc?
If I have a document larger then 20 pages is there a way to connect 2 scanned groups?
How does scan to email work? Does it utilise the default email on the host PC or can it really scan directly to my Evernote inbox?
If I put in a bunch of store/gas/supermarket receipts at a very slight angle, will that cause any problems (such as OCR not working)? Do I have to make sure that the paperwork I put in is exactly level? NEW QUESTION: What happens if I put the receipts...
Can I feed photos for scanning? How is the quality?
When I unbend the top cover/feed tray, I hear a "clicking" sound. Is this normal? Or am I doing something wrong? There are 2 joints to the top part. I'm talking about the hinge/joint that connects that part with the sliding width guides to the part...
is it available for apple products?
Do the scanned files have the correct date? The Xerox Mobile Scanner puts a November 2011 on all files!
On Full Auto Scan, is it always PDF? Or can we use JPEG or some other file type? UPDATE: I learned that PDF is the only option if "Output Method" is "Save in Google Drive/Docs". I must use some other output method (like Save to hard drive) in order to...
Is the Canon P-215 compatible with Windows 7 &amp; Windows 8?
i have 2.25 thermal paper. It is double, white &amp; yellow copies. Will my new XE-A407 use this type of paper?
Can I do paid outs on this cash register Jake S.
Can you get a weekly total for the different departments? Will it work quikbooks 2014.
I cannot send data to my sd card after programming. the software says it cannot detect the card. I have a windows vista laptop. anyone got the same issue?
I need one that will let me look up past sales data at any time for any date. Will this do that? Or is the data erased after printing?
can you attach a credit card swiper
What are the dimensions?
does cash drawer have removable partitions so you can fit sales reciepts in drawer?
Can you enter 1 item at full price and 1 item with a 10% discount on the same sale/receipt?
can I set Item name
Is the scanner wand sold separately? In case it is dropped or damaged while in use.
can this register be used without power cord
How can I store the inventory or bar code before selling?
Does this cash register need to use a computer to work, or the computer is just to program the machine?
Is it possible to reset (clear) the memory of the register to its original, just-out-of-the-box state?
Can I validate a guest check with this product?
I want to start using a barcode scanner for my business, do I need to also by software for this if I only need to ring up purchases without inventory
Seeing that the barcode scanner isn't very strong, would it be possible to purchase a separate scanner and hook it up to the machine?
Does the register have to be used with the bar code scanner or can sale be punch in manually? Half my price tags are handwritten . Thank you.
How do I add more clerks beyond the four listed during setup?
Can we program a PLU without a preset price? meaning can we manually enter prices? Thx
Does anyone know if this comes with the serial cable 810356-001 to connect to a Hypercom T4220 terminal or does that come with the terminal?
can you print out daily totals
Is this cash register compatible with any kind of currency?
can i open register if i need change for other register without a sale
WHAT SIZE OF THERMAL PAPER?
Does the cash drawer have metal or plastic bill hold downs?
Does the cash register have to run on thermal paper?
Can this register give or print an alpha numeric receipt meaning can the name of product and price show on the receipt?
Is the quickbooks pro software included with the purchase? I'm guessing not but wanted to double check. Thanks!
Does it stop counterfeit money (fake money)?
does it count the amount of the bills or the amount of money??
is it possible to set the machine to stop after a certain number? I.e. if i like to bundle my 20's by the $1000, can i get it to stop after 50?
do these counters actually count the amount of money you have or is it just counting the amount of bills you put in?
for people that have this? how good is it? or shoud i get another one?
how does this run? do you plug it in outlet or is it through battery?
I only want to count paper coupons that I use in my business. The coupons are about 75% the size of a dollar bill. Can do?
Can you set a bill denomination? i.e I have a 10 $5 bills. Can I input that its a $5 bill and after counting will it show the total as 50 or 10?
whats the max amount of bills it can count?
Do The Machine Make No Bills Or Copy's It ?
Printer 9125 CN: is this a lazer printer? How many cartridges? how much each?
Can you scan a multi-page document to pdf using the document feeder?
Does this print wirelessly? Also is the color printing good picture quality?
Will it support digital telephone connections?
Does this printer have front loader for printing checks Esperanto the from paper
can this brother take 240 dual voltage
my brother 9125 suddenly "died". The repair shop said all electronics burned out. Any ideas?
does this printer have a separate tray for envelopes?
When you reset the toner cartridges to get the last of the ink out of them, will the machine again tell you when it is finally all out of toner?
How does the ink toner last?
Does this printer work on cardstock paper?
will this copier work wirelessly with a linksys e3000 N router
Will this printer accept my TN-110 ink cartridges? I stocked up on cartridges and then my little Brother went kaplooey.
what is the power supply voltage? is it 110V only or is also suitable for 220V?
Does this printer come with the 4-pack of toner cartridges when purchased new? Or do those have to be purchased separately?
Our brand new 9325CW has been consuming black toner cartridges unusually quickly. Has anyone else had this experience? Any solutions?
can it print double sided pages
the scanner is leaving streaks across the page when scanning...printing documents works fine...anyone have this problem and have a solution?
how to reset the toner count after replacing it with a replacement toner cartridge
where is saturn's review to reset toner counts
So is it 4oz bottles or 400ml bottles?
How is the ink put into the printer cartridge?
I can't get the colors to sublimate correctly on C88+. Do you have an ICC profile you can supply me with? Blues are Purple and Blacks Are Green. I
i also have the epson stylus c88+ why is my black in printing out brown and blue is kind of pinkish sometimes when i put the transfer on mugs ?
I cant use this ink in Epson L355? thanks
They are used for printer Epson L110?
what does oem mean
I just bought the sublimation ink for the c88+. Do you also have an icc available for your ink?
Is this compatible for Epson C-120?
I Bought these and the colors came out ok,but know the ink has leaked in my printer and in hands when removed. Also it doesnt print colors in the picture.Is that Normal?
Does this pen run out of ink easily?
Does this pen have the option to buy refills?
Does the pen start reliably and immediately? And is the writing smooth without any skips?
Where is this pen made?
Is the tip made the same as a regular sharpie? If you leave a regular sharpie uncovered the tip dries out
Any one else's clasp too tight for the shirt pocket? It ripped a hole in mine.
Are there colored ink refills for this product?
Looking for a classy pen with Sharpie's same fine point quality. Can you recommend some brands?
Many tx for clearing my 'confusion'.Can anyone give me a link to which(cartridges) fit wf3520.Not tech savvy!@ do all need to be replaced at same time
I am confused as to how this process works.Do I add to my empty epson cart or do i have to also buy a special cartridge?WF 3520
Can I use this set with PrintPayLess&reg; Brand Pre-Filled 400ml CISS for Epson 127 - WF3540?
Are these ink cartridges compatible with Epson printer TX210?
Is the ink sublmation ink or pigment ink
Planning on using the Gigablock CIS CISS Continuous Ink Supply System For Epson WF-2540. Can I use this ink kit?
Hi, I am very interested in your Bulk inks for my CISS system, I need Bulk inks for my T019, and T020, C,M,Y,Black Epson 880 Printer. 1 liter quant.
what kind of ink does it need?
does it need a chord, or can it work wirelessly?
Is this wireless printer?
is this compatible with a mac?
does this item come with ink and all the necessary cords?
will this printer work for a small law office? (i.e., is print quality for letters and memos normal or does it blur/streak?)
Is it wireless
The picture seems to show a second paper tray. Does it come with one?
Does anyone who has replaced their toner know the actual #s for the toner cartridge? I can't seem to find it, and it's not in the manual or at ricoh.c
Does the Ricoh Aficio Sp C240SF printer have wireless network capabilities
How fast is the scanner? Such as, 300dpi color, scanning multiple 1-sided sheets from the document feeder to USB stick?
Do you know if the malfunction with the scanner on this product and Windows 7 has been fixed?
can i print light and medium cardstock, and envelopes?
For wireless function do I do a network install and connect it to the wireless router via ethernet cable?
Is it possible to print from usb?
Can I detect fake money with this machine?
Can the machine counts 1,5,10,20,50,100 bills all mix together ?
can you please let me know if this machine works with 110 volt?
Venezuelan airplane account?
could I use this machine to count venezuelan currency? I am planning to use it in my business I need to make sure it will be fully operational under m
How do you provide your banking information to them? Is it via email, or a secure form? Email seems very unsecure.
i 'd like to order 300 laser checks for my rentals acc. with the check stubs for 7 rings, do you have it also?
Are there different styles &amp; colors offered after checkout? Are they the same as on the company's website, or are there limited choices?
Can I print my checks on an inkjet printer?
Do I have to print 3 checks at a time to have whole page go through printer? Or if I print on 2 checks can I later send just 1 check through printer?
Will they work with Quicken?
will these work with microsoft money software?
Are they for both laser and inkjet printers?
have lexmark printer, can these be used
does the 640ml refill kit include photo black?
I have ordered your kit, but Amazon keep telling me they cannot send to the address I have supplied in the UK. Why is this?
How thick is the plastic? 3.3 mils?
Are they side loading or top loading
How many sheets of paper will it hold?
What is the actual size of these? In the title, it states they are 8.5 x 11. In the Technical Details, it states they are 11.6 x 9.4. Please clarify.
are they sealed on all three sides with only the top open
Are the sheets clear, or lined as shown?
Is this a sturdy- not super flexible protector? If i hold it in one hand, will it stay flat?
is it non-glare?
Will it hold books open?
Will this stand hold open paoerback books...about 4 inches wide across front when closed?
What is the depth of the stand in the 45 degree configuration? I'm looking to put it on a shelf and would like to know if it will fit or not.
What is the difference between the "Lilc" and the "Tulip" models? Descriptions for the two on Amazon show the same dimensions - is one in error?
Can you put regular paper on it. Also, can you write on paper y ou put on it?
Will the lilac book reader stand attach to the jasmine book reader that I already own to make it a plus?
How appropriate would it be for putting it on your lap as you're reading an average size hardcover book?
Does this actually come with the second module on top which shows that you can place 2 extra books?
Another answer stated that I could purchase the top part later. I can't seem to find the top part being sold separately. Any idea where can i find it?
What is the shipped package's outside dimensions?
How well does this stand support writing? That is, could this product work to have a book on the back stand and a notepad on the bottom?
Can you buy the rosemary and add the top part later? is it sold seperately?
Are you able to disconnect the top from the bottom? Is the rosemary plus really that much better than rosemary alone?
How many erasers do you get when you buy this refill?
Help! I can't figure out how to insert my replacement eraser into the pen. I've tried several times. Thank you for your help.
Do these erasers contain latex?
How many erasers does this come with? Are they all round tip?
Are these erasers bi-Polymer ?
Does it work with dell optiplex 380 whose spec says the memory is expected to be PC3-10600, 1066MHz? Thanks.
Will this Memory Dim fit my HP Pavilion HPE H8 Envy? Here are my specs. off of the HP Website: 240-pin DIMM Feature: DDR3 PC3-10600 Specs: DDR3 PC3-10600 * CL=9 * Unbuffered * NON-ECC * DDR3-1333 * 1.5V * 512Meg x 64 * Thanks in advance!
will this work on amd 770 extreme3 board?
Does this memory work in a early 2009 Mac Pro that has been upgraded with a 2x3.46 GHz 6-Core Intel Xeon
Is this compatable with my cyberpower PC? I have 32 GBs total ram
does this work with windows 64 bi
Will this RAM fit / upgrade my Toshiba Portege Z935-P300?
Will it work on g43t-dm1 v a00 motherboard 4x240pin DDR3 DIMM slots Dual Channel DDR3 1333/1066non-ECC, un-buffered memory(Max 8G on 64OS)
Will this fit my Asus M4A7B-E Motherboard?
Good evening I want to know you're the form 'type of high-profile or low profile .. thanks
Do these have rounded corners? Kathy
Are these labels as thick as the Avery labels and able to completely hide any old labels behind them?
recently when printing ups return labels from amazon, the UPS label itself is centered on the sheet. How do I make the ups label print to the top or of sheet?
Are these labels compatable all brands of printers? I have a HP Officejet 6500 and want to make sure they're compatable.
are these weather proof?
are these perforated?
Will there be a online site / downloadable templates to enter what to print? Or do those come from the courier?
Where are the labels manufactured
Do these labels stick well to plastic bags?
are these self adhesive?
how to customize this stamp?
I have a business, can you put the Name of the business above the line and the 2 address lines at the bottom? What about our logo? I can send image.
Can I expedite this to receive by Friday?
I want to order this for a church. Can you print the church name instead of a last name?
Does the last name line have a maximum amount of letters? I need 15
Can the stamp have 4 lines?
can you replace the pads and add ink to the pads
Is there an approximate number of how many envelopes this will stamp before the ink runs dry?
It says free shipping but Amazon is adding almost $20 for shipping, what is going on??
What is the size of the stamped area?
What are the dimensions? (especially height)
Could I put a printer weighing 23 pounds on top of this cabinet&gt;
Would two of these support a shelf across them to function as a desk? Then a computer and printer on top of the shelf....
Can the drawer &amp; shelf on top of drawer be remove? If yes, is there a shelf above the filing drawer and how tall is the space?
What material is it made of?
Does it come assembled?
What are the drawer dimensions?
What are the dimensions of the top cubby?
Does this have casters for moving?
This sounds stupid but I can't remove the bottom drawer to put my frame in? Suggestion?
Does have Network connections? Ethernet?
Does this include the drum, toner and Auto feeder
Does this include the Drum, Toner and Auto Feeder?
is this item used to measure ozone in the air?
Will This test work to tell me if my spa ozone generator is working?
Can the test strips be used effectively to determine if an 8th floor closed office has excessive ozone?
Can you delete picture before you use photo paper?
Does this paper have a sticky back like the 2x3 paper?
Hi!I was just wondering if the picture prints out like the common polaroid pic with the white bottom and borders on each side?Also for the Z2300 model
do you use photo paper in place of film or do you use both film and photo on digital instant cameras
is this 100 packs of 10? - so its 1000 total sheets?
The description is unclear to me - is this for 100 total prints (10 packages of 10 papers) or 1000 total prints (100 packages of 10 papers)?
Please will someone tell me, what nib size does this pen come in?
Can someone reccomend a good black ink cartridge for this pen?
Can I use a converter in this pen? Which one?
converter
does converter CON-20 or CON-70 fit in this pen?
I too have never heard of these, &amp; like one reviewer I love writing instruments. Is the long point sharpener a must?
In school #2 pencils have to be used for test. Are these #2? My son really wants them.
Does Blackwing make a pencil with #1 lead?
do they come sharpen
Do you need a special sharpener if so does it come with one
Has anyone used this on fabric &amp; does it erase/wash out completely?
are these pencils black? the description says they are white.
I too have never heard of these, &amp; like one reviewer I love writing instruments. Is the long point sharpener a must?
I like a 4B pencil for crossword puzzles. Would this pencil be comparable or should I get the 602? Thanks.
How does the Blackwing compare to the Mirado Black warrior and the Black Ticonderoga?
Does this laminator work on 240 watts?
will this handle card stock?
Does it come with any guarantee or warranty?
2 questions: 1.can printed inkjet stock run through without smearing ink? 2.Do 5mil pouches work well for 8.5x11 sheets?
How difficult is it to take the laminator apart to remove a pouch that is stuck inside?
will any type of laminating pouches work with this machine or does it have to be Fellowes brand?
What is the warranty for this chair?
Does the chair have adjustable armrest and are the armrest hard plastic or soft?
How does the Alera Epoch compare to the 9000 Series Quantum Mid0Back Chair available at Office Depot.
does this chair have mesh seat?
is it a comfortable chair to sit in when one is working hours in it?
Does this item have forward tilt control like the alera elusion series? Seems the elusion is a bit more adjustable, is that assumption correct?
What do the product dimensions mean? Is the seat 14 inches wide or deep;? What is the overall height. What is the overall width?
Dose the mesh seat stretch over time?
How high can you raise the seat? I am tall and most chairs are can't be raised high enough.
Are the arms removable?
I will be taking this from facility to facility weekly. Is it easily portable for me? If not can you please recommend one that is? Thanks, Donna
Does it have wheels
Does a standard post-it easy pad easily fit under the top clip?
Could you flip it sideways to use it as a 40wide by 29high board and still use the stand?
Is it magnetic?
Does it have a tray on the bottom of the white board to hold markers or prop a pasteboard up?
is the stand consolable ? so i can hide it behind a furnature?
What is the height? Is it adjustable to various heights or just the full height and table top?
For the price I'm willing to duct tape the legs in place so none of the collapsing mentioned in the reviews occurs. Do you think that would work?
WHAT DOES IT WEIGH?
can you use other laminator sheets other than fellowes
Can it laminate regular 8 1/2 x 11 sheets of paper? I don't know why it could not, but I want to make sure. Thanks.
Does the laminator have a dual voltage power supply (i.e. 110 vs 220 volts) so that it could be used in Europe if necessary?
Is this dual voltage? Will it work with both 110v and 220v or 220v with a converter?
Can you use laminating pouches that come with carrier sheets in this? My boxes of pouches have a carrier sheet, not sure why.
Has anyone tried to use 10 mil pouches in this laminator?
are these guarenteed to be real o.e.m. progucts or are knock offs?
Does the item come with any sort of warranty?
can english be translated to spanish
Does it translate sentences?
is it a lighted screen?
is the screen lighted?
What about the &Atilde;&plusmn; letter in Spanish? Does the keyboard offer the possibility of typing it?
can one learn spanish with this gizmo ???
Anyone know of a translator that I can type in a sentence in english, and have it display a spanish translation of my sentence ?
Does this unit work off line
How is the sound quality? Can you understand the pronunciation of the Spanish words?
Does this model have a currency converter?
What is the size of the actual product?
what kind of batteries do this product need
What is the actual size of the screen itself? How many lines per screen can be viewed? Thanks for your help.
When you are translating from english to french, for example, hotel, does it show the gender of the word, m (masculine) or f (femenine)?
does it do phonic spelling
what font is the text?
I am looking for a dictionary that is voice activated. He cannot see very well and cannot type in words. Is this what I am looking for? Thanks
Does Franklin Electronic MWD-1510 has the 5-language translator, that mentioned in this advertising by camera stop inc?
Does the MWD-1510 can review the last input words? If does, how many words it can review. Thanks!
Does it have medical terminology? Have a daughter that is taking a Medical Assisting class and needs help with spelling, etc
If I purchase this ink and the printer and continious feed system do I still need to purchase ICC profile software?
please tell me, if I these ink printed on photo stone, how long it will withstand direct sunlight
How many papers can i print with this amount?
can you guys tell me which supplier is the most reliable for blank phone cases and which one has the biggest choice?
I use the big ink bags for my printer, an epson workforce 30. Would this product work for those?
Does anyone know how to make the color vibrant? This ink does not seem to be good quality. Nothing I print comes out the correct color.
could this ink used for mug sublimation? if yes, what paper do you use this ink on for mug pressing? , and thanks who answer this questions.
this ink works with the L120 printer?
Is this ink compatable with Epson WF-7110? If not, what ink should I use?
I know this is not what it is designed for, but can this be used to print on 'normal' copy paper or transparency? Would it last?
can i empty a eggshell and fill it with something else with those needles?
How long are the needles on these syringes?
Which ink do you guys suggest to use. Dye or Pigment. I rarely print pictures so which is the best choice?
I'm confused..The ad copy on Amazon states that the needes on these syringes are 4.5" long,
Do they or don't they have protective caps? the title say yes the description says no.
how many ml are thes syringes?
What is the inner diameter of the cylinder, in millimeters?
how sharp is the neddle
Is it a 110 or 240 volts printer? Can it be converted to 240 volts before shipping?
Is this compatible with MAC computers?
good morning, is this printer is compatible with hp eprint and airprint?
good morning, is this printer is compatible with hp eprint and airprint?
can anybody supply the size of the seat cushion?
Weight limits?
Can you put up the foot rest but NOT recline the chair?
anyone know the actual width of the seat BETWEEN the armrests ?
What is the seat to floor height?
what's the weight limit?
When sitting in the chair, what is the height from the floor to butt?
What is the height from floor to top of arms -- I need to be able to slide under desk?
WHat is the thickness of the wood on the sides? Is it 3/4 inch?
What material is this podium made out of?
What are the dimensions of this product. The technical details say that it weighs 1 lb, and is 1x1x1 inches. I don't think this is accurate.
I'm in a time crunch and wondering how long this would take to arrive? I live in New York.
How tall is this item?
Is there assembly required? Or does it come put together?! :) Hoping the latter...
Do you ship within Canada?
is this item on wheels?
Hey, I want to buy the Flash Furniture Mahogany Stand-Up Lectern [MT-M8830-LECT-MAH-GG] which costs $83.40. Can i get it buy May 22th if i order today
what is the size
Where is the small accessories drawer?
will it be possible to remove the fan if we choose to?
Does it have to be raised to use the fan? or can you still use the fan if the table is flat?
What is the max height that the table can extend to?
21.5 inches long, is that the measurement of table top or length between bottom of legs? Need something that will fit between arms of my recliner.
Would I be able to sit cross legged on my bed and use it? Is it sturdy?
Is it reversible for left handed mouse users?
What is the country of origin for this product? Thanks!
Does it support the dell s2240m??
Is this mount VESA 75 x 75 mm or 100 &times;100 mm Compatible?
Does this stand have a single support bar that carries each monitor or two separate bars?
Does it come with the screws?
Will this fit Acer S231HLBbid 60Hz 23.0" Monitor x 3 ?
Will this hold 3 Apple 27" thunderbolt displays?
I want to do a 30" center monitor with two 24" monitors set up vertcally on the sides. Does anyone know if that's possible with this?
What size monitors does this support? Is this the same as your clamp on model for up to 26 inches?
what windows opreating system is it compatable with?
How do I make it print. I know how to copy but I don't know how to print.
Does anyone know of a brand of printer that does not have a paper jams constantly.
doe this computer have fax capability
does a usb port come with this unit
Is there a slide/negative scanner attachment that I can use with this?
When is the last time someone bought one of these? I have a perfectly working one that I want to practically give away. Should I list it?
Is it wireless?
what about using it to read a book?
what is the overall dimension of the work surface?
Are the legs made of plastic or metal?
How wide is it between the legs? I'd like to stand it on the floor and open my recliner, but I'm not sure it's wide enough for my recliner to open.
wHERE IS this product made?
Can you tell me actual measurements? Most importantly the width and length.
The Product name says it's suitable for laptops up to 17" but in the description &amp; details sections, it says 15". Which is it?
I tried to use a cordless headset in the past, but it picked up too much static from the wireless network. Does this headset work without the static?
how many calls will it answer, more than 1 line?
Can you wear the CS540 over the ear (NOT WRAP AROUND HEADSET) with a pair of glasses? I'm concerned that there isn't enough room for both.
Can I answer the phone remotely with this headset and lifter?
Can I use the CS540 with HL10 Wireless System on a VOIP SIP phone in another room close by and eliminate the need for the handset lifter
What does the lifter do? Does it do more than just physically lift of the ear piece?
can you place a call on hold
is it bluetooth? Will it work with an iPhone? I'd like to switch between an iPhone and a Polycom.
Does Plantronics HL10 Handset Lifter inside the box or I have to buy separate one ?
Can you mute the mic from the headset?
I tried to use a cordless headset in the past, but it picked up too much static from the wireless network. Does this headset work without the static?
how many calls will it answer, more than 1 line?
Can you wear the CS540 over the ear (NOT WRAP AROUND HEADSET) with a pair of glasses? I'm concerned that there isn't enough room for both.
Can I answer the phone remotely with this headset and lifter?
Can I use the CS540 with HL10 Wireless System on a VOIP SIP phone in another room close by and eliminate the need for the handset lifter
What does the lifter do? Does it do more than just physically lift of the ear piece?
can you place a call on hold
is it bluetooth? Will it work with an iPhone? I'd like to switch between an iPhone and a Polycom.
Does Plantronics HL10 Handset Lifter inside the box or I have to buy separate one ?
Can you mute the mic from the headset?
I tried to use a cordless headset in the past, but it picked up too much static from the wireless network. Does this headset work without the static?
how many calls will it answer, more than 1 line?
Can you wear the CS540 over the ear (NOT WRAP AROUND HEADSET) with a pair of glasses? I'm concerned that there isn't enough room for both.
Can I answer the phone remotely with this headset and lifter?
Can I use the CS540 with HL10 Wireless System on a VOIP SIP phone in another room close by and eliminate the need for the handset lifter
What does the lifter do? Does it do more than just physically lift of the ear piece?
can you place a call on hold
is it bluetooth? Will it work with an iPhone? I'd like to switch between an iPhone and a Polycom.
Does Plantronics HL10 Handset Lifter inside the box or I have to buy separate one ?
Can you mute the mic from the headset?
What is the weight limit on this stool?
Does anyone know f this company makes a 29" or 30" model? I like it, but need to be a bit higher. Thanks.
Can this seat be used at the range to "sight in"?
One review says it is 3-4" thick when folded, but the specs say 2.5". I have a narrow space to fit it in. What is the actual thickness?
what is the materal of the stool itself
How thick is the padding on this?
I cannot figure out how to unfold this stool!? Maybe mine is broken
Does it come it any other colors? White or beige?
is the height good to be used at a kitchen counter?
How much does it weight and does it have any kind of handle??
is there a place to attach the leap headrest?
Is this the v1 or v2 version of the Steelcase Leap?
How do you put it together if there is no white dot and no cap on the bottom?
Chair will not rise. Any suggestions?
What is the listed weight of the person sitting in the thing? I'm a big dude, so this is a concern to me. Tkx.
Can the label be personalized with store name, address and phone #?
where do i buy ink for the printer and where do i change or insert
Does this system need a computer interface and if so, does it work with Mac?
Can this scale link to the server for unit pricing info?
Can the label print the date, weight, and total price. I can't really tell by the pictures. How many ways can it be set?
I wanted to know if i can include the expiration date on the label?
Am puzzled because description says 8mm tempered glass top and there is no glass in photo of item. Can someone clarify is the photo is correct?
What are the dimensions of the platform the laptop sits on?
What are the dimensions (roughly) of the base of the cart?
Does the top adjust to be flat?
Can this be used as a writing or drawing desk without having the unit wobble, shake or vibrate too much?
can use with keyboard and mouse
What is the cart made of?
What is the height of the cart? Does it still seem sturdy at full height?
is the tilting table top fixed or adjustable. also what is the middle shelf size.
Can I use this laptop desk while sitting?
is your phone number blocked so that other people cannot see it?
Does it work international
Will our phone number be published?
can I use 2 phones?
do you need to have a magic jack for each phone in your house
Do you need to subscribe to a monthly service with Magic Jack Plus?
Can I use magic Jack with my mexican mobil nockia telcel
can it fax
can u fax
Previously I had Magic Jack by it gave me a phone number several towns away, out of my local calling area. Can I get a local phone number?
Does it have a dial tone?
Is it unlocked? Can I use it in Venezuela?
I took the phone to an ATT store in San Francisco, and they tested it with their SIM card and said that it doesn't work on their system. Any ideas?
Radio shack no longer carries this battery. Any idea where to get one?
If i go to another area code will the phone work?? For example if i use the phone as an office phone will it work if i travel for work to anywhere??
how can I get the battery of this phone as it has stopped working (BESTEK mobile wireless phone verizon..)
Will the phone automatically dial the number after I enter 7 digits (or 10 digits if the area code is needed) or do I have to hit the "send" button?
how do i remove the minute minder beep on bestek gsm desktop phone?
Will it work on 240V power supply?
I took the phone to an ATT store in San Francisco, and they tested it with their SIM card and said that it doesn't work on their system. Any ideas?
I have trouble flipping among pages quickly with most D ring binders. Does this one avoid catching the pages?
How many binders 3" does the order include?
I need a binder to hold over 1600 pages; any suggestion
How many pages will it hold?
How many pages will it hold?
Given that you can put the rollers right into the sorter, does it automatically count out the right number of coins for each roll? I would think so...
I know this machine sorts but do I have to manually wrap them?
How do you get the counted coins out of the machine if you are not using their rolls?
Does this come with RS paper wrappers?
Are the coin wrappers for this machine just like any other wrappers for machines? (pinched bottom/open top)
Will this work with other currencies? or just dollars?
why when i turn the handle no coins are going in to the slots
Does this work for coins of other countries???
Mainly want to wrap quarters - 100 +/- a week but sometimes they accumulate. Do round wrappers work well &amp; do they sell those also?
Does the Cover/Tray stay up, or is it always in the down position, Mine will not stay up.
Where are these refills made. I get the distinct impression those make in the UK and France write better than those made in the US
I have a Parker Big Red pen from the 70's. The refill inside it says T-Ball Jotter with stainless steel, make in USA. What refill would fit it?
The cartridge I'm replacing says: Parker T-Ball refill L9 medium....will this fit my old parker?
Can you tell me if the item listed is 12757-2 1.0 Medium Point?
can you confirm this is a non-gel ink? thanks
Hello - does anyone know if these will fit the Targus Executive Sylus? Info sheet says it will use Parker ballpoint refills, 67 mm long X 2.3 diameter
Are they compatible with Parker Ballpoint Pen, Refillable, Medium Point (PAR1333211) ?
does it work for Parker Jotter Standard Chrome Trim Ball Pen?
I have a pen with refill no 7140230316 7...how can I tell if it's the same as I see on your web site...thanks
May I know if these refills are suitable for 'Parker Urban Premium Chiseled Medium Point Ballpoint Pen'? Is this the 1.0M model?
What size are the strips? I am quilling and like the 1/8" wide strips the best as they make everything look delicate and lacey?
What is the width of the cut strips?
is it possible to buy just the top of the shredder which is the part that is broken
Will this clamp put too much pressure on an IKEA Galant table which is about 1/2" thick?
Ready to purchase but need to confirm: Will this hold 3 x Asus' vg278h monitors in landscape?
Can I mount the side screens vertical? 1 horizontal and 2 vertical? since I have 1 - 27 and 2 - 23 inch monitors.
How big is the center of the mount for cable routing? Enough for 3 power cables, 2 DVI cables, and one HDMI?
can this mount be bolted instead of clamping and does anyone have assembly instructions they can share before i buy this thank you
Could this fit two 24" monitors and one 27" monitor in the middle? Each monitor is a different model, will there be gaps between each monitor?
is this product compatible with the BenQ RL2450H monitors.
I have a 32" center monitor flanked by two 23" monitors. Since the flanking monitors are less than 28", will I be able to mount the 32" in the middle?
The description says up to 3 monitors, could this hold just two monitors (x2 ASUS VS24H-P) without looking weird?
Would this stand be able to safely mount to this glass desk? http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00TJX4E06?p...
does it come with what you would need to bolt it down?
How angled can I get the monitors to be if I'm running 3 27 inch monitors?
I understand that the stand in full is height adjustable but is the center mounts height separately adjustable from the side mounts?
Will this work for 3 Dell U2713HMs?
I have 3 27" and the outside ones droop by maybe 1/2 a cm. Anyone else encounter this problem and find a fix?
I can't seem to figure out how to get to the bolt to adjust the up and down of the left and right monitors. how do I pop off the cover?
Will 3 Asus VE278Q 27-Inch fit? Will I be able to angle them inwards at all if it does?
Is the stand height adjustable? If not, what is the height from the base to the mounts?
How do I tighten the rotation for the side monitor plates?? I'm trying to follow the second picture of step 5 but I can't figure out how to tighten it
Can 3 ASUS VG248QE monitors work on this?
Can the top bracket slide up and down to accomodate specific spacing of top and bottom row of monitors, or do they have specific positions
can you set the outside monitors so that they hide their bezel just behind the bezel of the center monitor cutting the total in half?
Can the top arms be removed so only the center mount remains on the top row? In other words, three across the bottom, and one on top?
does it support 21:9 (ultawide) x6
could you use the monitor mounts from the top row, (side ones) and put them on bottom, and create a 5 way portrait mode with 23 inch monitors?
can the center bracket be tightened in anyway so that my heavy monitor wont tilt down (sag) I cant figure this out. thanks
Can the top bar be removed for a one over three configuration?
Can you tighten the swivel pivot on the outside monitors to stop sagging if a monitor is heavy? aka left right up and down?
Does this include the hardware to mount into a grommet hole on a desk? If not do you sell this addition?
Will this support 6 monitors that are around 27 inches in landscape? I know it says supports up to 6 28 in. monitors...but orientation matters.
Will this shrink to the product if I use a heat gun?
Is this a clear bag?
Does this product require impulse sealer?
Can an impulse sealer be used on these bags?
Hello, Do you offer self-seal suffocation bags? I am interested in a combo - 9x12, 11x14 and 14x20. I would like 100 of each.
Are these self-sealing?
DOES THIS HAVE THE 3 HOLES ON THE LEFT HAND SIDE?
Is it 200 pages per tab or 200 pages for the whole notebook?
Can you purchase more of the moveable tabbed plastic separators?
Does it have a pencil pocket?
Does this have pockets between all of the subject separators? (Like a folder)
Does it have perforated pages?
Is this the Advance version??
Is Samsung MLT-D104S works for ML-1865W?
does it have an expiry date?
Do you need to reset the chip or any program to make work? my printer does not recognize it.
does it scan?
My printer will not hook up to my computer - the disk doesn't work with my OSX?
does it work with windows 8
is it wireless?
If I placed the cross-bar in the middle, would I be able to have two sets of letter-sized hanging file folders..side by side?
Is this cart easy to assemble and disassemble for traveling purposes?
can this be adjusted to hold 14x18 hanging folders...
Can this be adjusted to hold hanging 11x17 folders? Will they fit? Like these: http://www.amazon.com/Pendaflex-Reinf...
for first time installation, there are squared clear tape on bottom of the inkjet. Do I need to peel it off before installation?
Instruction says air vent should be open when install. Do I put back the plug/cap after it's settled in the printer?
This kit is for epson artisan 50? measures package to ship?
is this dye sublimation ink?
How much weight could this hold? Sturdy enough for a CRT monitor?
is it to big for a small bedroom
Is it white or black? The title of the item says "white" but the description says color: black
I have a chair that measure 24" height from floor to top of arm rest, will this chair fit under the desk?
Im 5 11 and Im wondering if this desk is big enough for me + a computer chair to have leg room?
Can you assemble it mirrored, namely have the hollow side on the left?
Demensions?
Why is this only 49.99 on IKEA but 95.00 + 29.49 shipping on Amazon?
Can the drawer lay flat for a keyboard?
what are the dimensions?
does the tray where the bills are it comes out i mean to say that can the bill tray be seprated
is the weight of this box right ?
how much cash does it hold, in general?
what kind of security cable lock is it compatible with?
I have lost the keys. Where can i buy another set of keys
When you lift uf the bill spring does the lever stay up out of your way or do you have to hold it up with 1 hand while dishing out the cash w/ other?
does it come with keys?
What are the dimensions of the box?
is it fire proof?
How many bills will each of the spring-hinge slots hold?
Does this support a keyboard wedge ("daisy chain" keyboard to scanner to pc) connection?
Will this read a USPS shipping label barcode? Many will not.
Can I use this to clock in gym members
What software is useful to build a data base with this scanner?
We got this item. It drops numbers. So, 12345 might scan as 1235. 10 scans in a row (of the same barcode) might yield one complete scan. Ideas?
Can this scanner read barcodes from smartphone screens such as an iPhone, Galaxy S5, etc.?
The scanner I am comparing this to (from Demco library supplies), can scan 150 scans per second. Any one know how fast this one works?
Can this scan 39 barcodes?
can you scan usps barcodes and send the numbers to e-bay
does this work with mac computer and android cellphone?
can you leave it on the stand and move books under it to hands free read the barcodes?
does this read the barcode &amp; enter into the excel sheet ?
can i use this bar code scanner for products from stores and get the information and price I paid to use in my expense report?
does the scanner work with collectorz music software
Does this work on Windows 8 system ?
Will this work with QR codes?
Is there a confirmation tone when the bar code is read?
Will this work with Mac
is it compatible with Shopkeep?
Can't get it to scan or beep. What do I need to do?
I would like to mount these on my wooden kitchen table. How should I do this?
Do some of them have brakes?
Is this wheel recommend for laminate flooring?
Has anyone had any problems with them decomposing after a couple months, leaving particles all over the mat?
What is the stem height for these casters?
You provide stem diameter and wheel size but I do not see any info on stem length. What is it? Thanks
Do these slow down the movement of the rolling chair. My new laminate is so slick, and the casters on my new rolling chair roll to easily? I
that price is for each wheel or 5 wheels?
Has anyone used these casters on an Ikea office chair?
Will this "universal" standard fit on my existing office chair whose caster stem is a threaded bolt not the slick stem design of these wheels?
Can I return this printer and get a written apology from HP?
is the HP Officejet 6700 Premium e-all-in-one wireless color photo printer etc. still being made or is it being replaced?
Is this printer compatible with a Kindle Fire?
is the HP Officejet 6700 Premium color photo printer still being made?
will it print in black if you leave the empty color cartridge in or does the color cartridge have to have ink in it'
Please, how do i TURN OFF the 2 sided printing? I NEVER want that and it takes time to uncheck it every single time I print?
does it work with windows 8
What is included with this printer? Is the Black and Color Cartridges included?
hp 6700 printer will it operate if color ink is out?
does this printer work with windows 7
the size small or large
prinit capacity of regular vs XL
Will this work on the HP Officejet 6700 Premium?
Did anyone else ever receive ink past the expiry date? I can't believe I just received my 932 Black and it's almost a year past Expiry! 1/16/15
why does it say it won't work with hpofficejet6100
how many copies will this cartridge make?
How many pages will this cartridge print?
How compatibile is this printer to the Microsoft Surface RT? I know it interacts w/HP6500. But I want a 2nd cheaper printer for another location.
I have tried for hours to try to clear paper jam, I have cleaned it, put new paper in it, unplugged while on, nothing but paper jam. Any ideas??
Want to get a scale to weigh ink cartridges for my HP officejet4620. It has four cartridges. Someone mentioned a range of 16.5 through 40, but I don't know what the term is for the weight factor?
We use this printer wirelessly only and print from three different computers. I cannot find how to set it permanently in draft mode. Can anyone help?
what is the power adapter part number?
How do I go into printer settings to select fast draft in order to save ink?
How much ink does it use compared to other similar printers?
Is HP printer compatible to an Apple Mac Computer? No where to put the disc
anyone have problems with this printer not printing black ink? my ink was low, I replaced cartridge and now nothing
Printer stopped printing the black ink, color was fine. I reordered ink from HP direct and replaced all five cartridges, black still won't print.
Are ink cartridges INCLUDED
Does this printer handle cardstock well feeding from the tray?
Will this printer handle envelopes?
Do you ever have to replace the ink service module?
If one color runs out, will it stop the printer from printing if not immediately replaced?
WHAT ARE THE DEMENSIONS
my computer is not wireless, can I still use this printer?
Will this printer print both sides (duplex) of card stock like greeting cards and invitations?
are the cartridges easy to put in in the 8100 printer?
Hello, is this compatible with the iPad mini?
Is this product autovolt, bivolt, 100-120V or 200-240V? Thanks.
Is there any sort of warranty associated with this product?
Would this hold up well in a classroom?
How large of a paper can this machine laminate
does it scan laminated cards, like driver's license and health insurance cards
Is this also a printer? Print a page from the computer?
Does this scanner scan barcodes?
What is the difference between document scanner and computer scanner between 6130 and 6140
does this Comes with Kofax&reg; VRS&reg; Professional and ScandAll PRO 2.0 Premium
does the fi6130Z work with windows 8
Does it work with Mac's
why does it saves multiple copies to different file folders?
is this compatible with windows 7
Why is this product so expensive? My workplace uses them and they don't seem all that special.
how many pages does this scanner hold at one time
How does this scanner perform doing batch scanning of old photographs? Does it damage photos? How is the quality of the scanned photos? Thanks very much!
What warranty comes with the scanner?
Does this scanner have a document autofeeder or do you have to feed the scanner page by page?Does this work with windows 8.1?
Can this scanner be used with Rack2-Filer?
I want a reliable machine...which is better the fi-6130z or the fi-7160? We will be scanning several thousand documents. Letter and legal size.
What is the best document management software to use with scanner?
How does this plug into the phone? Our phone system does not have audio port; only phone line type ports for headsets.
Will this work with our own recorded message on a USB Drive?
Will this work with a Toshiba CIX/CTX 100 system?
Will it loop the message like the old cassettes used to do while on hold
Will this work with the Norstar phone system? Have 5 incoming lines
Before buying: How do you have all of the audio files sorted in the USB drive? If I want a welcome greeting to play FIRST, and then music AFTER, how?
what if our phone has a DATA port. will it work?
can i choose which files i want to play and/or build a playlist and shuffle the playlist
how do I turn the volume down?
With my last music on hold system, I could combine my own mp3 music files with the supplied announcements so they overlapped. Can this do that?
Will this work on canon inkjet printer? i know its says develop for hp. thanks
Are these completely clear? Some have a cloudy and/or blue tint.
Can you use Transparency markers on them like Vis-A Vis?
How do I load these into the printer? Do I leave the white strip on? Never printed a transparency before.
I need acid free paper to transfer image for my artwork. Are these acid free, archival?
What is the thickness of the transparency?
does it work for laser printers?
How do they compare with HP premium transparency film on Photosmart black print only
What is the best printer settings for use with these? I just tried on "Ultra photo" and was very pixelated... paper print was fine. (ink blended)
Can you use write-on wipe-off transparency markers with these?
Can I use this with the new Windows 8
Can this be connected to my wireless mobile devices such as tablet or iPhone?
Will this printer do duplexing Print both sides
Does it support Macintosh computers? What about iPad printing?
I want to print from my Kindle Fire tablet to my Brother MFC-435W printer. For this particular mfc model is there a free application to download?
Looking at a used J435W. I need it to print (color) product labels to apply to packages of baked goods. Anyone have experience w/labels?
Has anyone had success printing wirelessy from a Ipad? Thanks.
I would like to use this printer on my office wired network not wireless. It says it's network ready so I assume I can do this. Has anyone tried?
Does the printer have windows 8 capabilty for printing documents e ither mfc-j 425W or 435W
How do you get the scanner to work on this printer?
Can these crates be stacked?
Does it come with the metal frame inside to hang the files on?
How many folders can it fit?
Measurements, please. Thanks.
what are the dimensions?
Do they come with the chips that make them work with a Workforce 630?
Will these fit an Epson NX430 printer?
Do they work on WF-2540
Does this work on Epson WF-3520 Printer and how many pages each color can print approx ? Thank you,
Where is the gray ink?
Where these true to color?
what is the self life for the cli 226 cartridge ?
Do you have a list of compatible printers?
Are they good for printing photos?
Do they have chip on the ink cartridge
are these empty tanks or are they full of ink for the 5.99
what is OEM ink?
Does this connects to the cash drawer to open after printing a ticket?
Can I print a PDF, Word, or Excel spreadsheet from that printer? (in miniature)
Is windows 8 supported yet?
Does it work with IOS
Will it work with the square system?
the status light is red and it won't print. Manual doesn't give a number for tech support. how can this problem be corrected?
the disc driver arrive broken, where can dowload drivers for58mm USB POS receipt thermal printer??
How do i get the printing on the reciepts smaller tried everything changed the fonts it seems set!!
Hello, works on Linux?
Hi, i need to know if is possible print from microsoft excel or word with this printer?
Can this be printed on both sides? Would the image show through to the other side?
What is the thickness of each PIECE?
Is this a good thickness for greeting cards?
Can i use this for birthday invitations? I will need to cut them to 4x6 size after printing
Is this a good cardstock to use with stamps and alcohol based markers such as Copic and Spectrum Noir markers?
is it true you can use this for watercolor painting?
Would this work to print out playing cards? (deck of cards) Thanks!
Would this paper hold up to make program fans with a stick attached for a wedding?
How is this different than "classic crest cover solar white 8-1/2x11 110lb 250/pkg" which is much more expensive?
Can Copics be used on this paper without damage and/or bleed through?
I want to use this paper for blank recipe cards to print out a template of a recipe card. Is this the right weight for that use? Thanks.
Does anyone know the pounds per meters squared for this paper? (It should be in small print on the label of the paper package)
Is this cardstock actually 110lbs or not? Many comment that it is flimsy. Also, is the paper shiny white on one side, matte on the other? Thanks
Is this size A4 paper?
Is this printable on both sides?Thanks a lot!
How thick is the paper? How many pts? I want to use it as postcard stock, and it has to be around 10 pts. thick.
Can the sidebar where the hooks hang go on either side? Is there any way to get a second one to hang things on both sides of the unit?
measurements
how wide is it
What size are the casters and could you put larger ones on the cart?
What tools, if any, are needed for assembly?
I want to put something tall (20") on the bottom shelf. Can I just leave out (i.e., omit) the middle sliding shelf when I assemble it?
Can you switch the slide out shelf with the bottom shelf?
Will this cart hold a 1.4 cubic feet microwave fit on the top?
The measurements are just right for my printer to sit on, plus room for paper and stuff. Is this sturdy enough for a standard printer to sit on?
Are the hooks removable? Are they permanently attached?
Does it work with the Mac?
Does it have a function to "mute" (black out the screen)?
I dont have my directions. Is there a resource that I can go to or view to attain the set up instructions for the remote control clicker.
Will this work with smartboard presentation software? (smart notebook?) thanks
Has anyone used this clicker with prezi?
Does it work with any LINUX OS like DEBIAN?
I don&acute;t know if I am doing something wrog but the device is not working at all, when I try to sync it, only move one page and the stop working.
The wireless receiver does not fit into my USB port....i'm wondering if i need some sort of adapter?
does it have a pointer also
Just to be clear, is a projector needed for this remote, or can I use the remote directly with my laptop?
Is the shelf adjustable or fixed? If fixed, how high are the two storage spaces (above and below the shelf)?
Any reason why this would not be good for Tupperware or plastic food storage container storage?
How tall is it?
what is the material?
Where was this cabinet made at?
If I purchase 2 and placed them next to each other, could it hold a 43 lb (50") flat screen tv on top?
Is it already assembled?
how wide and dep?
What are the outside dimensions?
How many shelves
Can I use this tray instead of the tray that comes with the printer?
Could I add this tray to the HP8600 base model?
Will this tray work with Hp 8620?
can this tray be used to print legal size
can this tray be used to print envelopes? on the pro 8600 plus
Can this tray install with the 8610 EAIO ?
Could this tray work with the 8610 model
whuldI be able to print on legal paper using this tray?
how much taller does this make the overall printer? I have limited height space in my shelf...
can you still print 2 sided when you use the paper from this 2nd tray?
Does this mount on drywall without studs? If so does the appropriate hardware come with it?
How much weight can this board with these mounts hold?
Can it be turned 90 degrees so it is vertical?
Can you see through the glass? Would colored walls or wallpaper show through?
Does the board come with a marker tray?
dry-erase or wet-erase? can one use either kind of marker?
We need a board that doesn't have a glare. How bad is the glare under florecent lights?
Does the mounting hardware put the board flush with the wall or is a stand-off mount included? If standoff mount how far off the wall is it?
How heavy is the board?
Does the hardware come off completely so it can be just a plain piece of glass or is it built into it?
Does the scanner have a multi-page document handler? An Automatic feed for a multi page set of documents I want to scan all at once. Or is this a one page at a time machine?
How long is the covering of the wanranty?
can you fax from this printer
is printer compatible with windows 8.1?
This work on color and photo printer.. Thank you.
does it have a air print ?
My computer is wireless. Can I use this printer to print? Thanks
In which country was the product made?
With expedited shipping by when can you guarantee the item? I live in Los Angeles, zip code 90007. I would need it by Friday night.
what is the length of the handle and does the product come in a special made box for it.
if ordered will the sound block come with it, or will I have to reorder, and can I get both items engraved?
can you engrave this or do i have to get it engraved when received
can I use xl catrige for this printer?
Do i need an internet connection voor a wifi p rinter? I have an ipad and want a printer for it.
Will the scanner functions still work if the printer ink runs out?
Will these work on Zebra LP-2844?
Are these only for thermal printers, or can someone use sharpie markers or paints to hand decorate?
are these permanent or semi-permanent labels?
Are these labels BPA-free?
Will these labels work for Zebra GC420d? It's the new model that replaces Zebra LP 2844
Do these labels have the removable bottom tab receipt?
will these work on the ZP500?
do these stick to tyvek well?
Will it fit in the Zebra 450CTP printer?
Are these perforated between the labels?
can store name be added?
Can this be battery operated?
Can this be battery operated?
WHAT ARE THE DIMENSIONS ?
Has Franklin updated their Scrabble Dictionary to include all the words in the Official Scrabble Dictionary, 5th edition (It has been sold for 6 mo)
Does it sound words or phrases?
does it find words with missing letters for crossword puzzles
I'm very disappointed since you can't deliver this product to my shipping address? Isn't there any other possibility?
what kind of batteries does it use?
Do the handsets have speaker phone feature?
Has anyone used a non-system phone with this set? We have a site which will be out of range (even with repeaters) and I'd like a phone there also.
do the handsets come with belt clips
If I have 4 lines with roll-over will the extension ring when the first line is busy. ( and the second and third )
Is it an analog system?
what is the difference between the models sb67138 and sb67158?
Does it have a data port so that I can plug in a fax machine
How many jacks do you need? Can you plug it in to just 1 jack that caries the 4 lines?
When calls come in will they be able to be directed to a handheld voicemail?
Are these phones compatible with Comcast sevice
Are these compatible with Samsung Galaxy Note 2?
Will these tags work through a case specifically a spigen slim armour for a nexus 5?
Are these compatible with the Samsung Galaxy Note 3? I see they're not compatible with the S4, so I assume they're not.
Do these tags work with the HTC One (M7)?
I have a HP Photosmart 7525 e-All-in-One Printer. Can I use 'PrintPayLess Brand Smart Ink Refill Kit for HP 564 HP 564XL (non-OEM)?
Hi, it says on product details "Refill Kit for HP 564 HP 564XL (non-OEM)" is that mean I cannot use HP original cartridges ?
I have an HP Photosmart c309a which takes 564 and 564XL. Does anybody know if this will work for my printer?
i bought another kit and should have purchased this one. Any chance that the tanks are refillable so I could use the ink I have already purchased?
The product description says 100ml of each color. All product photos clearly show 60ml containers. What is the truth? That's a 40% difference.
hi there. so do i need the original cartridges? no need to make a hole? this packages do the thing? ty.
Is the width of the arm rests adjustable (meaning from side-to-side) or fixed? If fixed, how wide is it from the inside edge of each arm?
What is the minimum depth of the seat?
What is the range for the height of the chair from the floor to the bottom ot the seat cushion? I am particularly interested in how high.Thanks
What are the dimensions of the actual SEAT cushion, that is width and depth?
At the lowest setting, how tall are the top of the arms from the floor?
Can you leave the arms off?
Can you tilt the back to any angle or are there just a few specific stops preset?
Is this truly for short people? My leg is 15-16" from knee to top, most chairs are too deep so feet &amp; back can't touch floor/back of chair.
I'd like to know the minimum seat depth. From previous comments, someone said 14" and another said 18". Can someone tell me which is correct?
I am 5'4" and even while wearing 3" heels my feet do not even touch the floor with the chair at the lowest setting - am I doing something wrong?
Does this board easily portable?
Does this board hold flipchart pads?
Is this collapsable so it doesnt take up too much storage space?
how high the the top of the white board when on the tripod
can I place the whiteboard horizontally and vertically onto the tripod?
Is this Dye Color Ink and Pigment Black ink ? Thanks
How many times does this kit refill the cartridges?
can you use this on the Cannon Pixma Mx432?
Do the three different colors go into one or three separate chambers within the ink cartridge?
i lost refill instruction, where can i get it?
TYPE: Black: Pigment Based Ink / Color: Dye Based Ink??? thanks
Are the prints as good as the original ink? Do you notice any difference at all?
I have the original ink cartridge that came with the printer. Is it refillable? Or do I need to order a "refillable" cartridge?
Is it compatible with the Canon PIXMA MX-432?
how many cartridges can you fill with a 250 ML Bottle?
It says it works for PG-240, but PIXMA MG2200 that it isn't on the pull-down menu of models it complies with.
What bit technology are these? 33 BIT? 34 BIT? 35 BIT?
Can you specify the facility code and fob number range when ordering?
How can I find out what the numbers on these FOBs are if they do not come printed? My device does not come with software. Is there additional hardware
Are these HID FOBS blank, in other words, no codes written on them ? I need them to be blank, or, if not blank, can they be overwritten ?
Does this item work with the HID ESR40 EdgeReader Solo?
Will this printer work with Air print (for iPhone and iPad) ?
Does this printer work with OSX 10.9?
It doesn't work. It says: "FUSER UNIT FAILURE #U1-2320" What can I do?
will this accept 11x17 paper
does it come with toner?
Can I use it on my Windows 8 OS?
Will this printer work with Windows 8 OS?
Is it normal that when you try to print by using MAC OS X 10.10.3 it usually take 1 or 2 minutes to start printing? sometimes my Macbook Pro don't fin
how do i connect printer to wireless phone
How to change sleep mode?
Looking at buying these for classrooms. Classrooms are close together. Any problem with interference when two are used close to each other?
can i used it with prezi
will it work with open office
does it works with Windows 8 and power point 2010?
What kind of battery does it use??
If it write like a pen?
Would it also work for mac?
Just to make sure, this product would not work with a Mac?
I know the dimensions are 18.5 x 14 x 11 inches but which of these is the height?
how many quarts is this?
Do letter-sized hanging files actually HANG from something?
Are there any sharp edges near the rim, and does the lid securely snap on? Thank you!
What is the color of the lid?
Would this hold an 18x12" photo without bending?
Are these good for storage of other things too?
I keep having a problem where the legal size files don't actually *hang* but stand on the bottom. Will they hang in this box?
Would these fit in the box? http://www.amazon.com/Smead-Hanging-F...
Is the file box built strong enough to stack multiple bins (3 to 4) without cracking the TOP on the bottom bin?
Is this Sterlite unit 13.8 inches wide, high, or deep? Need to know before I buy.
How deep "exactly" are the drawers?
are the drawers transparent blue or just clear?
Someone asked about stacking and one answer is they are prone to slipping. Stacking on a desk with velcro, are there good edges on the underside?
could I fit my full size laptop into the bottom drawer? - need these drawers to be my office storage in my bedroom armoire!
In this pack do you get 2 drawers or 1?
Does13 3/4" L means the front size or side size?
are they stackable?
How high is this unit?
How deep is this unit? i.e. from front to back
Is the 20 inch width inside or outside the rails around the top? My printer is 19.5 in wide.
what are the dimensions? Thanks
Are there adjustable shelves inside the cabinet? Thanks.
wood colors vary and are hard to tell from picture. is this a really light oak, closer to a pine / natural color, or is a more of a medium dark oak?
How many pencils does this fit? I'm hoping this fits 36 colored pencils.
What are the dimensions of the box?
does it have compartments?
how sturdy is this case? I want to use it for my daughter's pencils and color pencil to carry from home to school and back and tossed around.
Does this have compartments (dividers)?
coulg this hold lasagna noodles
Will this hold 20 skinny markers?
are they gift packed?
If i order today, how long till i receive them? I need them by Saturday.
How many are in a lot?
How many notes are in a pad?
Are there 24 note pads per package for $8.85?
Does each sheet have the writing on it, or is it just the furst page? Are they sticky notes?
are they gift packed?
How high is the lip?
What is the maximum height it'll adjust to?
How much does it weight?
What is its lowest vertical height?
How do I get replacement parts.
it looks like a dark gray laminate in the photo but the description says it's mahogany color -- which is correct?
I am interested in buying a light to clamp to this. The lectern light description says it will clip up to 1 1/4 inches. How thick is the top?
What is the size of the table top?
Hi, Can it be used as a laptop stand for daily use?
Can the table be detaiched from the stand?
what is the maintenance on the printer
How is this printer at regular text printing?
Can this printer be hard-wired (USB cable) to the computer instead of Wi-Fi?
If I''m not predominantly printing photographs, should I still buy this? I mainly need it for printing illustrations, and other designed materials.
How large of an image can be scanned?
I need to make sure this printer will FEED and print VERY HEAVY cardstock. I *think* the card stock is 110 lb. Anyone have experience here?
Does it bother anyone that it doesn't have a scanner? (Do you just keep a separate scanner?)
What version of Adobe PhotoshopElements is included with this printer. THe newest version is 13. Thanks
I am a visual artist who typically works in mixed media. Would this be a good printer for me? I am interested in archival, matte, giclee prints.
How do the photo prints compare to those from a Canon Pro9000?
Can the lid come off? Once off, are there any parts that stick out that would disable you from scanning oversized, rigid objects (like artwork)?
Can it make a re-namable PDF file of 1.0 MB or less and be 8.5"x11"when scanned in B+W?
1. Does this have an electrical power cord or does it run off the computer through the USB? 2. One of the reviews leads me to ask if this is WiFi/wireless?
1. Does this have a electrical power cord or does it run off the USB? 2. One of the reviews leads me to ask if this is WiFi/wireless? Thanks!
How big a document can I scan with it? 9 x 12 ?
I'm interested to know what size paper only supports ... a4?
Will this scfanner work with Windows 7?
Will this scan 11X17 documents?
How do you create a pdf file containing more than one page? Checking the "Create single image files" box under the Custom tab does not do it.
Can the lid come off? Once off, are there any parts that stick out that would disable you from scanning oversized, rigid objects (like artwork)?
Does this toner cartridge work with Samsung SCX-3405W?
How long does a cartridge last
Does this toner cartridge work with Samsung ML 2160 laser printer?
Is it included in the printer?
Is the toner cartridge for Samsung ML-2165W easy to install?
Is this a genuine Samsung toner or an after market refill that comes with a chip?
Is it a genuine Samsung toner made by Samsung or is it compatible OEM version?
is this catridge black ink only&gt;
Does Samsung make a high volumn toner for SCX3405
Does this work with the ML-2165 model?
Does this monitor arm work with a 27" iMac?
I have a new Dell 23" (about 24 lbs.) all-in-one computer and want to mount it to a wall - will this product do that?
Where can i get the "Bolt-Through Mount", which is just the flat/circular plate that mounts underneath the desk?
what VESA plate does the arm come with?
Will this monitor arm work with iMac 21.5"?
Is it 8.5 by 11
Can this guest book be personalized for a first holy communion?
Is there any writing in the inside or just lined pages? I would use this for a fashion boutique guest book, not for a wedding. Thank you.
About how many spaces does it have for guests? Wedding list is at about 250 guests.
Does this guest book have lined pages or are they blank?
how deep is the draw?
what is the cart made out of?
Are the drawers deep enough for it to be used as a lingerie chest?
Is the height listed with or without the casters?
Could you please give me all the dimensions of this cabinet?
Is the back finished the same as the front?
How does this chest of drawers compare to the Ikea Alex 9?
Dimensions without casters?
what are the measurements for this 7 drawer cabinet?
what is the height of this drawer set?
what is the size?
What is the size?
How much assembly is required? (how long should assembly take?)
Would this be sturdy enough to use two on either end to hold a piece of wood to make a desk? I realize it would be a shorter than normal desk.
It's says the drawers are only 2.55" deep but what is the actual space between drawers? I'm thinking of getting these to organize my makeup collection
Are the drawers removable?
can we lock the drawers
Do you think this would be good for nail polishes/supplies?I'm wondering if polishes would stand up?
Will this fit a large bible?
What are the measurements for this cover?
size of cover?
Size?
What is the size of the bible cover?
how is the quality of the leather?
Does this print 2-sided?
Does the scanner continue to function when the toner runs out?
will this print wireless?
Does this come with toner cartridges?
How expensive is the toner?
what ink cartridges does this take?
Can you print from a USB thumb drive?
does it print cardstock
copies per toner cartridge
does it work with windows 7?
Can any one please give a general estimate on how many pages you can expect to print per color toner set?
Does it have a wired network interface?
Can you turn Wireless off if you don't want to use it?
What's in the box? Is the new printer shipped with one b&amp;w toner or color included too?
Photo printing on a Letter size paper? Is it acceptable and useable?
Can it print Avery business cards (straight-through paper path to avoid excessive curling or premature separation of cards)?
I print invitations and announcements on heavy card stock that contain text, graphics and photos . How is graphic &amp; photo print quality?
Time to first page out? Some color printers have a significant wait until the first page prints. Thank you.
does this printer print on both sides of the sheet of paper
Does this printer do borderless printing? I need a color laser printer that does, and for whatever reason that piece of data is very difficult to find
Does it handle envelopes well?
Which of the following does this support: Windows, Mac OS, Linux, Android, iOS?
Plan to use it to print family photos on glossy paper in letter size, so not the normal 7% color coverage. how many photos printing can brand new toners support? Just need a ball park range answer.
photo quality?
What is the dimension?
print in both sides??
Tone refill kit for this machine? Has anyone tried them? How different from HP toners?
From 500 ClientMan: Is the "duplex" function full auto? Side 1 prints, the machine takes it back, and prints side 2, lvg it in the bin?
will this work with a Mac? I Pad, I phone or iPod?
The specs say printer tray 1 prints 47-58lb paper (i.e. Cardstock). Has anyone tried heavier weight cardstock and what was the result?
Will this printer print card stock or does it have a problem pulling the thicker paper through?
One of the reviews says that this isn't a wireless printer. The specs from HP says it is. Is it wireless?
Do I really need to upgrade the memory? Or when do I need to decide to upgrade the memory?
Does this come with a toner and cartridges ready to print?
Can it print documents in MSword format from a USB device connected directly to it (without using a computer)?
Does this printer print double-sided automatically or does it need to be fed manually via the tray?
I'm going to be taking over a micro-business soon which will require that I print about 600 twenty page newsletters a month. Would you recommend this?
can you scan 8.5x14 from the feeder? and whats the capacity ?
Can this printer M475dn connect to WPA2 Enterprise?
Does it come whit the original hp toner?
Is it easy to scan a 11 x 17 paper. Which is what I really need.
I want to scan fine art drawings, both b&amp;w and colored. Is scan quality accurate, detailed? Good color? Does it produce a quality, high dpi file?
Can I have a printer connected to it directly via usb and have another printer print through it via wireless ?
How well does it print on 100lb card stock or cover stock?
Can you print 11 x 17 pages?
poor quality scanned photos
does it print on card stock?
Does this machine take legal and letter paper and also photo paper of all types. Plus does it come with color cartrges and how much to refills cost
Is this compatible with a win7 64bit PC?
Can I get Archival Inks for this printer, and does the wifi go straight from my mac to router and then to printer?
Can I print 12x12 inch paper for scrapbooking with this printer?
Can you print on 100 lb cover stock? That's 83/m weight, &gt;216 gsm? And does it create a curl in the printed sheet?
For 11x17 printing, does the printer use the black cartridge, or derive black by mixing colors?
heat transfer
Is this a pigment ink printer and does it print well to sublimation paper so I can create good quality t-shirt prints?
how do you print on magnet sheets with that printer
Is this a wireless printer that will interface with a WIFI?
Does it have the option to print on 6 X 9" envelopes?
Is there a manufacturer's warranty?
Is this printer good to use for phone case sublimation?
ipad
does it have ADF for scanning and copying
How fast is it with wireless scanning? I scan about 100 pages a day and need to know if it quick and capable of handling it.
How do you load the 11 x 17 paper in this printer?!?!?!?
Will this printer print on bristal board or cardstock?
Can you crop a image to be scanned or will it only scan the entire image?
what inkjet cartridges does it use?
I do not have wireless and need to connect to a laptop for billing on cardstock of at least 90#. Do I need a usb connector?
How do I change paper trays
How quickly will this scan an 11 x 17 document (1 bit line-art)? I am mainly looking at this for the scanner and to possibly replace my pen plotter.
How do you install the drawers? They will not slide in except for about 4 inches
The photo shows files hanging from side-to-side inside the drawer. Is there an option to hang the more typical front-to-back? rails included?
Your product info shows that this file cabinet is 19" deep, and another shows larger. What are the correct dimensions?
Does it lock?
Does it come assembled?
is it solid wood? How much weight will it hold?
Does the toner cartridge come with it?
Is this a color printer
Will this printer print 14" documents?
can't i scan a color picture to my computer ?
Have a streak line along the page when using ADF scanning. What is SDS Administrator ID and Password?
I want to print double sided with 2 pages per side - pages 1 and 2 on&#26; one side, 3 and 4 on the back (NOT BOOKLET). Is it possible?
The toner can be recharged?
Does it support AirPrint?
What software comes with this, and how good is that software?
Will the document glass hold legal paper? 8.5 x 14
can this charge a cell phone?
For demonstration purpose - what is the minimum height/head and flow rate required? and also is the power wheel &amp; enclosure made of plastic? what type
The description notes the 'bridge rectifier' has printed instructions . But how do we wire it? What is "+ ~ ~ -" ?
Will is produce varying amounts of power? Or once it meets threshold it will produce a steady flow?
output? How much power does this output?
How much does it weigh?
What are the dimensions?
where is it made?
How tall is it?
is this pencil oriented to more drawing or writing?
Is it number 2? Or more broadly, will it work on standardized tests?
Will the lead hold up to a heavy hand? Just out of bad habit that will never change, I press very hard usually resulting in flying lead.
What is the difference between the 602 and the standard blackwing pencils?
Does it smudge for lefties? I am not paying this much for a pencil that will smudge as easily as a 25 cent pencil.
can you use it for scantrons?
is it really that big of a difference than regular pencils that are 30 for $6?
Are these pencils made in the USA?
Will this work on dtg VIPER (epson 4880) with DTG Dupont ink?
Does this come with a guarantee if it doesn't work?
does the cleaner head works for epson photo rx 500
I have an artisan 810. will this work with it??
I have the epson photo 1280 cleaning head from you, the cleaner is used up in some color compartments, can I get a refil?
will this work on an epson stylus 1400?
Will this work on Epson workforce 645 model?
Will this work with an Epson WP-4540?
Will this print cleaner work on canon ipf650 wide format printer (pigment ink)
I'm getting a error message that says "printhead not installed" on my Canon iP4500 inkjet printer. From what I read this can be caused by a clogged printhead. I just wondered if anyone else has had this same problem and solved it by using this cleaner?...
Is the back of this desk make of wood or cardboard?
What kind of wood is it made of. and what is the overall dimensions?
Does it have an area for hanging files?
Is there a bookcase that matches this desk?
Is the back side finished so the desk does not need to be placed up against a wall?
Can the hutch be put on either side of the desk?
Is there a pull out shelf under the center of the desk for a computer keyboard?
What is the other finish that this item is available in? It states that it comes in two finishes..
What's in the cabinet on the right? Drawers, shelves?
Does it have hardwired ethernet connectivity as well as wireless?
does it come with toner cartridges?
How is quality of photos on photo paper?
DOES THIS PRINT 11X17 DOUBLE SIDED?
Can 5 different user have a scan folder on the network and scan to different folders from the printer?
Can you email directly from the printer?
Does it come with an initial set of toner or do you have to buy that as well at the same time?
Can anyone comment on the ADF scanning from a software perspective? I was told the printer produces excellent quality however is way below par on the scanning software side due to the program locking up when scanning a 10+ page doc from the ADF...
Does this printer come with full cartridges or are they minimal which would require you to replace the cartridges soon after purchasing the printer?
Is this printer compatible with Windows 8.1?
My Parker seems to be stuck with dry ink. I tried to clean it by leaving it in water for hours but that didnt worked. Any suggestion?
What does S0808700 mean?
does the cap twist or click shut? Does it click when it is placed over the end of the pen to prepare for writing or does it just slide on?
Does it come with the box? Cause I want to take it as a gift.
If I don't use my pen often, will the ink dry and clog the tip causing it not to write?
Does it have a packing box?
does this come with a converter, or even a cartridge?
Does the lacquer scratches and wear off after extended use? Like after a few months? Or even more than one year?
Do You have PARKER SONNET Broad Nib ?
Where is made in?
Is there enough space by each family member to document birth &amp; death dates &amp; location, occupation, military service or another notable information?
I am confused about what goes where after parents information, where do i place maternal, fraternal grandparents, etc. Thanks for any help.
What is the size of this form
What information is asked for on the chart? The print is too small on my computer screen to be able to read it.
I don't get it on how to continue the back of the form. I have it all done on the front and there is not enough room for the next generation???
Does this include for suggestions for researching ancestors?o
Is it possible to include second/third marriages?
Does this work with IOS7 version? In some review I found people mentioned this doesn't work with IOS7.
when you want to print the picture , what size are they?
Will this work with an iphone 6
What is the resolusion of the scaned digital photo?
Will this work with the iPod Touch gen 4? apart from not being square edged its basically the same device minus the phone parts.
can you use it with the apple iphone 5
What is the paper to be inserted need?
well my package did't come with anything except the scanner no paper or negative what do i suppose too do it was a gift for my daughter from me
Does printing paper come with the printer?
is this compatiable with any smart phone
I saw a lot of transfer frustration on the reviews. If I don't use the eye-fi card, just use a regular SD card to scan and view it on my computer?
Can this works for scanning receipts? Have any one used it for scanning receipts?
Does it work well for scanning newspaper articles?
What is the max paper size can this scan?
can you print documents wirelessly from the scanner
Is it possible to combine scanned documents and receipts into one pdf or will each page scanned become its own pdf?
1. Can this scanner (a) be powered off of a plug-in jack, (b) be powered off of USB? 2. Can you set this scanner to crop to image?
do you have to buy an eye fi card?
Does this work with Android?
Does it convert handwritten documents into text documents?
Will it transfer 8mm film too. I have a lot of really old film. If not are there any suggestions
Will the 35mm trays hold a 3D slide without having to remove either film strip from the cardboard slide holder?
What is the largest size negative the Wolverine Negative tray accept
Will this product work with a flat bed scanner or do I need to purchase another scanner
Do these negative trays hold 110mm?
Does it work with the F2D20?
Can I use this tray with F2DSUPER? or this is only for F2D20
Do 110 negatives work in these trays? Thank you.
Does this work with the F2D 20-Super (Yellow One)?
Do these trays work with the Wolverine SNAP-14 Photo Scanner ?
I want to convert slides to normal sizw photos. Will this do it or make them smaller?
Will this slide holder work with Wolverine F2D-14?
Will it work on a F2D20 20MP scanner?
I have a lot of mounted slides with frames about .6 in thick - a bit thicker than Kochachrome .4 in paper frames. Would these trays work?
Will these work with the yellow Wolverine 20 MP 4in1 film to digital converter F2Dsuper?
Will these slide trays work with the original F2D (black) converter?
What are the dimensions of the telephone? I especially need the depth of the entire unit. Thank you.
Is it battery or plug-in?
Does it come with the bracket to wall mount it?
Does the Caller ID display the NAME of who is calling in addition to the number ?
Do I have to have plug in or can it be used with batteries only?
Is it possible to turn on/off phone ring?
does it have volume control for the hard of hearing
how many phone nuumbers can it store
DOES IT NEED AC POWER TO OPERATE
Does fone come with headset jack?
I can't find the measurements for this. Can someone please give me the H, W and D. Thank you.
Can these be used horizontally as well?
Can these be stacked? I want to use them on a shelf that has a door and is 28" high. I would like to stack 5 of them, Are they strong enough?
Is the bottom of each section sealed? The one I have now is not, and the papers roll beneath the partion in front curling the papers.
Can it be mounted on wall?
How wide are each of,the pockets?
Can something with 12 " width fit in that
will this hold file folders? They are 11 1/2 inches.
What is the total height of the unit? It must be more than 3 5/8 inches??
Is this magnetic? I have some refrigerator magnets I'd like to decorate it with.
Does this paper have the pearl shimmer color on both sides?
Has anyone printed/copied a 2 sided document on this paper?
do both sides of the paper have a shimmer?
When I read "ink jet and laser compatible in text", does that mean that the paper only works with text, or will image printing work with this paper?
I'm looking for a shimmer paper for wedding invites, do I want the cardstock or the text paper? I don't want it to be too heavy or too light.
Do you have a smaller package with less sheets. I want to order but to try and see if it works for me I need a small amount.
Is this paper as thick as invitations sold from sites such as shutterfly?
Is the shimmer on the front and back? Or just the front?
Can I run these through a printer at home?
would color images come out ok on this paper?
Will the ink smudge??? when printed on this paper??
Do you ship your items to Germany?
Is this a pretty heavy card stock? I need something pretty sturdy almost postcard strength.
Is the color actual white with sheen? In the second photo the color "pearl" looks like a gray color.
Is this paper foldable? I am looking in making my wedding invitations.
Is the shimmer color double sided?
how much to ship so i get this in 2 days?
Does copier ink stick well, what color is the back and can you print on both sides?
Will it work with the WorkForce 615?
These worked great until halfway through the black my Workforce 645 started saying there is no black ink installed and won't print black. Help?
I can print off a few papers before my computer will not print correctly.and I have to do several head cleanings to get it back to normal. Any Ideas?
Will these work in Epson WF 3520 it is not listed but takes 127 cartridges?
Do you sell it without ink?
does it already come with ink?
Is this compatible with EPSON NX420 ?
Is this item compatible with Epson WF-3520?
It seems to be only one left in stock. Could you please provide color/pattern and nib size?
Does it hold ink or cartridges? Can I buy those from you?
Do you have a semi translucent black one, sometimes called charcoal?
What is the tip point? Bold or medium?
Hi! Do you have available in green? is green solid or translucent green as the picture show? Whas is the nib size? Thanks
does it take a sheaffer universal or classic fountain refill
Is this scanner compatible with IOS 8.01?????. Ours doesn't seem to be.
Does this scanner work with the ipad mini
Can documents be scanned and then sent via email with using only iPad or is a computer necessary? Is it at all possible to scan and send? Thanks
Per the product description, it appears that all scanned pictures, documents, etc., will be directly stored in the iPad. How do I transfer everything into my computer??
does not give me a saving option?
If I attached a bluetooth adapter, will it scan wirelessly?
I loved this scanner. High quality for saving old photos etc. Need 30 pin to lightning adapter for IPad Air but now ios 8-what 2 do?
does this print also
Does this work with iPhone 4S?
Once documents are scanned, can they be separated into files? For example, all electric bills go into the electric file?
What are the dimensions on one of these? They are listed as 8x6x6 which doesn't sound right.
there are six or just one case
size
Could the accordion thing inside be removed possibly? I am curious if it could be converted into a simple case for holding business cards...
How is the quality of these cases? Some of these aluminum cases are made quite cheaply &amp; the latch breaks &amp; so does the plastic sections.
Can you put a logo on the wallets?
This product in a physical store in the U.S. or shipped from Hong Kong?
what assorted colors do they come in?
What colors are available? I'm looking for an orange one.
Are the dimensions provided for these wallets accurate?
Hi I need something that I can wheel down the hall and take in the elevator to the laundry room and back. Is this put together well enough to work? tks
what are the exact measurements of this hamper?
What is the clearance height/measurement? Floor to bottom of frame/bags with wheels on. (Please say 3 3/4 inches or more!) Thanks.
What is the width (on the narrow side) between the two end-bars? I have a narrow "alleyway" between my washer and dryer that it must fit between.
Are these bags easily washable?
Are you able to purchase replacement bags?
Is there framing under the bags to rest on?
what is the size of the hamper?
What is the total height? I have a cabinet I would like to slide it under but my maximum height is 291/2 inches tall. I did see that the length is 30 but I need the height including the wheels. Thanks.
when assembled, what is the total length?
Are these cartridges sealed in the original packaging? Please confirm that these are genuine Brother cartridges.
I'm confused about quantity, so you mean it includes 4 blk, 4 magenta, 4 yellow, 4 cyan so total toners are 16, aren't they??
Are all 4 Toners TN115?
original brother toner?
Does the 90P0100 use toner (powder) cartriges or ink (liquid) cartriges?
How does the envelope feed work? Do you have to take paper out of the paper tray or is there a separate envelope feeder?
Do the ink cartridges come with the printer?
Is the Lexmark 90P0100 Wireless compatable with Windows 8 operating system?
Can it be wired
can you scan multiple pages to a single file?
How many PPM does this Lexmark 90P0100 print?
Is the 90P0100 compatible with the latest version i-pads?
Forgive me if this is a stupid question, but does shredded material take up less space in the trash can than unshredded material? Approx % difference?
Manual says nothing about oiling machine. Only mention of oil is do not use flammable synthetic oil. Also, i don't see where to put oil. Please tell.
How wide is the paper opening?
is this fairly quiet?
does it overheat? does it then shut off? if so for how long?
How large are the pieces of "shred"?
how can i fix a serious paper jam?
Does it shred checkbooks?
Does it have a paper tray to hold items to be shredded?
Can anyone tell me the specific dimensions in term of Length, Width, Depth?
INK REPLACEMENT- WILL IT WORK IF ONE COLOR IS OUT
does it do double sided printing
Mac Mini running Snow Leopard. Is the printer and all the wireless functions compatible?
Does it save documents as .pdf and pictures as .jpg?
Is this printer capable of duplex scanning/copying from the automatic document feeder?
IS this compatible with Windows 8
We just switched internet services&amp;now the printer says it's offline.We re-entered our password and all that on theprinter, but it's still not online
can this printer work with android cell phone and I Phone.will it also work good with my H.P laptop, And my Macpro laptop
The light near my printer's wifi symbol is solid blue light, does that mean it's online? My laptop says it's offline. (this is followup to last quest
INKJET PRINTER OR LASER PRINTER? WHAT IS THIS?
thanks for answers .. how do i delete this question. i hit edit but it says options are update or cancel dont see any delete or remove
Two questions: Is the Fax function hard wired? On a scale of 1-10 (with 10 being best) how does it rate in photo printing?
HOW DO USE THE PAPER HOLDER ON TOP OF PRINTER
Is it compatible with windows xp
can it be connected to a HP 8 window lab top
Can i print from my android phone? I cannot figure out how to do it.
can you use all the fuctions with a mac pro
Does it magnify and/or shrink
I've had this for a couple years. I still cannot figure out how to scan multiple pages and save as one document. Can anyone enlighten me?
Do i need to buy additional USB dongle attached to this printer to print wirelessly or not ?
What is the adjustable range for the foot rest? Ex: Another chair's ring goes from 5.5" to 15.5" above the floor.
Does this chair tilt back or forth and you are able to lock it into that position. Also what is the exact minimum and maximum height from seat to fl?
does the back of the chair move or is it stationary? Meaning will it recline back a little bit?
How tall does this thing get. Different Chairs have different heights. How high up does the actual seat get? Inches please for measurement.
Does this have built in correction tape?
Are these ribbons comparable with IBM Wheelwriter 1000?
Are these Ribbons comparable to IBM Wheelwriter 3
Is this ribbon compatible with lift off correction tape?
Can if use this for IBM Lexmark typewriter #6781-024
Would this be compatible with the wheel writer 1500, it seems similar but not sure
Correctable tape also?
Is this compatible for IBM Wheelwriter model 6781 ?
what is the black box for
Is there a way to transfer calls between these phones or put the call on hold and page another handset to tell them there is a call on hold?
I NEED MORE THAN 3 HANDSETS
What is a voltage of charges? Is it 110V only, or it is 110-240v?
Can the talking caller ID be shut off and just use one that you can look down and see who is calling?
Is this blue tooth compatable?
can the cordless handsets be mounted on the wall?
To troubleshoot, it references the OK button. But darned if I can find one - Help
can this phone block calls from telemarketers
Can you use a headset with these phones? Is there an input for a Panasonic wired headset?
does it have caller ID
Can you turn off ring for satellite unit?
Can a single extra phone be purchased to add to this panasonic phone?
Can you have more than one person on the phone at one time, without dialing another handset?
Can you Block callers
How do you call in from a remote location to hear messages?
Can the base unit hang on the wall (holding the handset) or does it have to sit on the desk?
Can you use a headset with this phone?
are the batteries included?
does that have speakerphone function from base unit?
Does it have call blocking, and how many numbers can it block?
Is there a wall-hanging feature with any of the handsets or base station?
can you plug in one of the phones a head seat. not interested in holding while talking if I can get away with it. Thank you
Does this phone have call waiting ID where you can see who is trying to call in?
work in power outage ?
Can you access the answering machine from any of the handsets (not just from the base unit)?
Is there a setting for the phone not to ring even once if call is from a number in Caller Block list? Some models can be set for that. Hope 4734 can.
encrypted call security
Can the base be wall mounted?
Can more than one handset be in use at a time, like if my husband and I both wanted to talk to the caller at the same time?
Does each phone have a socket for headsets??
Can you block certain callers?
is there a announced called id?
Do they have 2-line phones? I have old panasonics with 2-lines which we need.
is there call screening?
Is this VOIP compatible?
Can this work with 220V?
Can u use flash to answer an incoming call while talking with someone else.
does it have a fax function
Can two handsets be on the same call at the same time?
Does it continue to indicate you have a message until you delete it?
Can you hear the caller on the base of the answering machine without picking up
What is the maximum number of rings that can be set before the answering machine picks up?
Is there an audible indicator when you have a new message or is it just visual?
Is there a way to turn off the talking caller ID?
can I hang this on the wall
Can more than one handset be used at the same time for the same call?
How many different ringer or melodies can you create to notify you of special calls
It says on the specs that this phone has remote access to the answering machine. Does this mean that one can check the messages from a different phone such as when on vacation?
caller id?
does it have a headset jack or can you use a wireless headset?
Can I plug the main unit into my computer? Or the router? I am happy with present service (Brighthouse) and don't want to change.
WHAT IS THE RANGE?
Hello, Can someone help me clarify on the following question: Does the phone Panasonic KX-TG4742B HAVE or NOT HAVE a headset JACK so that I can SEPARATELY purchase a headset and use it? Thanks so much! Have a great day! ~S.S
Is it possible to use the handset speakerphone while the handset is on the charger?
how easy it is to mute this phone so that the ringer shuts off? (for my grandma to figure out!) can it be done on either phone? or only the base?
doesthis phone have a back up operation
Does it have a wall mount, handset locator and clip?
Is it slippery to hold?
Can we hear the message people are leaving from the base unit? A lot of times if we are busy, we want to hear the message as it is being left.
When you check voicemail on one of the handsets, do the lights then stop blinking on all of the handsets?
One reviewer said you need to press a button to answer an incoming call. Is that true?
Is the base wall mountable
Do all handsets have speakerphone capability?
does it have memory dialing
Is the base unit plug in or does it rely entirely on batteries for charging
Does the phone have a place to plug in a headphone jack?
My caller ID shows up with "California" and the number. I have caller ID service. What's up? Why no name
Can the answering be checked for messages from a remote phone, when away from home?
Can multiple persons speak on separate handsets during a call? Are all 5 handsets live during a call?
if I am on Bluetooth and receive a call from my cell to base or handset does this use my minutes from my cell carrier. I hope it bypass the carrier mi
does this phone have caller announce and if it does is the announcememt clear
is this bluetooth capable to use with hearing aids
Is this only 110v or it would work also with a 220v power outlet?
Does the Caller ID feature require the Caller ID telco service in order to work?
How is volume for the hard of hearing, hand held phone &amp; speaker volume.
What is the max distance between the Base and a Handset and what is the max distance between the Base and a paired cellphone
I receive telephone calls via internet ("triple play"), not literally a "landline." Does this instrument work with such setup?
I work from home a lot and only have a wired headset, does this have a place for me to plug my headset into the base?
Wall mount well?
can I use this phone using only bluetooth &amp; no plug in to a land line&gt;
Has anyone used these phones with an Ooma Telo phone system? If so, what is voice quality &amp; does incoming caller ID function properly?
Does the contacts list, after uploading, stay current with changes in the cell phone automatically?
Can cell calls use answering machine
does it have intercom
Does the bluetooth work with iPone6? How many cordless hand sets does the base support. I need total of 7 including the base.
Does the handset have a good, clear, loud speakerphone. (not the base)
how well does hands free speaker work
Does silent mode silent the base ring as well?
how long is the resording time for the answering machine
Could someone comment on the range of this phone. I don't see it mentioned in the specs. Thanks.
Can this pair with a bluetooth enabled neck loop for hearing aids? (eg. Phonak iCom)
Isthe speaker option clear and easy to hear? Thanks
Which country was this product manufactured in?
Does this product work in a foreign country where its expected to work at 230V?
Does it have Push-To-Talk feature? Block call?
What kind of battery does this phone use.?
Does it have a lighted alert (rather than only an icon) when a Voip message is waiting?
is this compatible with verizon home phone connect?
can you buy extra handsets for it?
can you make your own message?
Can you turn the ringer off? I see patients in my office and there are times where I do not want the phone to ring.
Does this answering machine beep when you have a message?
Can you tell me if this phone has a "Do not disturb" button so even if the ringer is off, you would NOT hear a message when it comes through? Thank yo
how well does the blocking feature work?
smart wall mount?
is there a speaker in the base for hands free talking
How do you play messages?
When a caller is leaving a message, speaker phone is on and don't know how to turn it off. I tried pressing the SP-PHONE button off
Can this phone be used in Asia with 220 volts?
Is the cradle for the wireless phone just a cradle or does it charge the phone as well? I don't see that in the specs.
Can I use this phone in other countries in 220v?
Is the base unit able to keep time, phonebook and speed dial settings if the power goes out?
How is the sound quality of the speaker? I'm looking for a good quality speaker for conference calling. And does the speaker have a mute button?
Amazon is selling a head set with these system. Is there a head set jack with the cordless or is it for the base? Is speaker phone good on cordless?
Everything looks good, but... Can the built-in answering machine be disabled... unused... and set so that it will never answer?
Is hearing the caller clear and loud and no muffled sounds
Can you turn the ringer off?
can you hang this on the wall
how does it work with voip? thanks
can it be mounted on the wall
very good sound?
Is it hearing aide compatable?
Do the handsets display the number of new messages? Or just the base?
Is this phone static free and clear to hear? Elderly parents need simple, loud, visual ease and clear when walking about.
Does it have a find it detector? I have lost previous handsets around the house and I need a detect button.
do the numbers light up so they can be seen at night?
When you add a number to a handset does it appear on all handsets?
what is the advantage to the keypad unit versus the same model without the keypad
Does the intercom feature work from all phones or just the main one?
When someone is leaving a voice message, can you hear it while it's recorded from the base?
I have frequent power outages. Is it necessary to reset the outgoing voice message on the answering machine each time?
Is it compatible with Iphone 5s?
I have my home phone service, bundled in with my internet, so I have to plug in my phone through the modem. Is this set up compatible for that?
Are you able to use this phone while connected to the Verizon home line....which is not a landline but uses a modem to receive calls?
Is this a regular phone or a extension to a cell phone? When the phone rings I want to answer and use it as the house phone.
On the feature where it announces the caller, can that be turned off IF you want to?
does this have talking caller id
does this phones incluide a jack to install a headset?
Can the base be wall mounted?
Please Be Honest, Is this Phone A real good one? Voice Clear? ringer good? Blocking unwanted calls? I need a Honest answer as I'm 61 years ol
What are the dimensions of the Landline phone?
Can you turn the ringers off on the 2 cordless phones that come with this set. One of these will be in a bedroom. Thanks.
How can you block specific phone numbers - not just unidentified callers?
Do the cordless phones have a headset jack?
does phone have speed dial?
1) Can you transfer a call from one handset to another?
Do the phones have speaker/hands-free feature?
Does the base have a caller id button that you press to scroll through previous calls?
How long is the cord on the base phone?
going to get bluetooth hearing aids from costco any comments panasonic kx tg7741dect 6.0
I am hard of hearing. What is your opinion of volume on the speaker? Is it adjustable?
headset compatibility?
Does this require a land line for operation, I have only cellular service.
Can the base station be mounted on a wall?
So many people indicated the 4s doesn't play well with this phone. Maybe the ios 6 upgrade fixed the connectivity?
Does this phone have a visual indicator of a message waiting?
is there a headset jack on this phone?
Has anyone had trouble with the phone disrupting the wifi signal inside the house?
Does it have a headset jack?
will there be long distance charges to my cordless phone when making or recieving cell phone calls? both att
What is the range from base to give good clean incomming/out goin call
how many names can be store in phone book
Do you still need the landline?
Does this work with Vonage?
Does it have a speakerphone on the main charging unit/answering machine or is it on the handset?
How loud is the ring on the 7732. My panasonic 5431 is not loud enough. Is the 7732 louder?
I'd like to use this phone with a bluetooth wireless headset so that I can talk/listen hands free. Does the phone have this capability?
I can't for the life of me figure out how to use the wall mount? How do I put the charger on it?
does 7732 have caller ID
Is there a plug-in for headset so you can talk without phone to eat?
Does the corded base unit have battery back-up so you do not loose everthing in a power failure?
Can talking caller ID be turned off?
do the wireless handset plug into a electric outlet
We have a long ranch style house. What is the range on the cordless handsets when using indoors? Thanks!
The description says silver or titanium but the picture is black-- what color is it? Thanks!
When using the speakerphone, does it cut in and out to the point that the person on the other end of the line notices?
does this phone work if power is out?
How many numbers can be programmed into the phone book?
How to program phone numbers and differentiate between home and cell # for the same person. thank you
What is the bluetooth compatibility(kink to cell) with the Iphone 5C, works fine?
is a lg501c cell phone compatible
Do you have to have a particular type of cell phone or can the link be used with an old fashioned flip phone?
When you are on speaker phone for a conference call does it have a mute function, so they won't hear you when you are typing away?
If this phone is connected to a land line can it also be paired via blue tooth to my Samsung Android?
Does this item work in 220 voltage or 110 v?
If not hooked up to landline and just used as Bluetooth extension for cell, can you make outgoing cell calls from Panasonic via your cell service?
Will this phone alert when a text message is received?
Does the answering machine work on batteries, or does it have to be plugged in? I would like to use it as a portable answering machine for my cell
Do I need land line service, or can I use this phone with the "link to cell" feature only?
will this scanner scan photo ID, credit cards also will it scan paper?
Is it Twain compatible ? and does it extract the photo and insert it in a patient's file (for medical office)
How does the image get to your computer? Do you just treat the scanner as a drive and save it that way?
does this work with mac
Is it compatible with Windows 8.1
Does this scanner have a 2 year warranty included like the one on the website?
Confused- There is a question asking about scanning both sides and answer is NO, followed by is it duplex capapbil and answer is YES. Please confirm a
Does this scan both sides at the same time?
Is this a duplex scanner?
Does the 58 inch length include the corner piece?
This obviously looks like a wood desk, but the product description says "8mm tempered smoked glass top". Can I assume this is just a mistake on Amazon
I am 120 lbs. Can I sit on top of this desk?
What is the height and depth of the desk top?
Are any replacement parts available? I need to replace a damaged wooden panel.
How much weight can the corner piece hold? I have a monitor weighing 28 lbs.
Can the corner piece support the weight of a triple monitor setup? I have a clamp on mount. How much weight can the corner piece hold?
Does the corner piece of this desk need to be used, can i leave it out and use this as 2 desk's that way?
Is the wood espresso? If not, please provide color.
What are the approximate dimensions of the packaging this arrives in?
Is the updated version from the 86200? If so, what are the differences between the two?
what is the hieght of the arms from the floor on a setting where seat is 18 inches from the floor? I have a table that is 291/2 inches high, I want to make sure, that the chair will fully fit under it.
Does this really feature synchronized knee tilt?
What is the width of the seat itself (not the width of the chair)?
The 86205 seems identical to the 86200 but with more adjustment functions. And the price is a bit lower. Am I mistaken?
Are the chair arms hard plastic or padded? Are they comfortable for long periods, do they have any texture on them which would feel abrasive?
I'm 6'2'', with this chair, is it possible to recline with my hands on the back on my head and my feet on the desk, and not fall?
Are the armrests removable? or are they structurally necessary to the chair?
Does this chair lean back?
What is the height of the back? The first question below you state that the height and width are both 28.5" I've never seen a chair that wide.
is this a 1- sided or 2-sided scanner?
To use it as a thermometer or temperature scanner on the kids, do we still need the USB connection to PC or connect USB cable to kids?
Do you have to send your files to a cloud service or can they be loaded directly to your computer?
How well does it scan photos and art?
Can it scan multiple pages to a single PDF file?
Does the document get saved to the scanner or must have this scanner with usb connection to a computer? I want to use this in a vehiclle w/o computer.
Does it scan thermal receipts?
The video shows pristine source documents. Can this scanner handle, say, articles torn from magazines or pages torn from spiral notebooks?
Would this work to scan antique cabinet photos? They are thicker than normal photographs - like cardboard thickness. Thanks :)
Will this work for windows 7?
Can I export the lists to excel
Can I use it with a mac and a pc?
Will this product work with Windows 8. I have purchased 3 scanners so far and had to send them back because of incapability
Does it load automatically into Outlook?
why does the item shown on image say 'world card pro'? but the title listed to sell it say penpower card scanner?? is it a worldcard pro or not????
OK I would like to purchase this unit please confirm that it will work with Outlook, Windows 8 and also 32 or 64 bit configurations
I want to use this product to scan playing card decks. Is there a mode to just save the card as an image file, and is it good quality?
does it support Arabic language
Can I use Worldcard software that obviously coming with the scanner to link 2 additional fields to each contact? 2 additional columns?
Can I add a new custom fields like Customer Industry and management level - like senior manager, engineer etc that i can type manually
What would this board do if it got wet in the rain...
For 140 dollars, how many display boards are in the package?
So it says that this is just one board for $140 which seems a bit steep, am I misreading this?
Is it only one board for $26.26?
I want to mount glossy posters to the display board for a table display. Is this what I need to get?
Is the cover lightweight like a paper back book?
Does this work well with fountain pens? I'd carry it with a Kaweko Sport M nib, Monteverdi blue ink
I am returnng the last shipment as the books were too small. Do you have the 5-1/2 x 8-1/2? If so, how much more?
is the paper thick?
Does the ink bleed through the papaer?
Does this product have sound?
Is the color black &amp; pink or black &amp; red?
Is this for sure English to Spanish and also Spanish to English?
About how many sheets of paper with dividers can it hold?
What weight of paper or card stock is needed to easily insert in spine?
is it available in 1 1/2"?
Would like to see how the pages are lined. No photo and no description.
How many journals do you get for $7.49. One or three as pictured?
How many vertical lines per page?
are some of the lines actually double lines for currency denomination separation-thus a total of 8 vertical fields?
What size is it?
Does the sheets have red and blue columns? two columns on left, one big one in middle and two on right ( one blue and one red)?
Does the sheets have red and blue columns? Manly two columns on left, one big one in middle and two on right ( one blue and one red)?
what size are tyhey, and how many do you get?
is it 3 books or only 1?
this phone is unlocked International?, you may introduce a Sim Card From Another Country?
Does it work with Verizon
is this phone have chinese language?
Does this scale come with an AC adapter?
Where is this machine made?
does it measure as low as .1 oz accurately
Can you weight an envelope without using the flip up lid?
Do all US packages have the same rate per ounce? or do you have to look up rates by zipcode?
I only ship items under 25lbs, is this scale dependable?
If I need to weigh a 20"x20" box, would this scale work for that?
What is the smallest weight it measures in grams?.
How accurate is this scale in the 1-13 ounce range
what are the dimensions of the scale
Which is the maximum thickness that it can cut? We need to cut a 2mm soft wood
what replacement blades are used with the Kadomaru corner cutter
Are the sizes listed for diameter or radius?
Will it cut laminate? Business cards that have been laminated?
Is this available for countries outside US?
How much it cost for shipping to singapore with tracking id?
Will it work for ICT 220?
Will this paper work with the Chase Paymentech machine?
Will this work for a first data FD400?
Is it BPA Free? What is the difference between BPA free and other thermal paper?
will this work with ingenico iWL250?
does it fit verifone vx520
Will it fit a xion 2.5?
What is the outer diameter of these rolls when full?
Was it ever verified to fit the Dejavoo V8 cc machine?
will it work in casio se-g1sc
So am I correct in assuming that you must have a work table or work station or desk to attach this apparatus onto?
where does the cpu go?
Can anyone tell me what minimum size desk i need to support a single workfit-s and not have it all topple over? I have small space for homemade desk
do I need a monitor mount attachment for this? It's sitting in the box, and don't know if I need one to install. I have a Viewsonic monitor.
Can this be mounted on the rear corner of a desk?
Would this work with iMac Retina 5K?
I am short - Can the keyboard and the monitors be moved separately or what is the distance between the Keyboard and the Monitors.
I was looking into this product for standing while PC gaming. Are there any foreseeable issues that might come up with this product for gaming?
What is the difference between the (2) ergotron workfit model #'sl 33-350-200 &amp; 33-351-200
Will this work with a 27 inch acer model # s271hl monitor or do I need a special bracket and about how long does it take to install?
can I use it with laptop
Can this unit be used as a scanner. It there any OCR software comes with the printer?
what printer cartridges does it use
is it dual voltage for overseas use?
Can I print via bluetooth from my iPad with this printer? Any printer? I can't find definitive answers anywhere. Help!
Does it run on batteries
What sizes of paper does it handle?
Does it work with Surface pro
Do the ink cartridges dry out quickly if not used everyday?
Does this printer come with ink to start with or should that be ordered when printer is ordered?
How do you print with depleted ink cartridge?
What is the HP 6100 printhead assembly and is it replaceable, and if so, what is the cost of a replacement?
Is this printer comparable with my apple ipad
will this printer work with windows 7
I only have 16 inches of space. Is the first dimension given the width? Looking for a "narrow" printer.
will this printer print both sides of the paper
will this printer work with a kindle?
I loved my printer until yesterday when it stopped printing in black. I may have been that there was a pop up wanting me to 'update' the hp and I did.
Can't tell from the photo, but is the paper tray on the bottom or is this a top feed?
can uou do photo's on this printer
I have two HP Pavilion 23xi monitors and want to make sure this will work prior to me purchasing?
Suggested mount tables? I want a separate desk, looking to buy small stabletable to mount the Ergotron workstation on - maybe ikea? Ideas?
I have a beveled front desk; will this attach securly and be as stable when in use?
I bought this desk and have had many others in the office admire it. One draw back is that it seems to shake as I type / key. Is there a solution?
ergotron now shows this model takes 24" monitor screens is that true?
Can the depth of the base be adjusted so that monitors sit further into the desk and the keyboard tray does not extend so far out from the desk?
After I have this set up, can I have the hinged bow set up later? Can't wait to start using it but am going to order the bow.
How do you mount the monitor to the stand?
I use a laptop, currently a ThinkPad, so no external monitor. Is this a good choice.
I am thinking of mounting this on a 5ft x 30" laminate folding table. Will the table support the ergotron setup with two monitors?
Where do I put in my information that I want engraved?
How do these signs attach to the door or wall?
Are the metallic colored plates actual metal, or just plastic with a metallic colored veneer?
Can you adjust the shipping cost if I get nine name plates? It should not cost $45 to ship these.
if i order multiple items (around 12) what is the shipping costs??
When ordering name plates, is the holder included or seperate?
Is it possible to use extra ornamental no2 font?
Can you attach theses plates magnetically?
Can the font be in Times New Roman? Need to match other door plates currently in use. Thanks
Do these fit all the office chairs and if not, can they be returned?
Do these roll well on hardwood floors or are they a little difficult to roll?
How are these holding up? Any issues with the felt falling off or dirt buildup? Does the felt have to be applied manually or does it come installed?
Can these be used for beds?
has anyone used these on ceramic tile floors
does the box bring 5 pairs of covers, meaning all covers needed for 1 chair?
My chair only needs 4 casters, can I buy just 4?
How do you actually adjust the legs? (And is it easy?) Do you have to turn it upside-down to change the leg heights?
What is the height of this table? What is the minimum and maximum heights of this table?
is this table actually 24 inches wide x 48 inches long? I bought another one that advertised that size but turned out to be smaller.
please advise the number of height changes from minimum to maximum height settings
Is this actually a folding table?
Can this be hung vertically?
This product doesn't say if it is magnetic. Is it?
Do regular colored dry erase markers look good on this board, or do only the neon ones suit it?
Would you be able to easily attach magnets to the back &amp; hang it on a refrigerator?
how d i get the dry erase markers? e
Will you ship to a U.S. military address overseas. An "APO AE" address?
Will a regular dry eraser work just as well with dry erase neon colors?
Can this board be mounted with 3M hanging strips or the like?
Is the aluminum frame easy to remove? I'm thinking of putting 4 together to make a 36"x48" board.
Will this device scan 8 1/2" X 11" and 11" x 17" documents?
When you scan books how does it handle the curve of the pages from the spine of the book?
I just returned a different scanner because it didn't work with the newer versions of Windows. Is this scanner compatible with the latest versions of Windows?
I have a Mac. I just ordered this and the operating disc that came with it does only works with PC. What can I do to fix this? Thank you
Does it work with Macs?
does it have wheels?
what do you need in addition to the scanner to use it?
How does this product work for pictures?
Does this product work with a Mac?
Just opened the unit, it powers on, but the LCD is just a blue blank screen ... shows nothing. Anything else had a similar problem? Thanks!
how do I contact you to tell you what color I want? I would like to order 10 in blue and gold.
What is the little black stringy thing for ???
I'm only interested in the blue and gold lanyard. How do I specify a color?
how many in package?
Does the bottom part of the desk get in the way of a chair scooting underneath to do homework on the desk part?
Can the work surface of this desk fit a 21.5" inch monitor and above? Is this a well-built &amp; sturdy desk?
What is the distance between the top shelves? I want to put a smallish flat screen TV there which is 21" high with the stand.
Will the slide out keyboard handle a laptop? Will it pull out far enough to use the laptop?
What is used to put it together? Does it comes with it's tool to help put the parts together?
What is used to put it together? Does it comes with it's tool to help put the parts together?
Will this desk fit a 10inch(width) laptop and a 12inch(width)mpk49 on the main desk surface?
will this fit 2 22" monitors slanted in diagonally..i read the speaker stands rotate?
I need to know the exact measurement of the two small upper shelves on each side? I have two studio speakers each with dimensions of W8.5" X L10.5"
Can the work shelf accommodate a 27" widescreen monitor which is actually 25.5" across and fit between the poles? I do slant it for viewing.
how long can i store the paper? will it 'go bad' or deteriorate?
Would this paper stand up to a professional die-cut machine? Hoping to cut hearts at my local craft store for wedding favors. Thanks.
Can the paper be printed on with a digital printer?
Hi, are the seeds in this paper GMO free?
Hello, is this paper 100% tree free? I know it says 50% recycled and I was curious what the other 50% is. Thank you so much. marionpop.com
How long is the seeds in the paper good for and is there any special way to store the paper for future use.
Does this paper dissolve when submerged in water?
We are making wedding invitations and they are double-sided with color. Will this paper work so we can print them from our home printer?
Can this paper be cut on my Silhouette Cameo (digital cutting machine)?
Do you have blue paper with forget me not seeds? Hope you see this today as I need it ASAP
where is this cart made?
what is weight limit
Does this have a metal insert so items aren't resting directly on the fabric?
Do all 4 wheels swivel? Is it easy to get over thresholds and around curves?
I just bought this and love it but does anyone know if I can take it in the sand? I worried about mucking up the wheels if they are barring based.
Is this big enough for a couple toddlers? Would it be comfortable for them to sit on?
I am considering buying this for my elderly parent to keep in his vehicle How heavy is it and is it easy to fold/lift when folded?
What is the inside measurements of the cargo area? Would it hold a sewing machine and all my quilting equipment (mats, etc)?
Does this have the two pockets on the front (to either side of the handle bar) for water bottles, etc. as well as the handle on the back?
What is the collapsed size? Will it fit in an overhead airplane luggage compartment?
what is the time limit for use before the shredder shuts off or is overheated?
Does it have a pull out basket for emptying
How is the noise level? Ok or severe? Thanks, guys.
After a while does this shredder break down or does it still work?
Can I put a plastic bag in the bin to catch the shreds?
What are the dimensions of the unit?
size of the basket?
how many minutes of shredding before the motor is overheated?
How can this shredder be only 6.9" tall? The photo sure does not look like that. Has the height and the depth been switched around??
Can this shred CDs and DVDs?
does this have a pullout basket
provide sizes please ??
is there a warranty that comes with the purchase
how's the noise level?
Can a plastic bags be fitted inside of the pullout basket to catch the clippings.
This Item got broken after 6 months, is there a warranty?
Does this shred package materal like when you get a package from ebay or amazing that has your address on it.
Does it feed stapled pages fine?
What is the amperage? How many amps?
How often does it have to be oiled? What kind of oil? Easy to do?
Does the toner cartridge come with the printer?
Can you do a "toner save" method of printing like the samsung ML2010 (prior model)?
can it print on both sides automatically?
what size USB connector is needed at the printer end ?
can this printer connect to the Macbook pro?
Is this color? or black and white only?
Does it come with a standard toner?
When you delete a number on one handset, is it automatically deleted on the other handset?
Does anyone know if this phone is good for the hearing impaired?
Does it work with 110 volts only or also 220 volts ?
Do the handsets show caller ID like the base unit
Does the handset have a headset jack?
What is the maximum decibel boost?
Can this phone hook up to two lines?
Does this let you record your own message for the voicemail? Are there options for music on hold, or anything like that?
Do the handsets have belt clips?
Can you check messages on the handset?
Are these refills official refills made or supplied by Fisher Space Pen company, or a substitute?
Do these refils include the Parker Style adapter?
Are these good for the bullet pens ?
Would you tell me whether the Point Refill support all type of Fisher Space Pen?
Are these suitable for AG-7 space pen?
Includes Parker pen adapters?
Will this replace the PR4
Will this fit a Smith-Corona Corsair Deluxe?
I have a Smith-Corona Coronet electric typewriter. Will this ribbon fit okay?
Will SC-20-SCM fit my Smith-Corona Electra 120
Does this phone have a headset jack included?
does this phone have a speakerphone?
Can you turn off the phone ringer?
How many minutes of digital recording time does it hold before it won't record any more?
Are the buttons soft or hard. Rubber or plastic or glass?
Does the handset have a speaker phone?
Does this phone have a headset jack included?
Can you set it to beep when a message is left? It apparently had a display window, but I need an audible reminder.
Can you put someone on speaker phone?
How long can phone be is use....how long does phone battery hold charge?
Does this phone have a headset jack included?
does this phone have a speakerphone?
Can you turn off the phone ringer?
How many minutes of digital recording time does it hold before it won't record any more?
Are the buttons soft or hard. Rubber or plastic or glass?
Does the handset have a speaker phone?
Does this phone have a headset jack included?
Can you set it to beep when a message is left? It apparently had a display window, but I need an audible reminder.
Can you put someone on speaker phone?
How long can phone be is use....how long does phone battery hold charge?
Can it be used as a wall phone?
can you record your own voice for this answer machine or do you have to use pre-recorded message provided by mfg.
What are the "2 non-standard batteries required"? Will phone work in a power failure?
will this phone work with cable phone service?
can you mute ringer
Does this phone have a Headset Jack?
can this phone be connected to my fax machine?
Can you attach a Medical Alert device?
does this come with an answering machine? Thanks!
can this be mounted on a wall?
is it wall mountable
Is it compatible with my GE Model 27881GE2-A phone?
Does this handset need a phone jack to plug into or can it just bounce off the CRL32102?
can i pair this cordless phone with corded AT&amp;T CL84102 ?
will this work with base model CRL-82312?
does it have a recorder?
Do I always have to push the green flash button after I dial a number? Can't I just dial the number without pushing this flash button?
thanks for all the help from my amazon family.
Can this phone be mounted on the wall?
caller id display?
I am thinking about purchasing the D3097 but I can't tell if the phone itself is very large? I hate the small ones.
can I use another uniden handset to expand this phone?
once you enter the phonebook #"s in handset that comes with answering machine, does it automatically go in the other handsets once they are registered?
HANDLES POWER OUTAAGE?
how many handsets can you buy seperate for this phone - d3097
Does this model have the scrolling address book or can I enter the numbers for speed dialing?
does it show the date and time when a message is left, besides the name of the person who called?
Is this phone compatible with an at&amp;t system?
does this phone have a headset jack?
would you recommend this phone for someone who is hard-of-hearing?
When you are away form this phone can you access your messages from the answering machine remotely
Does this phone have speed dial
does ths phone have an answering system?
Does this phone works with AT&amp;T service only or it works as any other regular cordless phone like Panasonic or Motorola etc?
Can you reduce (lower) the tilt of the base unit?
Is there a way to put a call on hold? I do not have "call waiting" which can put a call on hold and answer the incoming call using the Flash button.
Does the answering machine provide the time and date of the message?
Does the answering machine play out loud or can you just get messages as you want so people in my waiting area dont hear my calls??
Why does the white phone cost over $20.00 more than the identicle black phone?
does the ans machine have an optional outgoing msg that does not allow caller to leave a msg?
Does it have speed dial
My phone does not seem to be compatible with my DSL Internet. Both are with Frontier. Voices cut out and there's often a loud crackling noise. when I'm on the phone
Does this phone have yellow keys as pictured!
how far can an accessory handset be from the base?
The worst I've ever owned. the hand set has no reception sitting next to the base.can't pick-up calls after thrid ring,I have to deal with MFG.for $
does the base have a battery backup for date &amp; time or does it have to be reset every time there is a power failure?
Does the base unit work when the power goes out? do you still have dial tone?
HOW TO SET DATE AND TIME
Can you hear the person when they leave a message ?
Does this AT&amp;T CRL32202 have Call Recording capability? Thanks!
Can you turn off the caller ID announcement
Are the numbers large and easy to read? Looking for a phone for my 93 year old grandmother who has trouble with her sight
Can you mute or turn off the ringer? I have small babies.
The Slow Play Function...what does it do &amp; is it optional to use?
Does the phone stand when its not in the charger?
can the number dial voice be turned off
Can you use both handsets at the same time during a phone conversation?
Is it compatible with TL 7800 headset
can it be connected to a computer?
Does the Sony ICDBX022 Digital Flash Voice Recorder come with an ear piece. If not , which one fits.
Dear all, does the recorder have a mirco-usb port for easy link to computer?
what is the actual size?
How many envelope come in a one pack
How many envelopes do you get in a 3 pack
Will these only require (1) .49/cent stamp to mail out thank you pictures?
Will postcards fit in these envelopes?
How many envelopes comes in a pack?
How many photos can fit in a single envelope?
When will these be in stock again?
Are these 6.25 inches wide or tall? This picture looks like tall. I want 4.5 tall and 6.25 wide.
Can these envelopes be used to make scented sachtes
Will this stand work with a 23.6" monitor like http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00A...
What are the overall assembled dimensions?
Can I overlap the 2 side monitors bezals with the middle monitor? To make the bezals between the screens to be smaller? I have 3 24" inch monitors.
Would this support a 29" ultrawide in the middle and 2 23" monitors on the outsides?
I have 3 24 inch monitors and a corner desk, will I be able to swivel these monitors wthout covering the bezel?
Is the base detachable? So that, for example, one could try attaching the pole in a different manner if the physical circumstances require it?
How deep is the base, and how much further is it from the center monitor? I sit at a corner desk and need the monitors to be close to the front edge.
Does anyone know if this stand will support 1-S24C450D (24") in center and 1 S27C450D (27") on each side???
Will I be able to mount an ultra-wide 32" monitor in the center and 24" monitors in portrait mode on the sides?
I only have 2 monitors (3rd soon). Will the outside mounts get close enough together to hold two 24" dell monitors edge to edge?
Is the interior big enough to fit regular sized file folders?
I bought the one without the storage "nets". I was wondering if with the right glue and craft handle could it be turned into a micro brief case?
does it come with a strap or handle (or even have a place to hook a strap onto it?)
Are he side of this aluminum?
Roughly how many sheets of normal paper can it hold?
When you close this, do you have the option to leave it unlocked or do you always have to have the key and always have to lock it, and unlock it?
How many keys does it come with?
does the key lock one come with a strap like the combination lock clipboard case?
Where was it made? Thanks in Advance! :-)
Does this have any kind of a handle or strap on the outside so that you can carry it? Thanks!
Are these cartridges brand new or used?
How much ink do they actually have in them?
Does this ink work well in this printer ? HP Officejet Pro 8600 Plus e-All-in-One Wireless Color Printer with Scanner, Copier &amp; Fax
Does this work for officejet pro 8100?
Is this for four black and four of each color or a four pack of one black, cyan, magenta, yellow?
This is Jan. 2015 Has anyone bought these in the last couple of months and if so what is the expiration date of the cartridges?
can xl cartridges all fit in printer or only one xl at a time?
will th 950 xl fit in the 950? are they the same just the xl has more ink?
Are these ink cartridges packaged in the original packaging? If so, do they come in four separate HP packages?
how many copies does this print?
What's the length and width?
what color is the paper
Is this "sacred oak tree" the same design as "tree of life"?
hi, if i order it today when do i'll receive it, because in one part it says 2 days and other 14 days wich one is the correct one ?
How many pages are in this journal?
What is the size of this book?
is it refillable?
Is this real leather??
does this journal lay flat for easier writing?
Are the pages lined?
does it come with a tool to refill?
Does this item come with a syringe and instructions?
Why are there two black ink cartridges?
Anyone have a comparison between the MX892 and the MX922? Which is better?
do this printer need a router
How do you resolve the B200 and U052 errors? My printer is unusable now, including scanning, fax, and copying.
can this printer handle 110lb. cardstock for greeting cards?
will it work with Windows 8?
Does anyone use this unit for copying as well as scanning and printing ? I would welcome comments about the copier capabilities and quality
adf?
type of ink used?
Does it have duplex scanning? The specs mention duplex printing, but nothing about scanning. Thanks!
will it leave a sticky residue if you use it on a wood floor?
is it wide enough for hot wheels cars?
It is pretty unclear - exactly how long is the tape please?
How wide is the tape?
How many feet/yards is this roll??
Is it single use or reusable?
What are the actual dimensions? I see 2.75 x 2.5 x 9.25, it's smallish?
Will letter sized file folders fit in the pockets?
it the outside plastic or cloth?
Will they work in hp officejet pro 8600 plus printers?
will CR318 BN 951 XL cartridges fit in HP 8600 Printer
Are these OEM HP Ink cartidges packed in HP boxes as shown in the photo? Several reviews here state they received loose cartridges that looked used.
Will this work in an HP Officejet Pro 8100?
Do the 951XL's have a longer life than the regular 951's?
what is the average page output of HP 951XL ink cartiridges?
Will this work with an HP Office Pro 8600?
Do these ink cartridges come in three separate packages, as pictured? Or are they all in one package?
the leg brace that sticks out the front does not lock it just sticks out at an angle, is it the angle that keeps it from collapsing when you sit?
does the handle pull up
Can anyone tell me that the seat will, in your opinion, hold a 275 pound man? Weight limit is 300 but don't trust that. Thanks!
Can you design this cart to conform to the train/plane dimension requirements of 28"x22"x11" that will enable me to travel with a Rest-n-Roll?
Can I get it in black?
Does the cart roll easily when being pushed rather than pulled? Also, I walk a mile to the grocery store...will the wheels hold up? Thanks :)
I need to get a new wheel or pin to lock the wheel in place. Where can I get this if not what do I do can't go 5 steps with out the wheel rolling off?
My cart is ripping at the seem I haven't even had mine for a year. Any suggestions
Having hard time getting up the stairs. any suggestions?
what is the weight limit on the seat
What is the status of Google voice with this device?
Does faxing work with Google voice? Can I configure it to receive fax by e-mail? Can I send a fax from PC using this? Receive fax into memory?
can you fax using a fax machine
Can the OBi202 VOIP adapter also attach to my home phone? I see two ports but not sure if it will work with just my home Panasonic KX-TG9341T cordles
Does the OBi202 work with Magic Jack?
google voice
fax
With google voice, Can you just pick up the phone and make the call? or is it only thru the google website that you can make the call.
Does the obi or your cordless phone need to be plugged directly into a phone outlet? Thanks
How do other people call your obi device? It says a lot about how you can connect to others but not how other people can connect with you.
Is this the same ink used in the CLI-226 and PGI-225
will this work with Canon Pixma MG2220? THANKS
Are those Dye or Pigment? Thanks
Will this work for the Canon MG3220?
Will this work for Canon MG2220, are they ALL: pigment-based or dye-based inks and, is the black the same type as the Y/C/M?
will this work for the color cartridge for a Cannon Pixma MG2120?
How many sections are there across on each page?
Are the days across the top or side?
is it a daily plan book
does the book have week at a glance planbook pages for day to day lesson plans for 7 or more subjects?
Will it copy from both glass and paper feeder? Does it have a network card?
Why do I get a "this product does not support a wireless network" error message during installation?
Does this do duplex printing?
has anyone had any issues printing labels?
Will it scan multiple pages?
does it hold a ream of paper? Sherry
we want to know that is this works with windows xp? also prints both side at a time ?
Is it true that you have to buy HP cartridges only?
Why do I get font substitution messages and lockup from WordlessthanPerfect after I installed this printer? Thanks!
Why does the feeder smear heaver stock #10 envelopes?
What do I need to plug this printer into a switch?
Does it come with all of the cables necessary?
is this wireless
Does this print in color? It says "black and white", but then lists it as "Color".
Ip address
Printer-end cable connection? not std usb 4mm roughly square? It is rectangle- what cord do I need?
How is the HPLJ Pro 400 M401n for printing envelopes?
page yield?
Does this printer have a front load capacity for checks and special forms to be fed individually or must everything be put into the paper tray?
Does anyplace sell memory upgrades for this model? I'm not finding anything online. Not at HP, not at Kingston, not at Crucial - nada.
Is the document feeder reversing to support scanning or copying two-sided originals in one pass?
Does it do AirPrint from an iPad or iPhone?
Does this printer have a manual feed feature?
Does it print in color too? It says color copies, but in technical details it says monochrome...
how to get rid of black line on copy?
is it mac compatible?
does it matter which operating system you have?
Does the Printer needed to be connected to the computer via USB in order to scan? Or can it scan to any computer on the network?
How large is the scanner glass? Will it scan legal size (8.5" x 14") on the scanner bed (without using the sheet feeder)?
Does this HP, fax by phone line? Does this model come in wireless?
Does this printer have a rear feed that sends paper straight through? I'd like to know so I can print card stock without the 'curl'.
does it do Duplex printing?
Will this printer work with a laptop via usb port?
How many PPM ?
Is the toner that comes with the printer a full toner, or a short fill?
Has anyone used this printer with Google Cloud Print? How well does it work? Update (23 Dec 12): It seems as if ePrint does not support duplex printing including with Google Cloud Print. Very unfortunate. Though non-duplex Google Cloud Print set-up was...
Is it exactly like the P2055dn??
does it have automatic duplex printing
Does it work with Windows 7 Pro version?
Does the periscope touch screen lie flat if one does not wanting sticking up
What is the folded dimension (W x L x H) and the weight?
Any assembly required and does it fold flat? Any pictures of it flat?
Would this work for a 77 pound slightly lame older golden lab? The depth of the steps is my concern.
Would this work for a dog (7 pounds) to reach a dog door in a window? It's tall enough but I don't know if the top step is deep enough.
how many inches tall is the bottom step? product description is ambiguous.
I want this for my 16 pound terrier who is getting too old to jump up on my 30" high bed. Are the steps smooth or slippery?
Can this be used outdoors? It says in the description for indoor use.
Can you give a few more measurements? Surface area of each step? and the height of each step from ground level?
Did they impove the steps the problem of the strength?
What is the dimension of the step when it is set up (not when it is folded)? I need to know the height and width to see if it will fit in our space.
what is the weight capacity?
What are the adjustable heights?
Are the wheels hollow hard plastic or solid rubber or some other material?
I want to use it to help me move around my kitchen. Does it roll easy on ceramic tile?
what are the height adjustments, max and minimum? Thanks
Do the wheels come off? I need a stool without wheels and this one has all the other features I want at a good price.
What's the caster wheel diameter and caster stem size?
Does the vesa mount come with it
I have a 21 inch iMac mid 2011 which is not listed in the specs for this. What is the best solution for me? thanks
Do I need to order the Apple VESA Mount Adapter Kit for iMac and LED Cinema orApple Thunderbolt Display as well? Or does this come with your product?
i just received the new retina iMac 27 " with Vesa mount, total weight about 21 pounds, so think this stand would be very compatible?
The hinge on my late 2009 27" iMac stand has failed and my monitor now droops. I HAVE to use the Apple VESA adapter kit. Will this stand work for me?
Will I require an adapter for my 27" Imac?
Will this work with a 27" iMac Late 2012
Will this work on a 30in Apple Cinema Display?
After installation, how easy is it to adjust e.g. height? Is it enough to push it, or does one need to e.g. play with screws?
How well does this mouse work in spreadsheets? I need to get my hands off the desk at work. Will this work?
Is it plug and play?
Is it compatible with Mac? Does it works with prezi presentations?
can I use it on ipad?
How long does a recharging take? also how long will a fully charged unit be used in a presentation? Thanks
Where are the left, middle, and right buttons?
can the finger mouse with laser pointer help me in opening a pdf or word or powerpoint file? or does it work only after the file has been opened
I tried everything as well and it won't work. I tried to charge it but there's no blue light showing. What do I do?
how do you make it work? i just received it and tried everything but it won't work
Does this product comes with carrying case?
Does this act a Smart Board? For Ex. when projected onto a wall, can you still interact w/ it the same way being on a wall?
would this work on a mac laptop with smart notebook?
Any recommendations for a usb extension cable? Having a ceiling-mounted projector makes connection difficult.
Does it play sound on youtube videos?
Can this be connected to an iPad?
Why is calibration so hard?
Does it work with Quaver Music Interactive Whiteboard Software?
Why do I need a projector
Does it come with the software included (a la SMART Notebook or a similar program)?
Is the Is the entire base metal, including where the wheels insert? Thanks!
what is the weight rating
What metal is this product made from? Aluminum? Steel? Tin?
What is the dimensional weight of the package?
Is the ink clear when written on paper? And will the writing show up under a black light that is not on on the pen?
Are these markers or ball point pens?
would it still work if you left the cap of it like a real marker
how long does the ink last on the paper? we are hoping to mail announcements out to family, &amp; want them to be able to reveal the message a week later
Can this ink be used on skin?
Are they individually wrapped?
How many inches long is each pen?
Would it be possible to order 83 of these?
is the light blue or black?
My party is in 13 business days; would this arrive in time?
How do you attach the magnate to a plastic badge
I would like to use these for 1/4" thick wood name tags. Will the adhesive hold well on wood?
Are these magnets safe to have around small electronics like an ipod?
You have two different Dimentions listed for this product (4 x 1 x 1 inches AND 1.75" x 0.5" x 0.25 ) what is the actual size of the badge?
Are these badges reusable? Can you easily change out one name with another name? We are a seasonal business with lots of turnover.
How does one get a name on these badges? Do we get a plastic name badge engraved locally and simply attach it to your magnetic plate, or what?
is a refillable cover?
What is its size?
is it blank
Are the pages lined?
Are the cartridges compatible with Epson NX 330?
I Have a Espon workforce 435 printer would this compatible
For the love of my life, I can't find any instructions as how to reset the ink cartridges. Did anyone figure it out?
It didn't work on my Workforce 520. The printer only works with 2 black cartridges and this package has only one. Is there a way to print w/ one only?
How do I refill my T126120-BCS ink cartridges? It does not have a removable rubber plug.
Inkrefillable T126 wf-7510 cant get anyting to print recognizes all the ink, have cleaned and cleaned and wasted half my ink. printer never went dry
I have Epson stylus NX230. Is it compatible?
what refillable ink bottles work best with this product?
is this product safe to use with edible ink
I have not been able to replace the ink cartridges, where can I get a manual telling me how to install them?
Does this Combo pack include all the colors needed or do you have to buy black separately?
Does this work with the 8610 or just 8600?
Are these real HP Ink Cartridges? Not refills or remakes? Your picture looks like they are the real thing but the comments make me worried.
Is this a NEW product, remanufactured, or used? It states no were the condition.
Do I need to buy a usb cord for this printer?
Does this printer handle cardstock paper well? I've read that it does and that it doesn't. Which is it?
what is the difference between j825dw &amp; j835dw brother mfc
Is the MFC-J835DW compatible with Surething CD labeling software?
can it print 11x17
Is this a new boxed unit? Does the manufactures warranty still apply?
I love this printer overall, but when I am making copies on the glass, the machine takes at least 10 seconds to reset. Any solutions?
How well doewsit work with Mac computers?
where is envelope tray? Do you have to dissemble the paper tray to get to it on the bottom as I do with my old hp printer?
newsoft
Just received. Is there a tutorial to put them together?
You consider "EXPEDITED" shipping FREE UPS GROUND shipping?!!?? My mom just ordered 9 of these. Thinking about telling her to cancel becuz of false a
dimensions are 24 x 40 x 24, size is 20 x 20 x 34. please explain, which is accurate?
do these boxes include the hanger bar?
Does this include the bar to hang clothes from?
Can you verify the range for the heights of the stand? Is 32.5" the lowest? 32.5"-35.5" doesn't seem like much range in comparison to other stands.
What are the measurements of just the work service or in other words the clear glass part?
How much weight can the table top can support? I have a 15 lb monitor that I would like to put on it.
how much room do you need for the legs, the chair I would like to put it under is 1-1/2 inch off floor?
What is the measurement from vertical support rod to center of the work surface? Is it adjustable this way (horizontally)?
What is the length of the horizontal rod that holds up the tray itself, measured from the vertical pole to the middle of the tray?
Can you tell me, aside from the glass what the rod and supports are made of? Plastic? Metal? I can't tell from the picture on Amazon. Thank you!
Can the base stand legs point to the right and the table part rotate opposite to the left? How long is the arm from the stand to the table center?
What is the diameter of the vertical support rod?
how many inches is the diameter of the center support bar, as well as the diameter of the arm the holds the actual table top?
Does the arm swing without loosening the height adjustment screw? In other words, can you swing the table to the side to get up from your couch?
will this work with a 17 inch laptop with a recliner legs up. (sofa end recliner.) or will the recliner extended make it unreachable?
Can the table be flat or is it always tipped! I want to get it for my mother to use with her kindle but to be able to eat on at times too.
How much does the item weigh (approximately), and are any tools required for assembly? Thanks
Are the base of the legs spread out to 22"?
Does it come with a speaker phone feature?
is this the model for the phone with bluetooth (connected to my cell phone)?
Does this phone work with charger base PNLC1029
I have this item, but what's the other base I need to buy?
I know the photo shows the phone with the charging base, but I just want to verify before I order; does the phone come with the charging base?
Can the base for the additional handsets be mounted to the wall
If I have a 3 unit set, can I assign the extra phone to be intercom #4?
Has anyone tried this with the KX-TG76XX version of the base? I'm having a hard time finding an extra handset for that model.
Does it comes with a power cord?
how many can be added to the 5 unit system?
does the seat angle move? or seat stays parallel to floor?
is the seat cushion high density? I need a chair that wont cause tail bone pain.
There appears to be a round knob at the front, right side of seat. Has arrow indicating the knob turns counter clockwise. Is this for adjusting seat?
How tall is the seat from the floor? I have a rather tall desk (30") - want to be able to rest arms comfortably while seated for typing. THX
In my current leather chair I tend to slide forward on the cushion not wanting to. Does that happen with this one? Looks like cushion slopes in back.
Is the lumbar support height adjustable?
What is the true weight capacity of this chair? We have someone is around 250lbs and the chair does not support him.
Does the seat part move forward and back to support someone with longer legs? If so how far forward does it move?
What is the weight limit?
what is the measurment of the seat ?
Are the buttons plastic or rubber, and can you store your own formulas?
Is the screen backlit? Thanks.
Does it remember all my calculations even after it's turned off?
ok. I know I sound retarded and yes i'm too lazy to read the manual. but when I try to do something like: 8 divded by 3 it just shows the fraction 8/3
Does it have a quadratic formula function? Or can I program it in? (Having no knowledge of programming.)
difference from Casio FX 300es plus and FX 300 ex?? thx
how do you change the display from "math"? I tried shift then setup and it doesn't allow me to navigate.
Is it SAT approved?
What is the difference from FX-300ES model?
does this machine has two paper tray ? i want to use different paper for different printing. need two trays.
Does it do multi page scanning and faxing?
Can this printer handle 11 X 17" paper?
Do the refill toner cartridges have a chip that require an OEM cartridge to work properly? Or will any "compatible" cartridge work?
I read elsewhere that some are not happy with the scanning. Are you satisfied with the scanning capabilities ?
is it compatible with window 8
are you able to both send faxes and receive faxes?
Hi, does anyone know how to turn off the beeping sounds when making copies? It can be quite annoying :-)
The ad for this machine says the standard paper tray/cassette handles 8 1/2 X 14 paper but the reviews indicate otherwise. Which is correct?
For those who have owned this machine, how significant is the toner odor? (Chemical smells/offgassing/fumes trigger my migraines.) Thanks!
does it turn on automatically when a fax is received?
is it compatible with windows 8
is there voice mail capability?
conectivity?
Can this be used as a stand alone fax. I don't want to have to connect this to a computer.
how i can get the small paper from the top fitter of the machine
Can the document feedback take multiple-page document for scanning? Thanks!
Can't figure out how to copy 2 sheets onto 1 paper, double sided. Does anyone know?
Hi, if I buy this copier comes with one (1) toner or toner is ... I have no doubt that
Is there a warranty on this?
If sleep is disabled is the initial first print time always instant?
Is it MAC compatible?
Can the default be set; if there is paper in multifeeder, it will automatically grab that verses the paper drawer?
What is the warrantee on this product please
does the copier reduce and enlarge
How can I help my cartridges last longer? After about 6 months there are noticeable changes in the print quality.
I like the quality but not the life-span. I've bought 2 in the past yr since after after 5/8 months they start to fail. Suggestions? Any warranties?
is this compatible with hp laserjet 2300?
WILL A CE505X REPLACE CE505A IN A LASER JET 2035?
HOw to make the cartage case move to the center so i can chge the ink
can you use genric ink in this
Is there a update available so I can use this printer with my chromebook?
if the ink is low or one cartridge is empty, will the scanner still work?
When making key chains can you print a few photos on a sheet at key chain size? what size key chain do you make? thanks again
Does the printer allow you to print 2x3 photobooth prints?
Is it possible to use this printer on a Mac computer?
Hi what sizes print and what is the part number for paper and ribbon can I use it for this model. Thanks.
Also, can it print passport photograhs?
Does the printer lighten up photo.
Will the DS-SL10 print from a cord from a Nikon D200 camera
Hi. Please confirm how is this printer built? The consumables set is only paper for separate size or one size is good for all. Please advise!!
Do you have to load different rolls for the 5X7 or the 4X6?
How does it do with over-heating? I'm a teacher and want to use it in the classroom but I've heard of other laminators that have even caused fires.
I think this will laminate record covers, right? Would it take an actual vinyl record, or would this be too stiff to go through the rollers?
I use carriers with my current smith corona laminator which is worn out after 32 years of teaching. Thinking abouut this model to get through to retirement.. Does this use a carrier cover? It adds thickness but protects fron glue ruining the rollers....
Who is the manufacture of the purple cow laminator?
can you laminate 10 mil pouches with this machine (i dont mind having to go thru several times)
What is the difference between this model and the cheap purple cow one that sells for $28?
is the quality good enough for pictures?
I want to laminate folder games. Can this do it?
hello there, is this machine compatable with 220 volt supply?
Has anyone that bought this previously owned the scotch TL 901 or TL 902. Other than laminating size and the warm up time, are there any differences
Is this product made from post-consumer recycled paper?
I assume the price is for 20 lbs or 5 reams?
Does this paper work well with laser printers? We're upgrading from an inkjet and I understand not all paper gets good results with a laser printer...
Are there any receipt printers this unit is not compatible with? One of the feed back posts mention not being compatible w/ their Epson printer???
Can I use it manually with the turn of the key?
does it have phone jack ,also what kind of printer i can use with it?
I am looking for an extra set of keys for Large Cash Drawer HS-410A2 that was purchased last year. Have misplaced set I got with drawer. Do you have
is the bill and the coin all one insert and can i just take it out of the cash drawer housing.
Do you have to use the key to open every time if using as a stand alone drawer with no printer?
Is this drawer metal/steel?
I see that the coin &amp; bill trays are separate. I will not be needing the change tray, will I be able to change it's position to the rear of the draw?
is there a mounting hardware, will this fit under a couter drawer?
Does this Drawer work with Star printers?
How muck ink is in eack cartridge compaired to stock cartridge
Hi!, I have a Canon MG6110 with 6 cartridges, can I use this system? i saw in the article Photos and it seems so. do you sell the ink too?
Hi, my printer is Canon MG3220, can i use this continous ink system? If not, which one can i use??
Hello, I was just wondering if this system also works with MG5850, I think it does, but I asked you anyway.
Is there a way to make the black ink print darker? (I don't know if this is an ink cartridge problem for sure, but it never happened with the Epson inks).
Why does grey print green?
will this work with the Epson expression xp 211?
I rec'd this product w/out refilling directions-does anyone have them?
Has anyone had problems with the dark colors of photos fading after a few months? The photo paper I used was over 6 years old, could that be it?
Has anyone tried to refill these cartridges?
Would this work for the DCP-7065DN model?
Does this cartridge work okay with Brother MFC-7360N printer?
what is the part number?
Can you give me a web address where I can access the directions for resetting the printer to accept this cartridge? I lost my copy.
Does this cartridge work with "Brother printer/fax 2840" ?
I ordered this toner cartridge listed as High Yield, but I was only able to print 1683 pages. It should print 2600 pages. Was it not really high yield?
will this fit a BROTHER MFC-7365DN ?
Has worked fine, but I hate to trash it after it's empty. Do they recycle or refill them? If so, how can I send it back?
There's a 100% Cartitech Quality Guarantee on this toner. What exactly does that mean and if there's a problem with the quality, what do I do then?
Not sure what this is? Do you put extra cartridges in here?
Can it be used on the WF-3012?
Will this fit a WF-4640?
Is for the WP-4530
will this fit on L1300?
Can it be used on the WF-3620
Will it fit theEpson Workforce WF-7110? Did a search on part number T6711 and this came up.
does this ink maintenance box work on wf-7620 . they say that I need the T6711?
will this work with workforce 3640?
will it fit the 3540?
is it wall mountable
Does it have a number directory or just the fe speed dial
does it have call waiting?
how can i get this fixed? when talking on the receiver, the other party could hear me, but I can't hear the other party.
How long is the cord on the corded handset?
do the handsets need to be pluged into an electric out let
Does it have a number directory or just the five speed dial options?
does it have an audio message alert function
The yield of the black cartridge is stated at 2200 what are the yields of each of the color cartridges?
Plan to use it to print family photos on glossy paper in letter size, so not the normal 7% color coverage. how many photos printing can brand new toners support? Just need a ball park range answer.
The price of these is more expensive than the printer itself with cartridges. What's the difference? How can you tell the yield from the cartridge's #
Will this printer run without the color cartridges? I really just need black.
you send the toners in their original box and are in the image?
what about refills for it
Does anyone know what ink is in the cartridges?
ink cartridges: what kind of ink cartridges does this pen hold?
From the Pics it looks like its Twist off, Hence Question: Is it Twist Off?
How thick is the pen? I own a Lamy Fountain Pen, I'm curious how wide the circumference is for this pen without the cap.
anybody find the ink flow sporadic?
Where can you get ink for this pen? Does it use cartridges?
What other nib sizes are available on the Nemosine Singularity?
The product information says this pen is 4 ounces. Is it really that heavy? Other colors of the same model are listed as weighing 0.6 ounces.
Is this pen good for calligraphy? Can anyone post a picture of how well they can get it to work for calligraphy?
OK, so I'm a total ignoramus! Read the instructions but still don't know how to install ink cartridges (no diagram); don't know terminology!? Help!
Can I use a JinHao ink cartridge with this pen?
How can I stop ink from leaking from the sides of the nib?
How do i send it back in for warranty?
Is there a way to fill the ink supply without buying disposable cartridges?
Is this Optima Scale or Prime Scale? The picture says it's Prime Scales
Can this scale be used out doors?
Does optima offer a display with a printer? how much for a stand for the display
I have a question about the scale indicator. Can it connect to another remote display? Thanks
How tall is this desk? Could it be used with a treadmill?
can anyone tell me how high the wheels actually are? my couch is fairly low to the ground, not much clearance.
I'm looking for something I can use while I'm on bed rest on a couch or in bed. How well would this work for that? Does the top swivel 90 degrees?
What are the dimensions of the table? Nowhere are dimensions given.
What is height?
how tall is it? Everything I am seeing is too short to use a stand up desk. I am 6' 1"
What is the maximum height of the stand? Is it tall enough to work from a standing position (like counter-top height)?
Does the top Tilt to different degrees?
Is there room for a 17 laptop and a mouse?
What are the dimensions of the table top portion of this stand?
Is this phone caller I'd and call waiting capable
what are the dimensions of the corded phone? Does the corded phone require electricity or is it powered from the phone line?
Is it a talking caller ID?
What kind of battery does it use?
how do you set up the remote access answering system?
unlike the phones with Bluetooth, do you have to place the phone number in manually or can you transfer them over from your cell phone.....TG.
Can this phone be used with voicemail carrier for home use such as verizon?
When you update your telephone directory, do all of the phones update at the same time?
Can you mount the corded telephone on the wall?
Is this phone wall mountable and does it stick out very far from the wall?
For long-time owners, how is the cushioning? Does it still hold up?
what are the minimum and maximum distances from the floor to the seat rest for this chair
Does the chair have the ability to lean back at all?
Does anyone know the weight limit for this chair?
Does anyone know the weight limit for this chair?
how high is the back?
Is this chair comfortable for a person 6'2" tall?
does this chair have good lower back support?
What does a racer/gaming chair do that a good office chair doesn't do better (apart from looking cool and costing more)?
So I'm a college student and I sit and do homework for about 4-7 hours a DAY, would this be a good choise or something else.
What are the dimensions of the desk?
I have a few questions: are those two drawrers or a hidden keyboard-tray feature, or nothing at all? and is there space to put a computer tower below?
What are the dimensions inside the cabnet with the doors closed ?
What about the front doors? Do they open together? Does anyone know the size of that opening? I have a large printer I would like to put in there.
Does it come unassembled?
I know this one is for file cabinet, but I use to store snick knacks, is it strong enough??
DO THE DRAWERS OPEN EASILY?
What are the dimensions of this unit
Are both drawers(top drawer) for filing?
Is this as dark as in the pic, or a little lighter?
Is the back piece of this made of composite board or the usual hard cardboard-like piece normally provided with their pieces?
Do BOTH drawers lock? (Or only one)?
how high is this chest?
I see the dimensions, but they are not delineated. What is the height of the cabinet?
What are the dimensions of this file cabinet
There's shrink wrap on the board, is there an easy way to remove all of it? We tore off as much we could, but there's plastic sticking out the edges.
How tall is the board once put together?
Have there been changes made to the packaging?
Can anyone tell me how wide the legs are (from front caster to back caster)?
Which eraser do you recommend for this board?
Are these be easily cut with a Silhouette or other diecut machine? How thick are they (measurement)?
Does Sarah McLachlan know you are using her image to sell cardboard?
Would these be good for mailing address labels or stickers?
How thick is each one? Will two fit into a 9x12 manilla mailing envelope?
Can you cut through it with a paper cutter?
Can you print on these?
Are these REALLY 8.5" x 11"? We ordered the 50-pack and the sheets were 1/8" larger each way (8.63" x 11.13" so had to trim before they were useable)
How easily do these bend? I need something sturdy for my homemade address labels. They cannot arrive bent or creased!
When purchased from EZFindDeals, how much does an individual cardboard sheet weigh?
would these work to help keep clothes protected during shipping?
Can these be the backing for picture mats
Is it acid free
What is the shipping time for this item?
Under Shipping Information...... It says Supported Countries...... does that mean you ship to those areas?
your picture says 1.8 mil. X 55 yards and the written description says 2.0 mil. x 330 feet. Which one is it??
best price/hardest decision- listing is not right-says 330feet/pic says 55yards?how do i decide?
What is the maximum weight this chair can support?
What is the heighth of the chair?
How many chairs per order? How easy is it to assemble?
The width of the chair is 16.8", correct?
RE: FlashFurniture XU-DGW0008VRT-WAL-GG Hercules Seriues Chair - does this have the vinyl seat or not? I do not want the vinyl seat.
What is the seat height of these chairs? I am looking for solid wood chairs in this style and color with a 19-inch seat height.
What do I have to do to attach the seat? Does it come with pre-drilled holes?
What is the weight rating for these?
Will these work on the 1430?
will these work on the Epson 1410? I have been told that the 1410 needs different chips to the 1400.
Will these replace the Epson 69 TO692, TO693 and TO694 color cartridges?
will this product work with EPSON STYLUS PHOTO 1280 ?
Do these read accurate ink levels as they are being used? or do they only recognize full and empty?
Does this work with Epson WorkForce WF-2660 All-in-One Printer?
Will these refills work with an Epson WF-7610?
One of the cartridges will not be recognized. I have reset, pullout, cleaned, replaced with OEM... Nothing.. Any advice? (No word from CS)
my printer will not recognize cartridge, what Do I do?
When using for Sublimation printing - which paper type should be used? Matte?
Everything seems to work fine except that I'm getting some black ink "leakage" (Not sure how else to describe it.) Any ideas?
The small rubber pieces that are removed to allow air flow. Do those stay out permanently or are they replaced when not printing?
is the price for the set of 5
Is there more to it than just adding ink, because the instructions that comes with it appears to indicate I need to remove the ink from the cartridges
Any plans for future iterations of this product? Maybe have 'expansion packs' for particular jobs like Managers that are "On Call", or blank slates
Are the labels already affixed and are they on both sides? My office would like to customize them or just use them blank.
Does this unit have a slit in the plastic so that you can put your own messages?? Some messages are nice, but I would like to have the ability to remove a message and put my own message. i.e. Out of town, Atlanta, GA and so on.
I have not ordered this item yet but I love the concept! Do the cards show what you are doing from both sides?
i was looking to order about 30 units, however, shipping was quoted as almost $63.00, is this correct?
I would like to attach the Flip It outside my office door. Does the adhesive strip leave any residue when removed?
Hi! I am from Singapore and keen to purchase the flip it. Can it be arrange to ship to Singapore?
Is there a "Do Not Disturb" label?
4 Flip it in my cart but when I checkout shipping comes out to $23.80...much higher than advertised???
Description says it can be expanded to up to 12 phones. I only need 4, but do I order individually, or will ordering this item X 2 work?
when you enter a number in the phone book from a handset, does it enter it on all the others handsets automatically as well?
is it returnable
How good is the range?
Does this phone have a headset jack?
Can it be wall mounted?
does the caller id talk when some is calling
Can I use a cordless plantronics headset?
is it compatable with my other uniden dect 6.0 phones
Is this a 2.5 mm or 3.5 mm headset compatibility?
does it have speed dial
Does it have caller ID if subscribed?
how many ringtones does it have.Are the ringtones loud?
I just bought this new. The audio I hear from others is great, BUT people say my voice is choppy. Anyone else experience this? Thanks!
How is the voice quality in a call? Do you think that the uniden d1780 at a greater price is better product?
Does the base function as a phone also? That is, can you answer a call without using a hand held, only using the base?
additional handset
Does this phone have a port for a headset?
Does the message waiting indicator light show telephone company voice mail messages or just the internal answering machine messages?
Is the adaptor works with 110-240v?
Is there a headset jack?
Is the accessory part for the wall mountable base included? If not, how do I go about getting this part? Thanks!
are there problems with charging the battery
Can we use Uniden DCX170 handsets with this phone?
Does anyone have a problem with the battery keeping its charge? They are sending me another battery and I'm skeptical.
Check voice mail remotely
What battery should I use to replace current ones? There don't seem to be any with 300mAH.
How far can handset get away from base and still be working?
Can I hear the outgoing message while the machine is answering a call?
Does ths 1780 have an answering machine? It looks like my old one and it does and my neighbor needs on just like mine.
How many additional phones can it handle?I would like at least 5.
What is the maximum range or distance between base unit and handset unit?
Is the dial pad larger than average since we would be getting this for an elderly person
DOES UNIDEN D1788-2 HAVE CALLER ANNOUNCE?
Is the sound clarity good in the corded phone too? With a volume adjuster? Thank you guys for your help!
do you need to plug the wireless set into a telephone jack or just an outlet?
does this phone have call waiting
Does the answering machine have an audible beep to alert you when there is a new message?
can this unit transfer incoming calls from the main base to any handset, or between handsets??? I don't mean intercom calls! Thanks!!
Is this compatible with a Plantronics Vista M22 corded headset?
Will this unit work with a VoIP system (Voice-over internet), such as Magic Jack?
Does this phone have an output jack that I can plug in to my freestanding GE Dedicated Answering Machine?
Does this phone have a headset jack included?
How much "announcement: time is available? I need at least 1 minute, more would be better.
Does the phone have a light to inform you of a waiting message?
how is the ringer silenced?
Does this phone have voicemail capabilitty?
Can you mute the phone so it does not ring and you cannot hear the caller but the message will still record?
Is this a 2 line Phone
where can I find the handsets to expand off this product?
Is the base unit wall mountable
I own this phone. It reads "Silent Mode On". I can't receive calls. People who call me get a busy signal. How can I undo this?
I have a very old Uniden now and it has an alarm clock feature on the hand sets that I really like. Does this phone have that?
does it have spanish language?
How many hand sets will one base station support and can two base stations be linked. We need 8 residential phones.
Can you turn off the keytone so it doesn't "beep" when you dial a number? Can you hear the pre-recorded message when the answering machine picks up?
Is there a headset jack?
Wall Mount description has an "x" (accessory part). So is it wall mountable as is or do I need to order some accessory?
does this phone have an answering machine?
is the base compatible with an "out-of-sight powerjack" (Leviton)?
Will this unit work with a VoIP system (Voice-over internet), such as Magic Jack?
Does this phone have an output jack that I can plug in to my freestanding GE Dedicated Answering Machine?
Does this phone have a headset jack included?
How much "announcement: time is available? I need at least 1 minute, more would be better.
Does the phone have a light to inform you of a waiting message?
how is the ringer silenced?
Does this phone have voicemail capabilitty?
Can you mute the phone so it does not ring and you cannot hear the caller but the message will still record?
Is this a 2 line Phone
where can I find the handsets to expand off this product?
Is this a stand-alone phone or does it need to be used with a phone system?
will this phone work with d1680 series
Will it make an extension by just plugging into an electrical outlet and programming - and have Speaker phone on this model?
Compatible with DECT 6.0 phone in a DECT1580 base?
Two questions, does this unit have a headphone jack, will it work with a D1780?
How loud is the ringer? My current Uniden phone has a very low ringer, so I can never hear unless I'm in the same room as the phone.
Does the handset ship with a battery pack?
can you silence the ring
does my main phone have to be uniden or does this just plug in wall to charge and work?
Will it work with a Uniden DECT2080-4 model
Can you use more than one extension at a time, or do you have to transfer the call between units?
I heave the main phone which works perfectly well but the other three that came with the package, do not. Is there a way I can just purchase the three phones rather than the set with the main component which I dont really need
I need one head set I can mute will this unit do that?
Does the nswering machine have an audable peep when it contains a message?
is this a speaker phone?
can you assign a different ring tone for specific phone numbers?
Does this phone have speaking caller id- such that if a call comes in the unit will tell you who is calling?
does this phone have 1 or 2 lines?
What is the range of this phone?
If I put numbers in the main base phone book, can I transfer them to the other two phones or will I have program the numbers in each phone's book?
Can this phone be used with a life alert type system?
I just need a simple home phone with an answering machine. just plug it in...both the electrical outlet and my phone jack and be ready to go. good?
Reviews for D1788
How do you register additional handsets? Have read and reread the manual for base and handset. Can't get live person at Uniden. FRUSTRATED!
Can you record your own message?
Can this phone be mounted on the wall?
Does this phone announce the name and number of incoming phone calls?
does it have a head phone jack?
What are the specs of this phone. Amazon gives absolutely no specs here. How many digits can be input to the number 32? 38? 42?, Is there a headset
how can I get the wall mount?
Does a bluetooth headset connect to the handset?
I get digital phone service through my cable tv provider. When power goes out, our phone doesn't work. Will this phone REALLY work if power goes
Does this system have the 'room monitor' function where you can turn on the speakerphone of another handset and listen to that room?
Can this phone link to a BT cellphone, so that the handset can talk and listen through the cellphone connection?
bluetooth and cellphone?
at&amp;t
I need instruction on how to save a name and number I have just typed in and add it to the book. It does not stick. There is no instruction how to add the name and number I just typed to the Phone Book
where is the intercom button
can you use a bluetooth headset with this phone?
Is there a way to turn the answering machine incoming messages off so it still records, but people in the house can't hear them?
Does it come with, or can you purchase a clip to carry it with you around the yard?
Can you screen calls without picking up a handset? That is, when the answering machine answers a call, does the base play the message out loud?
can you turn off thr caller i.d. voice?
does the phone come with batteries/
can i record my personal message for answering if not at home?
Does the second phone need to be connected to a phone outlet or does it work off the phone that is connected?
Does each hand set have a speaker phone?
I need to use these in a country of 220v/50hz. which stepdown would you recommend? how many watts do i need for each phone? thanks
is this set compatible with my 2 existing uniden 6.0 digital phone
Will this unit work with a VoIP system (Voice-over internet), such as Magic Jack?
Does this phone have an output jack that I can plug in to my freestanding GE Dedicated Answering Machine?
Does this phone have a headset jack included?
How much "announcement: time is available? I need at least 1 minute, more would be better.
Does the phone have a light to inform you of a waiting message?
how is the ringer silenced?
Does this phone have voicemail capabilitty?
Can you mute the phone so it does not ring and you cannot hear the caller but the message will still record?
Is this a 2 line Phone
where can I find the handsets to expand off this product?
where can i buy the instructions ?
is the flash pad 3.0 any good
Can games be replaced. Is there a card that you can buy to change the games or add games like an IPod?
Do you know where I can obtain the barcode reference sheet so I can actually set mine up for no CR? lost my doc for it
Has anybody every used this with the Booktracks text book circulation system?
Is this barcode scanner compatible with an ipad as my register?
Does this read letters as well as numbers?
What size batteries does it take?
Does this work as a blutooth connection?
if i buy 2 units can you combine the shipping
Is it an IT3800 with a "true" USB cable (not a PS2 style cable witha USB adapter?
When the scanner is in the base does it automatically scan without having to press the trigger?
I'm interested in the Teacher Created Resources Foam Color Cubes (20615) want to know how big the cubes are and how many come in a package. Thank you!
how many cubes come in a pack?
what are the dimensions on these cubes
Will this phone work with only one line connected to it? I like all the features on this phone, but only have one phone line. Thanks.
Does this phone have a 2.5mm headset port?
Does this phone have a conference function allowing you to conference in another party?
Does it have a Data port?
is power supplied through the phone line itself or does the power come from an electrical outlet?
Can this connect to the 4 phones I have now? My handset landline will not pick up line 1 I need to replace it but the other 4 cordless haNDSETS i HAVE
Does this phone allow you to set up a ringtone for each individual line? Like have one ring tone for Line 1 and another for Line 2?
Does it have intercom?
Is there a way to pick up the calls on hold?!
Dear Sir, Is this compatible with with my RCA 25425 and 25424?
Ordered an extension RCA DECT 6.0 Accessory Handset RCA-H5401RE1. But it doesn't work with this unit. What extesion does?
is it wall mountable?
I just bought this phone and am reading the reviews and getting nervous..... should I return and buy an RCA?
My new phone doesn't dial properly. Some of the number I dial are different. Do you know how to fix it?
Is the ms2015 the same as the at&amp;t 1070
I only have two lines currently, will this phone work?
Find the verbal caller-id announcment on my sister's phone to be annoying and hard to understand. Can this be disabled so u just get visual ID?
I don't have a cell phone, I just want to have an extra phone and listen to the person leaving a message on the speaker phone without lifting receiver
One more question before I hit the ad to cart button.I am hearing impaired.Is the ringer loud?
does this phone have the date and time stamped onto the handsets?
can both bases be mounted on wall?
does the phone connect to wire line as well as cellular service
Is the keypad on either the base unit and/or handset have backlighting so you can use in the dark?
Does the base have a speakerphone function on it so that I can use it without having to physically use a handset?
Can I set an option to use the cell phone as the default outbound line instead of the land line?
Do the handsets and base support silent mode or no ring that's easy to set?
Does this phone pair with my bluetooth headset at the same time my cell phone is paired on it?
What is the ring like on this phone. I totally HATE the ring on my present phone.
I have bad cell reception at my house I want to know if this phone will help to get better one?
Does Caller ID show name along with phone number?
does this phone have call blocking
Does this phone in other countries as well, say India, given the operating voltages and frequency required. I am not sure from the specifications.
Can you turn the riger completely off on both?
speaker phone
Is the ADDITIONAL HANDSET wall mountable? Thanks!
I don't want my cell info d/l to this phone. I don't want to connect my cell to this. Is there an option to say no to connect and not keep asking?
Can you add additional handsets?
Is this phone analog?
does it have answering device
Does this phone have a headset jack for wired headsets? Thank you
Is there a wall barcket for this handset
I lost the booklet to the phone. it keeps telling me registration failed what can i do or where can i call??
what batteries does this use
What's the distance of operation
Will this TL 88002 handset work if it is replacing an AT&amp;T SL82318 phone?
I already have a at&amp;t cordless phone with base. Can i buy this and add it to the phone I already have so I can now have 2 lines and 2 handsets?
Is the Caller ID backlit when a call comes in?
does this phone have a voice mail feature?
can I use one phone line and be able to place 1 incoming call on hold while being able to answer a second call
Can it run with batteries, or does it need power from a wall wart? (not useful as a wall phone if it doesent't use batteries)
Anyone using this with a VOIP system? I'd like to use it with Ooma.
CAN IT BE WALL MOUNTED????????
how can you obtain replacement speed dial cards
Can a wireless headset plug into it?
How long is the cord when fully extended? I got an answer of 17" and one of 3 or 3 1/2feet.
can a wired head set be connected to this phone
can you set the answering machine part to answer only one line?
Will it work on 220 voltage?
Does it come with a belt clip?
Does this phone have an Answer-only feature, where you can leave an out-going message while no incoming messages are recorded?
What kind of batteries do the handsets use? Standard rechargeable or custom?
Is there a blinking light for each line when messages are left on the answering machine?
the speaker is not working on one of the handsets How can I fix it?
Can the bigger set be wall mounted?
Will this phone work with a cordless headset, as in the TL 7600 or 7800?
Can you silence rings from each of the lines separately and also differently on individual handsets?
will this corded phone work when the power goes out as long as our telephone service is still up?
Does the phone have 1 lines, or 2 lines (I need to be able to plug a fax in and leave it plugged in, so need a 2 line phone) Thanks.
Can the corded unit be hung on the wall?
Does the handsets play back messages or just from remote answering machine
How do I check messages remotely?
Does this phone work with cable phone service? Some aren't recognized by digital prompts like "press1 for yes, press 2 for no" with cable.
Does this phone have call waiting feature
Can you hear your recorded greeting as it's played to the caller?
Does this phone allow you to BLOCK unwanted calls?
Does this phone have a connector for headsets? If so, what type
no room on phone to plug in answering machine do I need a new phone
Can I connect this machine to my interenet modem and then to the base phone?
Can you hear the voice of the person while s/he is leaving a message so you can pick up if want to?
What battery requiered to keep time stamp ?
Does this have a beep to alert you that there are messages waiting?
I have a line through my cable company and my phone is a hard for the hearing cordless unit that doesn't come with an answering machine. will this wor
When replaying old messages, in what order does it replay them: from newest to oldest, or from oldest to newest?
Where does this product ship from?
Is this just a plain answering machine that doesn't need voicemail service?
I have frequent power outages. Does this machine erase the outgoing announcement every time? would I need to re-record my message?
I have a base and satellite base for a DS6511-2. Lost one handset/dog got it? Will this work as just a land-line phone, even though the DS6511 handles cells also??
Is this phone wall mountable? What are the dimensions of the base?
can you take away from your home
will it pair with a cell phone witthout the base.
can this be used as a stand alone phone? can the base be plugged into a land line jack? Or is it only an additional set?
What does this include? handset, charger, base, power adapter, 2 batteries, wall mount bracket, owner's manual??
This lists as an AT&amp;T phone. It looks like the VTech Accessory Handset for DS6521-2 Series Phone - which is what I need. Can you tell me which it is
i bought the D3098 Dect 6.0 DC3098S. does handset have both speaker phone and HEADSET plug
does the uniden dect model 3098 handset have speaker phone and headset plug ?
Is this handset compatible with the D3098 answering system?
What is included in the box?
Is answering machine available on this phone
is this handset compatablie with the d3097.i ordered the white base/ one handset,i need another handset,can't find a white handset so i'l get this
Is this handset compatible with the D2997 base set?
is the dcx390 compatible with the the d2997 phone.
I cant get this phone to register to the D3098 Base station. I have charged the battery to completion, reset the PRAM. So frustrated! any tips.
Is this handset compatible with all Uniden DECT 6.0 systems?
Is this paper recycled? And if so, what percentage?
Is this just plain white(ish) newprint, nothing printed on it?
Could you tell me if this newsprint has a glossy coating on one side?
Are these stickers safe to put on wood? I want to label some antique furniture too, but not if I am risking the finish. Thanks!
about how big are the labels? they seem a little small?
How many labels come for each room? Are they pre printed, or blank?
Would this product be suitable for wrapping a concrete pillar in a parking garage for padding? I want to protect my car door from bumps and scratches.
Does this come as one roll or many sheets? If a roll, is it perforated?
How thick is it?
Can I use Skype on this?
Will this phone be able to direct incoming call to leave messages for 4 employees that are not available at the time of call?
If I buy and plug in this phone, how do I select which number/area code for it?
Does it have a back light for the screen?
The current electronic translator I have defaults to a "Word of the Day". This is annoying. Does this version do that?
Can you connect it to a computer?
is this Castillian Spanish or Latino spanish?
can you turn the speaking from the device off?
If I type in a sentence of my own in English, will it translate to Spanish?
what batteries does it take
can i use headphones with this device
What is the depth of the drawers?
Is it metal?
Is the back side finished (does it match the front and sides)?
How tall is it?
How tall is it?
WHAT IS IT MADE OF
Can anyone tell me the size of the seat on this chair?
What country was this manufactured in? Any locks on the casters?
What's the lowest height? can I use this for a standard desk?
what is the maximum seat height?
Can they be used as bookmarks?
are these sticky all over? or halfway up like a tab?
what is the cost of it in the indian curencey
Can these be used in the post it pens as refills?
What's best to use to write on it?
What material are the markers? Paper? Or the plastic-y material?
Do these work in your post it flag dispenser
Are they plastic or paper?
are they sticky on one side or do they alternate sides? for instance let's say the top note has sticky on the right side. but the page under that one has sticky stuff on the LEFT side so it looks like an accordian when you pick up the top part. are...
Did any of you receive only half of one color in the package? Mine came with only half the amount of the darker greens than the other colors.
Are the included ink cartridges full retail-sized or just "starter" (reduced) ink quantity?
Does this printer also scan??
does this printer support heavy card stock for invitations in weights up to 100 lbs
Does this print envelopes?
How many pages do you get from Brother High Yield Toner Cartridges TN221?
Shelf life says 24 months. Please tell me the age of this product.
how many pages do you get from the genuine brother TN-315 high yield toner cartridges? 3500 or 6000 copies? please be specific
how many pages do you get from the Genuine Brother TN-315 toners?
Does it support Legal size paper?
Is this a replacement tray, or an additional tray?
is it the tray shown in the picture of the search results (all black) or the one on this page (gray/black)?\
will this tray work with any laser jet printer?
Is the printing speed affected when loading from this tray?
Does this item fit on a HP Laserjet Pro M425dn MFP?
Does this work with hp 400 model 425dn?
Is this tray compatible with the M401N ?
does this 500 paper feeder work with hp laser jet pro 200 color mfp m276nw printer????
does this 500 paper feeder work with hp laser jet pro 200 color mfp m276nw printer????
The photo of the calendar says it's January to January, but the description is July to June. Is this really a July to June calendar?
what are the measurements of the boxes What are the measurements of the individual boxes?
is this calendar for 2014?
Is the tilt angle of the seat adjustable?
Is the height adjustment measurement the bottom/underside of the seat, or the top where you would sit?
Is this seat OK for men to use?
Is this stool available in white or any other colors?
What is the weight capacity?
What is the weight capacity?
Does this printer handle duplex?
Ethernet connectable? Do you know if small tray can be used for envelopes (since there's no multi envelope feeder) while using larger tray for paper?
Can you buy a second paper drawer? I need letter and legal size for print jobs.
can it print legal size
I have been trying unsuccessfully to install drivers from the Canon online site. I have an iMac OS 10.9.2. Any help would be appreciated.
does this copy
Are there settings that need to be changed to print an envelope? Display msg says: Set below paper. Env No 10 envelope. Canon has not been helpful.
Will I be able to cancel a print job wth the buttons on the printer? Replacing a LaserJet 5 and loved that option.
Does it work with yosemite
I have a MacBook running Windows parallel on it. Will there be a conflict with trying to get this to run on both machines?
Is this shredder as fantastic as they are saying it is.
How much does this weigh? The product page says it's 1 pound! TY
Is this shredder very loud and is it a micro or cross cut is it fast cutting or slow.
Can you line the basket with a plastic bag without disabling the functioning of the shredder?
Can you use lubricating sheets instead of oil in this shredder?
Is this shredder picky about the way it is fed? If you happen to feed papers at an angle and the papers get folded over, will it jam?
My shredder keeps running in auto mode. I've cleaned out the blades but it still runs non stop unless I turn it off.
Does it plug into a standard outlet?
Does this shredder overheat, or can I shred for 10 minutes nonstop? My old shredder used to overheat and shut off when I continuously fed it paper and I could never make much progress. Thanks.
My Simply Shred shows "Bin Full" when it is not. What engages this, and is it something I need to clean?
Will this sign turn on and off using a switched outlet or does it require the remote to operate?
Does the sign run off batteries too? Or does it need to be plugged in? My windows in my shop aren't close to any outlets.
Does it come with everything needed to MOUNT IT TO A WINDOW?
Will this work outside in both the heat of summer and cold of winter?
can I turn it on/off manually ? or must I use the remote ?
We bought 2 of these, how can we use 1 remote to control both?
I am in India and we have a 240 w connections does it have an option to choose from
How long is the power cord?
Does it come with the chains to hang the sign?
is it battery operated? or does it have a wire to plug in?
can this be used with a laptop?
What is the highest the monitor goes
Does the keyboard tray have to tilt or is there a flat option?
The reviewer mdk states that the model shipped is the same as the mooreco website. Is this correct? I am looking for the sleeve clamping system .
what is the lowest height the monitors can be brought down to?
how is the monitor height adjusted when you want to use it in the sitting position?
The picture shows two additional shelves above the keyboard shelf. Does item ships with all the shelves shown in the picture ?
What is the diameter of the main post?
Can anyone explain the 22" Monitor limitation? I have both a 24" &amp; 27" Monitors. Are these not going to work?
I have a Dell 964 AIO and it is not compatible with my new Dell w/windows 7. Is this printer compatible w/windows 7?
LCD does not say "printer" - only copy, scan, fax, memory device and setup - how do I print something - should the LCD say "print" or "printer"
how is it powered?
My printer is out of all 3 colors. Can you still use the printer with only a black ink carteridege? the printer prints but no ink is on paper.
Will this printer also printe legal size paper
used on what dell cp?
Ink type
is it compatible to windows 8
What ink cartridges does this printer use, Series 21, 22, 23, and 24?
Can you scan directly to word ?
Description says "fine point" and ".8mm" - which is correct? (normally .7mm = medium; .5mm = fine) Is .8mm the actual tip width?
Will this fit the Retro 1951 Toranodo pen
What's the length of the refill?
what size/weight monitors will it accomodate?
Just need to confirm that this stand holds 2-22" monitors?
Can you have 1 monitor facing the normal way and the 2nd monitor turned vertically (Long)? Would this bump the worksurface?
can this hold one monitor on its base or does it have to be clamped, if on base can its height be adjusted easily to switch between standing &amp; sitting
What are the dimension of the keyboard tray? I'm looking to use a keyboard and a wacom tablet (as opposed to a mouse). I need about 30-34" of width.
I know the monitor size is 24 inches max..but will the unit accept a 27 inch with a 24 inch monitor
This would be able to hold resumes right?
Is there a second slot for the pad on the BOTTOM of the right-hand side (so the folio can be flipped and used by lefties)?
What is it made of? Description doesn't say and I doubt if it's leather but need something durable yet attractive.
How many inches is the binder? Equivalently, how many pages fit in this?
Does the binder feature hold the classic size Franklin Covey calendars?
Would my iPad fit in here
What size paper can pack
How well does it stay open? Will it lay flat?
Is the left pocket stretchy? Can I fit a 6" x 3" calculator in it?
What are the exact dimensions? In particular, how deep is it? I would like something 2" deep. do you have anything that matches that requirement?
Does this come in a 3 inch binder? If not how well would it work with a good bit of papers?
Could I fit a small zipper lunch bag in the open part on the front? My young child needs a place to carry his lunch and his school doesn't allow bags.
Do the rings slide out?
does this binder come with file pockets or are they just divider tabs? I can't really tell from the picture
Does this phone works for Frequency Band of BSNL land line in India?
Does this phone have a headset jack? Thank you
I don't need THE base, what i want is one extension. Do you have one for sale on this model?
I have "followed all instructions" and my issue is: Callers can hear me, I can't hear them?
If there is no answering machine, how do I get setup voicemail?.
Is there an answering machine? There is no mention of one.
it works on 110v wall point?
whts GHz is it?
What answering machine is compatable?
can any base work or do I need to purchase a new set
Comparison with B007szkswk and B007szkt7y witch one is better?how?
What would be the warranty of this sign?
what is the depth of this sign?
How do you wall hang this sign?
How much does this sign weigh?
Does it come with all the required cables
Does the ethernet and power cable come with it.
Is there a mounting kit e.g screws etc. that come with this?
Does the mounting bracket for the transducer come with this package?
Hello What else do I need to make this a complete unit ? Ready for use.
Wheres the monitor for this unit. Is this just an add on kit for an exisiting system? How do you see the structure if this is a complete unit ?
What is the input power requirement; is it 110-240VAC, or either. Pic shows euro plugs; yes?
Can this be used without a landline, i.e. just by plugging it into the modem?
Is this strictly for Skype use, or can you use it with any VOIP service?
Do I need to install Dualphone software onto my computerfor the RTX phones to operate and will they operate with Windows XP?
Will this phone work with Windows 8?
Does it have speaker phone?
Can you set a certain number (1,2,3,4) instead of dialing the entire number to call?
Can you fly on an aircraft with this device? I got this warning on my phone that I can't.
Do you need anyother equipment to operate other than Sype acct? Can you receive and call landlines ?
Can a regular cordless phone system be used with the base of this device? I have a Panasonic home phone system that includes base unit &amp; 6 extensions.
Does it work with windows 8.1
can scanned invoices be added to a file each month, example, telephone bill for june be added to mays att telephone bill or do i have to make a new fi
How well does it handle small pieces of paper like receipts or odd sized packing lists
I have hundreds of photos to scan and I definitely want an ADF. Would this be the best option for what I need? Is it photo scan quality??
scanning to USB drive speed
whats the Manafactures warranty on this scanner?
We can't afford to rename every document. Our current scanner accepts a filename skeleton and adds "001, 002, 003" etc. Will the Brother?
Will this scan also to an external hard drive?
Will this scan multiple carbonless paper and allow for you to save all documents scanned as one file name, not have to name each scanned document?
Does any body knows if this scanner has a twain drive?
adjust print size
please can this product be used for making clothes or dress labels
Is it correct this drains batteries even when you turn it off with the power button and if you remove the batteries you lose your settings?
how do you adjust the LCD screen to make it brighter..I can barely see the print. Is there a light?
Does can set and print Chinese Japanese and Asian languages?
What is the largest font size?
Hi! Tell me please, can this device print current date automatically or one button pushing?
Is there way of adjusting the label size or maximizing the label space? It tends to leave at least 1" blank on both sides.
Is TZ tape the same as TZe tape?
which labeler uses least amount of tape?
How do you load more lead into the chamber? I can't get the top off.
How do you replace the eraser?
how do you replace the lead?
are these retractable lead pencils
Can you connect a desktop computer to this printer or only wireless laptops?
can i print from a samsung galaxy 7 tablet
Is this printer compatable with Windows 8?
Can it print from anywhere in the house?
how do you get the printer to use the black ink cartridge only?
I do not want the wireless on this printer how do I get rid of this?
We have this hooked up but it says it is offline and will not print. How do we make it online?
can this printer be used internationally?
What hanging hardware do you suggest?
can it be hung with adhesive strips on wood wall?
Has anyone tried making this into a magnetic chalkboard by using chalk paint over it?
Are the corners sharp?
Is it OK to install it on dry wall?
Can I hang up kitchen magnets?
Do you think I could mount 2 of these side by side to make a larger board and still have it look professional and be functional?
does this come ready to hang? or is it just a sheet of metal?
Are any magnets included?
Is the steel finished smooth or brushed? TIA
can you write on the whole board, or just a 6x4" strip?
I have magnetic IKEA spice containers that I'm planning on mounting on to a magnetic board. The magnets on the containers are heavy duty and should be able to adhere to metal no problem (unlike the magnets that come with the board, evidently). However,...
Is the back of this board magnetic also? Does it have to be mounted? Can I just apply it to my metal frame cabinet door?
Can this board be cut to trim the size?
How thick is the part of the board that will make contact with the wall? Is it wide enough to hang up with Velcro command strips?
Our frig is stainless steel. Think it would hold up on the frig with command strips? Is there enough of a border on the back to attach the strips?
Hi...does this board have a place on the back where you can set it down on a couple of 3M hooks?
Can it be hung on the wall vertically AND horizontally, or does it only have one orientation?
Could suction cups be used to mount this to a refrigerator? The suction cups attached via super glue or some other adhesive to the board's back?
How do you hang this on the wall ? Can I hang it like picture frame ?
I have this product and the printer now doesn't read the cyon color. Only what do I do
Is the ink a UV dye ink? or just dye ink?
I purchased this system for my Epson Artisan 837. The printer is not recognizing any of the cartridges. (it used to work).
The black ink stopped working. I made sure the cartridge was seated right, and cleaned it several times. But no black ink printing. Any ideas?
how do I reset the ink levels with reset?
How do I install this? Do you have a You Tube video showing installation?
Does it work for Bolivia?
is it unlocked?
Will this work in the US with TMobile?
What does " DROID" mean?
Droid says that instead of Android, that O / S is the cell?
Hey! i'm looking for this phone and i'm about to buy it, but i would like to know if it works in 3G, i'm from Venezuela. i will appreciate your answer
is it t-mobile compartible?
Is this phone a US version or European version? Will it work in UK's 3G?
good morning, this phone has wi-fi?
is it compatible with sim cards
why won't it print black? I replaced the black cartridge twice.
Can you use the color cartridges 564XL in this printer?
how to remove multiple unsuccessful attempts to PRINT, then when it does print, wasting a stack of paper??
does it work with ipad
Is there a manufacturers warranty with this printer?
does it reduce and enlarge
Mine is now grinding as it prints. Why?
does this come with ink
Box says "print from smartphone or tablet." Can I print from wireless computer?
I have a HP 210 Photosmart printer with copier,scanner and it will print from computer in green not black and it won't copy. What the problem
Is this OEM?
Is this new or refurbished? What is the warranty?
Will this work on the 3005DN?
does this work for a P4014N ?
Can you please tell me if this is a genuine HP product?
can you send it to Germany?
Hi is this 220v?
this maintenance kit works with hp Laserjet P4515x?
Have 18 point bible that measure 10 1/2 by 7 1/4 x 2 will this bible cover be big enough?
Will this fit a super giant print bible, 18 point type? Thanks
How large a Bible will it hold? Mine is 6.5 x 9.5 x 2.4 in. Will this work?
what are the dimensions
Can you tell me a bit more about how you grow these?
Are these fresh water ? I have an outdoor fish pond and it has an algae problem. Thought these may help?
I used distilled water and I only had baby triops hatch and they didn't live for more that 2 days. am i doing something wrong?
Could I put the animals in my 40 gallon fish tank or will they get eaten or eat fish?
do the triops eat the daphnia?
how long does it take for them to hacth?
Do these inks have the same fade resistance as the Canon brand?
are these really ink cartridges for $5?
Will this FIT Canon PIXMA MG2520
Will this work with MG2200?
Need to know if this will work with Canon PIXMA MG3520
Are these compatible with the PIXMA MG3520? I don't see it on the list but many other PIXMA MG series items are listed. Thanks!
how do they hold up on photo paper? I really only print photo's for Christmas and I don't want to waste my money if they are sloppy on the paper.
did it have inside ink or just a cartridges ?
Are the chips already installed on cartridges
Is this device manually fed or does it auto pull?
What DPI is this thing scanning at?
Can you scan 110 negatives with this scanner?
how to work it
How does the scanner work with mounted slides?
Please forgive a stupid question; so I can scan a b&amp;w 35mm neg and it will show up in my computer as a positive? And from there I can print?
Can you scan directly to a hard drive using a USB connection?
Is this scanner capable of saving these files directly on your computer, or does it only upload to an SD, which then needs to be transferred?
Is the AC adaptor travel-ready?
When you scan a black and white negative, does this device convert it to a positive black and white image for regular printing, etc.?
Are there any holes in the desk for desk top computer cord management? Or is there a space between the desk top and hutch bottom to put cords thru?
Is the pullout keyboard shelf able to be moved to the other side?
What are the dimensions?
Is there optional shipping to inside the home to the location where I will set it up? Can one person move it from the door to another room?
What is the largest monitor you could fit in the hutch side as shown in the picture?
what is the length of the desk 66x66 ?
In the description it says; Color: Black, Cherry. How can I choose which color I want?
I don't want the non-hutch side against the wall, is this portion finished on the backside?
Does the return on this desk have to be against a wall? Is the back side finished?
Are there shelves in the closed storage boxes on the hutch?
does this work with canon PIXMA MG6220?
Does this work with Canon PIXMA MG5320?
Will it work on the MG6200?
Can i use this Ink for print photo or only use this ink for Document
COMPATIBLE W/ MG5220 PIXMA ?
Hi, will these work with the MG4260? thanks
My MG6220 printer doesn't recognize these inks. What's wrong?
What does the rotating lead degree window do?
What brand of lead does this come with in it?
Is this 0.5mm (standard "fine" writing size) or 5mm drafting size (aka huge chunky lead)?
Does auto-feeding mean you don't have to keep pressing the feed button while writing?
Has anyone found an eraser refill that fits this model?
what is the difference if any between the kx-tg155sk and the kx-tg7645 looks like the same phone with a different model number
Re. the KX-TGI55SK. Do you have to manually enter the phone book in each handset or is the phone book global (enter once only)
Does this TG1555SK model have the Battery Backup option as in in TG7645M ? Also has anyone compared the two? Thanks!
Somebody in a review said your cell can only be linked to this phone if you don't have a landline phone. Is this true?? Thanks
is the lg cosmos 2 cell phone compatible with the kx-tg155sk
can the base unit be wall mounted?
Can you access voice mail remotely?
Is this compatible with the Iphone 4S? I read a review on another Panasonic phone system that said it worked with the Iphone 4 but not the 4S
What is the maximum number of phone numbers that can be programmed into the unit?
Can I drop my landline service and just get an extra cell line to dedicate to this phone which is much cheaper?
Why is this calculator cheaper than the non "plus" version? I paid $32 for that one. Is it because of the natural textbook display?
Does it come with a manual?
Does it saves all of my previous calculations even after being turned off?
Does this come with a protective cover?
can I use this to check the answers on evaluation expressions?
How do i get regular or decimal answers rather than fraction answers? And how do i use -log correctly with the buttons?
What's the difference between this model and the fx-991ES PLUS C? Does this model to fraction calculations as well?
I'm trying to figure out if there's a function to change the answer/solution to show a whole number instead of a fraction (e.g...1/2)
I have seen that this calculator can perform complex calculations. Can format of calculations/results be changed similar to the TI-89?
Does the Fx-115 es plus graph?
Hello, I wanted to know if I would be able to fit an external keyboard between the legs of the stand? It's a standard HP keyboard with attached 10-key
Does the product come with the mouse stand? What do you mean by stating DOES NOT INCLUDE WIZARD DESK STAND?
How large and heavy laptop can it support? Does it support 15.6 inches and 6 pounds laptop? And what is the tilting angle limit with a laptop?
What is the wizard desk stand?
Do you think this would be sturdy enough to hold thick college text books? I want something I can use for holding books about 3" thick while I read.
a lot of ppl on newegg complain that the feet aren't high enough to keep your computer from sliding off. TRUE???
Can you change the fans inside the case?
What's the RPM of the fans?
How high are the steps?
Does step-up like the one pictured, have straight lines on the sides and slightly curved front or scalloped sides like the detail pictures show?
What is the storage-step-up made from? No particle board I hope!
How much weight can it support?
Does this slide on tile or laminate flooring?
what are the measurements?
What are the dimensions
Can you give me more detailed dimensions, such as height, width and depth?
What kind of bags do you use with this shredder and where can I get them?
How big is the bin? I cannot find a manual anywhere and there is not much info on the product page. Thanks.
Does it have on "off" switch?
Does the waste basket pull out or do you have to lift off the lid?
Does this come with perforated lines, or already cut into squares?
How many sheets come in the order?
What are the dimensions of each sheet? Apparently one is 12" -- call it the "width", then is the "length" something like 19" like the photo implies?
-what is the thickness of this material?
-what is the thickness of this material?
how many sheets?
Has anyone else received a box with only three and not four dish boxes?
do the boxes include the partition parts too?
4 pack is 4 boxes?
are the dividers included?
I can see that the top of this is 36" wide....but could anyone tell me how wide the BASE of this is? (The part that actually sits on the table.) Thanks!
Anyone use this Standing desk with a monitor and a Keyboard? Would it work for that?
what the max weight that this stand can hold?
How much weight can this desk hold?
The standard desk is 12" tall. How high is the "Tall" desk? There are no features described with the photo.
The swatch of Golden Beech is much lighter than the pictured sample. How accurate are the swatches? I'm trying to match an IKEA beech desk
what tools are required for assembly?
where is this product made?
there isn't an option to pick a color. so what color will surprise us?
is this considered a number 2 pencil?
how long is the pencil?
what color is it
What is up with the eraser?? Every time I use, it goes right back down in the pencil. Is mine broke or is there a way to stop it from doing this??
How do I load the lead?
Where is it made? Japan, China?
how to put new lead in the clear papermate pencil
I just bought this item and another on January 17th, its supposed to arrive 23rd, but today is January 21, Weren't they supposed to be shipped by now?
How do I set the up answering machine
With caller ID does it announce who's calling via speaker?
Are the Talk and End keys Back Lit too?
Can you record your own voice announce for stored numbers, or does it only use the robotic voice the phone comes with when announcing who's calling?
Are the buttons hard or soft?
How to change number of rings before answering machine comes on
How many recent phone calls (numbers) will the phone store?
How many names and phone numbers does the phone store?
Can it be used in Latin america at 220v instead of 110v?
Do you need to pay a monthly service fee to the phone company to have the caller id announce feature work&gt;
how much weight does this chair hold?
is the seat comfortable because we have yard sales and we sit for around 3-4 hours
how many chairs come for this price?
what is the weight capacity
What is the seat height?
Hi. could you tell me the exact height from the floor to the cushion? I want to buy a suitable chair for my new desk. Thank you very much!
what is the weight capacity of this chair ?
does chair come fully assembled
What is the seat height? 45cm?
whats the seat height
Will the Epson workforce WP-4533 print pictures ?
How many paper trays are included and is one legal size?
Can it handle card stock?
Does it scan TO your computer?
What type ink?
Does the machine come shipped including printer cartridges?
Can this printer print borderless photos?
Can this printer print borderless photos?
what is difference on your site between the C11CB33231 WP-4533 at 190.43 and the WP-4533 at 322.90?
Can you please tell me what the manufacturers warranty is on this product?
can you scan documents and save it to your desk or laptop unlike the HPJ6480 model
How fast does it print?
does it work with windows 8.1?
2 sided copying?
is this printer wireless
Does this printer work with OS X 10.9?
I hate to show my ignorance, but do "wireless" printers have to be set up wireless?
I'm wanting to print color photos. How does the 8600 perform in this category?
Will the Hp Oficejet Pro 8600 Plus printer accept 32 lb. and card stock paper?
is it dual voltage (100-240v)?
Did your phone stop working today "Aug-14-14"? mine did and can't do anything to reconnect to the skype server.
What if I need more than one handset? Do I keep purchasing this same model, base and all?
Can this phone store speed dials? Like can I specify speed dials to skype contacts?
If I have a Skype number, can I receive calls placed from landlines or mobile phones to my Skype number?
can I connect it to a computer, whis has wifi connection with router?
Will this work with a wireless WI-FI network (no ethernet)?
With this phone I don't need a PC ? I can use the phone wireless with a direct connection Skype ?
Is there any way to hack the hardware and use a different handset on the adapter?
Is this 110-240v?
Can this phone phone be paired with the Clarity 53727 DECT 6.0 E814CC base unit? Thank you
Is this a stand alone phone? Do I need another base to pair it with?
Are the batteries included? I noticed one customer stated he didn't get batteries with his?
Does this have a Caller Block option?
how do you retrieve messages and delete them
Does this expandable handset have the tone control button?
can the volume be adjusted for normal hearing
Will this work with a Clarity E814 Amplified Big Button Corded Phone.
I purchased your E814CC and paired it with the 52703 handset. It registered fine and works great if I use the speaker. If I try to use the handset without the speaker it will make and answer calls but I can hear nothing and the caller hears nothing. I...
does this have a speaker button
Is this good for Saffiano Leather? Just recently bought a rebacca minkoff bag and its white and the dye from my jeans are transferring to it.
does this product work on calfskin leather bags?
It is OK to use this on a LAMBSKIN balenciaga bag?
is this good for suede louboutins
Will it ruin the metal that's on the bag? Bought a white bag with metal all over it and don't want it to tarnish that!
I plan on using this on a marc jacobs hobo bag that I just got as a gift. Should it be ok? Also how often should i apply it?
Has anyone used it on Stuart Weitzman Suede boots?
would this work on dressy leather shoes
can you use this product on a nylon jacket?
Is this silicone based?
will it stick to hardboard?
Does this peel the paint off the wall when taking it down?
Can you use chalkboard paint markers on this? You can use them on the Contact brand, but not real chalkboards or chalkboard paint. Have to know!
What is the difference between the Weekly Planner and the Goals Planner. The product descriptions are similar so I thought I'd ask for clarification.
Could I write in this with colored sharpies or will it leak through to the back/next page? I love to color code!
By what date should I wait to order a Goals Planner that starts July 2014? I would like to order now, but it seems like they still start in June...
What thickness are the pages? I'm looking for a thicker stock page
What are the dimensions of this planner (i.e. 5x7, 8x10)?
Would you give examples of how to use this planner? Where do I start, what do I put in "Personal Goals", Top &amp; Medium Priority &amp; Optional space?
The written description and the picture of the item show a spiral bound weekly planner but several reviews note that it is bound like a book. So the spiral bound description is wrong?
Do they make these for academic year planning? Maybe August-July
I don't know how to use this planner, there is any example template for career goal setting. where can i get help.
can I order one that begins on Jan. 2015?
What is the model of these cartridges? Is there a serial for which he can find them?
Does this work with epson stylus NX230
Just purchased the black cartriges as well as the multipack. It showed ink levels as full. Printed 3 test pages, black now empty. Why?
for $14.77 you get 1 black cartridge? Is there a generic brand for the Epson T 200 120
My printer is Epson XP-410. After I replaced the cartridge, why is the BK ink not working even though the printer said the replacement is complete.
how many black cartridges
Hi I recently ordered this ink cartridge and It does not work. What should I do?
Does the 200 or 200XL ink work with WF 2660? I can't find the answer anywhere, but the photo with the printer shows the 200 ink. Thank you in advance
How many different ink cartridges does the Epson WF-2650 use?
does this work in epson xp-410 printer
Can I use this with plain paper to transfer image with a power press T-shirt Heat Press or do I need special heat transfer paper?
Can this printer be used to print photos? Can it do high speed photos on-site at events. It needs to be able borderless 5x7s.
Can I use sublimation ink wthe the Ricoh SG 3110DNW Printer.
can you cable this printer to computer or must you use wi-fi/wireless?
do i need to download sawgrass power drive on this printer if using for sublimation?
What is the largest size paper that can be used with this printer?
Can I do print and cut iron transfers with this printer?
do i have to use a special ink if im sublimating, or the sublimation ink is the same as the one that come with the printer?
Can it be used with MAC?
has anyone had a problem with the printer not powering up
Are the casters suitable for use on laminate or wood floors? (are they rubber?)
can you buy just the wheels for this chair? one of ours broke
I understand the chair has two cylinders to choose from. However, can you please confirm the seat height at its lowest and highest settings?
What is the seat heigth at it's lowest setting? How much adjustment does it have?
What is the seat height at it's lowest and highest setting?
Will these castersl fit Ikea Fingal swivel chair?
Has anyone used these on the Ikea Jules chair?
Do the wheels roll freely (no braking) with no one sitting in the chair.
I am looking for office chair caster wheel of 10mm stem diameter and 31mm stem length. Any products available?
Do these wheels fit the Ikea Allak chair?
Will this suppport a 380 LB person?
Does this have elastic locking-meaning a spring feel when sitting down in the chair?
Will this piston work on VIVA OFFICE High Back Office Chair?
will this cyclinder fit the True Innovation chair Model# 40092, SKU# 634543669?
I have a questions about the base of the cylinder. I am looking for one that is tapered. I know the main cylinder measures 2", but is the base 1.5"?
Will this cylinder work with a Vecta chair that has a 3/4 inch cylinder diameter?
The chair's base opening, in which to insert the cyclinder, is only 1". The entire cyclinder length is 9" long. Are there any cyclinders like that?.
Will this work for Serta exec high back chair?
Hello, will this fit on a Herman Miller Aeron? Thanks.
How long do the batteries last?
Ho many handsets are included? Picture shows 4, but description doesn't seems to indicate only 2. Please clarify.
Does this model have a headset jack?
The product description does not mention about including charging devices, does this mean I have to buy separately?
Will this scanner scan to excel or does it come with it's software
We need to use this product outside, how will it do with rain?
We are using an iPad with Square POS. The Square scanner install says to use the CHS 7ci. Will the 7Pi work?
The point of sales system I'm using says scanner must be configured in HID mode. What is that and how do I configure it?
I would like to use this scanner with an iPad for an automatic check in system. If the trigger is continuously pressed will it scan multiple barcodes?
Will this do a simple inventory count by scanning- is a 3rd party app needed to post to an excel database or will it do it out of the box?
Will this scanner have trouble scanning barcodes through clear plastics or potato chip bags ?
where do I find the Socket Care extended care warranty program?
Does this scanner disable the virtual keyboard on iPhone/iPad??
I also need to know the measurement from the front two tips of the base to the back of the base.
How far does it adjust downward, I have a higher shelf in my RV and need the downward angle
What it the height of the stand? I need to hold a 12" monitor approx 3 to 4 inches off the counter and no higher.
will it support a 42 in lcd tv
Does this accommodate a iMac 27 inch?
Will this accommodate a 24" monitor in portrait mode? Specs say max height from base to center of screen is 9.5", so it sounds to me like it wouldn't
Does the base of the stand have rubber padding on the bottom so it doesn't scratch the desktop surface?
Can the holes in the base be used to secure the mount to a cart?
Will it support a 27" monitor? I'm looking to get this for a QNIXX.
how quickly can you adjust viewing angle?
Are the scoring rules on the back of the scoresheets?
How many pages?
What is on the back of each sheet?
what is the over all width
Is the "cappuccino" color brown or black?
How far does the keyboard tray pull out?
Is 24 inches the depth of the desk or the height?
What is the height space between the keyboard drawer and the (bottom of the) deskTOP? 3, 4, 5inches? I need to know the exact measurement.
What is the height from the floor to the bottom of the keyboard tray?
My box did not come with the instruction manual to put it together. Do any of you still have one you can upload so I can put it together?
Is it easy to put together?
What is the height of the desktop?
Does the keyboard pull out drawer have a lip or is it flat? Thanks!
What is the seat height?
Is the color black or mahogany?
is this real leather or bonded?
If i were to order this will i have to go pick it up when it get to the city or will someone like UPS or Fedex will delivery it?
does this work with cloud printing
does it use laser technology
WHICH COLOR INK IS COMPATABLE?
when did you buy it? does it still in warranty? all color inks included? (ylw, bk, cyan, magenta) did it has power cord?
please, you can send me information dimencion box, epson printer XP-200
does it include installation software? is the ink expensive?
Is the ink included?
Does the printer is to able to work with sweet paper or sugar paper for making cakes??
Is it compatible with Macintosh
what type printer cable does it take?
What is the diameter of the stem hole in the wheel?
Are the pins/stems removable?
Would it be possible for you to ship a set of these caters to Andover in England (code SP10 5NY) and at what cost? Regards, Alan Davis.
are these casters soft rubber and what is the stem lengeth?
how many wheels per set?
Do these casters really glide smoothly on 1/2' pile carpet?
is the stem length 7/8"?
is this price for 1 or 5
What Brother label tapes work in this machine? I've been using a simple Brother P-Touch that uses the M series tape.
Can I use this with a samsung Note 3? Also, how big are labels? Is it compatable with Etsy for me to print those shipping labels?
What is the main differences in the Brother QL-710W and the Brother QL-720NW?
Does this work with other brand / generic thermal label stock (e.g. Uline)? Or do you have to buy Brother brand labels?
I need to integrate into android app to print label to visitors. does this come with SDK which I can customize what and how it print?
Has anyone succeeded in setting this up on &amp; printing from an Android tablet such as Nexus 7 or Galaxy Tab using Brother's iPrint app (or similar)?
Someone please explain to me how to print postage with no monthly fee? I bought it, signed up, there is NO option that does not have a monthly fee!
Can this item be plugged in with a USB cable?
does it work with google cloud printing?
Does this work with printing from paypal?
size and color
Can anyone tell if Day-Timer 2014 Classic Desk-Size Daily Refill, 5.5 x 8.5 Inches (92010) is a match for this product?
What size paper does it use? Thanks!
what size are the binder rings?
Does it come with the ink cartridges or should I order them at the same time?
can i print both side of page
does it clean it self
How do I know what type of ink to buy?
how is paper loaded printer is under desk so access is limited
Does this printer easily and reliably do 2 sided printing?
what is the size of the footprint for this printer
all-in-one
Printer Cartridges: Hello, can anyone who has purchased this tell me if it comes with any ink cartridges?
is it windows 8 compatible?
Can you use to print FedEx shipping labels?
Is it compatible with windows 7
What kind of ink does the QL720NW use?
Can the serial interface be configured to to 9600-N-8-1 and is it a 9 or 25 pin interface?
Does it print round labels for the CD or just rectangle labels?
Hi! Can this be used in Singapore? Do I have to use an adapter for it to work?
Will it work with vista?
Is the Brother QL-720NW compatible with the Clover POS system? They mention only the 710.
I am considering purchasing this printer. Would it work for printing ingredient labels for homemade products?
can it be used to print prescription labels? if yes can you send me a link for the compatible labels that will work with it
Does this printer work with MacBook, running Mountain Lion, 10.8.1
printing on envelopes
What if I don't have a dedicated circuit for the printer?
Can this printer be hardwired to a computer and to a wireless router simultaneous?
does anyone know how many amps on a 110 V line this printer utilities or the wattage it pulls ? amp clamp can tell you. when in use measure this badboy please.
How does this do printing checks?
I want to purchase the Brother printer HL-5470DW. Do the "In-Box Consumables" Include the TN720 Standard Yield Toner Cartridge (3,000 pages) and the
We bought this for my office in August, 2013. There is a jam that we cannot fix. Any suggestions?
Does anyone use this printer wirelessly with WPA/WPA2 encryption methods?
I was not able to finish my question re HL5470DC vs. HL6180DW. I plan to purchase one or the other; however, you help is appreciated
I have a 20 lb senior pug. Would he fit in this carrier? Thanks!
do it works for biking with dog?
Can you wear this like a backpack?
what size would i need for a 13lb jack russell? she is 15" long from neck to tail
Haha I have a 30lb border collie puppy of 7 months. Do you think she would fit in the medium?
These are the best for bike riding for my poms the medium is perfect for a 7lb Pom.
I have a growing 8 lb french bulldog puppy. Will he fit properly???
whats the size when folded up?
what are the inside measurements of the cargo area?
Is the "Gray" color as dark as in most of the photos? I ask because one photo (the one of it folded up) is a very light gray, the others are dark.
Does this product come assembled?
Can I connect a portable hard drive (Toshiba Canvio) via USB and save images on it?
does this scanner also operate off batteries?
How does it do with negatives
Can you scan 3x5 photo's?
power cord?
Is there a cord to connect scanner to computer?
Is it dual voltage 110/240?
Does it work on Mac
Is this compatible with Mac?
Is this scanner compatible with Windows 8?
I have a 36" space to cover. If I order more than one board, will they fit together "almost" seamlessly?
doesn't it happen that the dust sticks to it and easily reduces the stickiness of it thus making it useless?
Is there supposed to be more than one sheet? One reviewer said she got six sheets.
Two attachments???? What would that be?
how many does it come with?
Is it a speaker phone?
How can I purchase an additional handset to expand to 4? I have the Motorola #L703BT.
Does this system work well using VOIP services?
Is the orange (alternatively blue) in the product really orange/blue? or is it just the picture?
Is the base wall-mountable?
Does it have multiple mailboxes?
I would like to use with land line - not cell phone. Is it good with landline?
Does the base and remotes mount FLUSH to the wall?
How many phone # can be stored in the handset?
Can these units be wall mounted???
Does this headset come with a RJ9 jack to plug into the phone or is it a different style?
What's the battery life on the headset? How long does it take to charge?
does it work with multiple phone line systems?
We have multiple people in our office who are at times all on different lines - are there any issues with loosing calls or static from other calls?
Does this phone work with a shortel 230?
What battery do I order and how do I replace it for a CS530 Wireless headset from Plantronics
Is it designed to be used just on the left side ? Is it possible to switch sides ?
Can this unit be set up for home use?
Can you take calls from wireless phone &amp; mobile phone? Thanks John Murphy
How is the sound quality? The one I have currently, I can barely hear the party I'm speaking with.
Does this headset come with a RJ9 jack to plug into the phone or is it a different style?
What's the battery life on the headset? How long does it take to charge?
does it work with multiple phone line systems?
We have multiple people in our office who are at times all on different lines - are there any issues with loosing calls or static from other calls?
Does this phone work with a shortel 230?
What battery do I order and how do I replace it for a CS530 Wireless headset from Plantronics
Is it designed to be used just on the left side ? Is it possible to switch sides ?
Can this unit be set up for home use?
Can you take calls from wireless phone &amp; mobile phone? Thanks John Murphy
How is the sound quality? The one I have currently, I can barely hear the party I'm speaking with.
Does this headset come with a RJ9 jack to plug into the phone or is it a different style?
What's the battery life on the headset? How long does it take to charge?
does it work with multiple phone line systems?
We have multiple people in our office who are at times all on different lines - are there any issues with loosing calls or static from other calls?
Does this phone work with a shortel 230?
What battery do I order and how do I replace it for a CS530 Wireless headset from Plantronics
Is it designed to be used just on the left side ? Is it possible to switch sides ?
Can this unit be set up for home use?
Can you take calls from wireless phone &amp; mobile phone? Thanks John Murphy
How is the sound quality? The one I have currently, I can barely hear the party I'm speaking with.
How many pages does this book have?
What is the dimension of the white framed area for photo/personalization?
What column titless are on the pages?
I'm looking for a guestbook that I can adhere photos to. Is the layout conducive to both photos and written messages?
I am going to have my guests take pictures in a photo booth and post the picture in my guest book. Do you think this book would work for my plan?
Will the book accomidate written comments by guest or it simply a guest registry (wedding, funeral, etc)?
How many lines per page?
I'm looking for a guest book for our 50th anniversary High School Reunion----not wedding. Will this work ? Our colors are red and black.
how many pages in the book?
Does this fold in half?
Is the top surface smooth or textured?
what is the actual weight of these tables?
6ft Table $50.21, 8ft $84.41=$134.62 Your offer both = $137.41. What gives?
also need a fitted or stretch tablecloth for this ?
can i put this next to a 8ft by 30 inch table to make a nice wide table
What are the measurements between the table legs (from one side to another)? I want to store something underneath and need to see if it will fit.
Is the height adjustable?
How much space is between the legs of the table? and from the legs to the edge of the table for Flash Furniture RB-1896-GG 18-Inch W by 96?
What is the maximum weight rating?
can the children easily fall off of the stool? (2nd grade, age 7)
Do the castors lock?
Can you ship this to Israel? If yes, what are shipping fees? Thx
does this chair extend tall enough to put behind a high counter in a business?
Can you transfer calls from answering to another extension?
Can this headset be used in either ear?
Can you have 3 of these units in the same area? Are there different frequencies so the hone do not overlap?
Will this headset work with an Avaya 5410 phone or do i need additional interface cables?
What is the length of the warranty on a refub model?
Will this work with the Panasonic KX-TS880D desk phone??
Is it compatible with Panasonic KX-TGA470 desk phone ?
Can this be used with a Toshiba IP Series phone Model IP5131-SDL?
Will this work with a Cisco 7961? Thank you in advance.
Can you transfer calls from answering to another extension?
Can this headset be used in either ear?
Can you have 3 of these units in the same area? Are there different frequencies so the hone do not overlap?
Will this headset work with an Avaya 5410 phone or do i need additional interface cables?
What is the length of the warranty on a refub model?
Will this work with the Panasonic KX-TS880D desk phone??
Is it compatible with Panasonic KX-TGA470 desk phone ?
Can this be used with a Toshiba IP Series phone Model IP5131-SDL?
Will this work with a Cisco 7961? Thank you in advance.
Can you transfer calls from answering to another extension?
Can this headset be used in either ear?
Can you have 3 of these units in the same area? Are there different frequencies so the hone do not overlap?
Will this headset work with an Avaya 5410 phone or do i need additional interface cables?
What is the length of the warranty on a refub model?
Will this work with the Panasonic KX-TS880D desk phone??
Is it compatible with Panasonic KX-TGA470 desk phone ?
Can this be used with a Toshiba IP Series phone Model IP5131-SDL?
Will this work with a Cisco 7961? Thank you in advance.
do you load the slides one at a time?
How many slides does it convert per load? Is it Fast? Good quality?
does it dust and scratch elimination?
Does this come with changeable plugs to use in the uk as well, or only with a USA plug?
What is the DPI of the photo scans?
brightness settings?
Is it necessary to purchase trays for slides &amp; negatives or are they included?
Can I use the SNAP-14 on 240V AC mains supply? Does it use mains electricity or is it powered by a USB. It is not clear from the answers already given.
Does it have a voltage selector 110v/230v?
What size photos? 4X6?, 8X10,
Where is this phone made?
Can you program the clip to make calls out to a preset number by pressing the call button?
Can the ringtone be and STAY muted?
Is this phone headset compatible? What exactly is the hands free clip?
I have been really wanting to order this item but will not buy in white. White is only offered in America...when will black be available here?
Does it have to be always that same paper or can I use other brands?
can I plug my cannon sx510 directly into this to print?
this printer is listed as protable yet it has a plug in charger does it take batteries if so what type?
does it print other sizes
Number of prints
is this device compatible with my samsung galaxy s4
Can you print from IPad and tablets?
Does this only print 4x6 photo's? I'm looking to print 4 different pics on a 4X6 - my old cannon used to do this and I loved that option.
Can i print directly from my sony x6000 camera if i connect it with usb?
does it work with an LG G3 phone
Thanks for answering so fast. What are they made of? Is there gel inside? And what is on outside? Could you post close up of one?
Will you ship to Toronto, Canada
what do these look like, are there little knobs? Need close up picture of one.
Are you able to close the laptop with these in place?
Dimensions, pics of actual product without packaging, INFO needed!
What comes in the box?? Is it labels, stomper, can't tell from the description.
Is it compatible with an Apple Mac?
Does this come with CD Software for Windows 7&gt;
Does this support Windows 7 64 bit?
Is it compatible with windows 8?
will the base phone work with my existing phones?
Can this unit be used with an answering machine?
is there a wrist option vs pendant, for bedtime
what happens if the program number is answer by answering machine, will it still dial the next program number?
How far can you get from base station?
is it compatible with a pace maker
How exactly does this thing work??? Is it like a phone or an intercom? Also, how is it at going through walls and floors? Could it reach from the third floor of a regular house to the basement?
Does it work in other countries? such as Brazil?
Will this work with a digital line?
Have you tried scanning business cards or photographs with the imageFORMULA DR-C130 scanner?
What is the difference between the Canon C-130 and the Canon C-125?
what is the mfg part number?
Does this scanner have a twain driver?
Can this scan multiple pages into one document or multiple pages into individual documents?
How do I make it scan?
I am looking for a scanner that can scan Credit Card Receipts, Cash Register, Business cards, etc.. Mainly small items. What is best for this type of
Can anyone give me an estimate on how much weight a single tab can hold, how how to tabs spaced 6 inches apart?
How are these tabs packaged? Do these tabs come affixed to a sheet of paper or does each tab have a piece of paper which needs to be peeled off?
will anybody please let me know the weight of 1 box x 1000 units? thanks ! Sylvia
Does this print only in black and white?
Does it have airprint? Can't I print directly off of my ipad or do I have to go through an app to print from it? Thanks!
What laser toner I use withHewlett Packard 1102w
does it do double side printing
does it come with toner
Can you print from coupons.com app on iphone or ipad to it?
is the usb for wire connection? I'm concerned that wireless may not work for me.
Approximately how long will a black toner cartridge last compared with the ink cartridges for, say, an Epson 800 or other ink jet printer used at more or less same capacity/per month--say 300 black and white pages/month?
does it scan and copy
Does this printer sold with its original toner?
what number ink does it use
scanner
how do you get the scanner on the deskjet 3520 to operate
Do you think this printer is a good value? Is it worth all the money or should I invest in another one?
fax
air print from apple
Can you enlarge or reduce original when printing?
does this print from a memory card
What number HP PACK do you buy for this printer and does the printer come with starter ink packs?
What type of ink cartridges does this printer take?
Does the OPEN turn off by the hours set or do you have to turn it off manually?
Does it have a remote for the open sign?
Can sat and sun say on call?
Are you able to put BY APPT in time slot?
Can you set Open/Close times for half hours? Example open 9:30 to 5:30
How does this sign hang in a window? What hardware is included for hanging?
battery operated or plug in?
Do the hours remain lit when the open is turned off?
My Brother printer says to use TN-750, but I don't see my model, which is a HL-5440D. Is this just a newer model.
Does it work with MFC 8710DW
Is this a genuine Brother TN-750 toner cartridge? Or is it a compatible toner cartridge?
Are there and reviews pertaining to toner cartridge high yield , for the TN-750 used in the HL-5470DW Brother Printer?
What is the date on the cartridge. I know it is a two year warrenty but when does it start?
Will this work in the MFC 8810DW printer?
Is there an expiration date for drums or toner? In other words, can I safely buy a drum or toner when either is on sale? Thank you for you help.
Does this cartridge TN-750 used in the Brother HL-5470DW printer have bad reputation of leakage?
It says here that it won't work with the MFC8710DW. Is this a mistake? My printer has this toner cartridge listed as working with it on the box.
I just bought the Brother MCF8950DW laser printer and the TN750 high yield toner cartridge. The description says the TN750 is compatible?
Does this product reads UPC#/Code#/EAN# barcodes?
does it work on windows and mac book pro
Does this unit scan ISBN?
Can you disable the check sum digit where it only reads the 10 digit bar code, maual not very good
What's the P/N of this barcode scanner?
Does this product scan ITF 14 barcodes?
Is this come with the box ?
Will it scan UPS, FedEx and US Postal service barcodes (linear)?
Is this automatic scanning barcode or have I to trigger it to scan? Is it Bi-directional one? Thanks
Do you have to have a special software, in order to use this product? Does it work for MacBook Pro's?
Once I laminate my project, can I trim the edges for a better finished product? how far from the edge of my project can I trim?
I got this in April and now the back side is wrinkling and not laminating flat. Is there anything I can do? It has worked wonderfully up until now.
Can you laminate a long, skinny item - like a border for a bulletin board - with this?
What is the difference between the 902E and the 902VP?
Can you laminate an 8 1/2 x 11 sheet of paper and then cut it into halves or quarters with decent results?
Can you use other brands of lamination with this machine? Specifically ones that use a carrier?
What is the difference between the 901 and 902 models?
what is the difference from the tl901?
Does this come with any warranty?
Can I use different companies of laminating papers or buy only "Scotch"?
110 v or 220 v
I need to make teslin id cards does anyone know if this laminator will work with that? Thank you!
I saw someone use this without a carrier, is that ok. If not can you just use a folded piece of paper?
Does anyone know what temperature this can get to?
CLOSED at 220 volts?
does this come with a carrier? I have lots of pouch's but my last royal sovereign ate my carrier.
what is the difference between TL 901,902,902E and 902SC?Are any of them have cold lamination or just a hot?
Can you use other brand laminating pouches or do you have to use scotch pouches?
With the already included pouches, is one able to laminate such smaller items as a driver's license, social security and medicare cards?
Do I need to purchase any additional items for this product?
does it work with 220 v ?
Can you trim the plastic after laminating and it not come apart.?
Is this product 110v or 230v rated?
I need to laminate IDs. Will I be able to use smaller pouches? I don't want want to use 8.5 then cut as it would be wasteful. Thanks.
What is the MIL thickness of the 20 included pouches?
How is this with foiling? What degree temp does this go to?
Can it laminate up to 7ml pouches?
paperha jammed, and there is no release jam indicator????
Can you use a "carrier" with this machine?
Are there any pouches included with the laminator?
Will this laminator accept card stock?
Does Royal Sovereign 12-Inch Laminator (CS-1223) use ink or a tape
is this dual voltage, 110v - 240v?
This can fit an 11x17 paper right?
hello there, is this machine compatable with 220 volt supply?
will it laminate 11x17 photo paper?
what are the dimensions of this box?
Do you have directions for putting these boxes together? Mine have slits that are not on the corners so you can't fold the boxes square.
do they have handles cut out?
delivery time?
How long until these arrive to 98208
Does it work with keynote and ipad air
Any problems with standby battery life? A reviewer claims the battery depletes when the device is stored and is dead for presentation unless charged
Can I map the buttons? I use a Mac and my slides are typically full screened PDFs, so advancing a slide is done by clicking the right arrow key.
Will this work witha new MacBook Air? The apple one that I got doesn't work because the Air doesn't have IR ports or something.
Can this be paired with a Lenova Laptop?
Does it work with Kindle Fire?
Can i use this with my Ipad mini? I want a bluetooth enabled presenter to conduct my power point presentations...
Does it work with keynote and ipad air
How deep is the work surface itself, i.e. front to back facing the workspace where you put the PC on?
What material is used for the top of the desk? Is it particle board, veneer, and how does it hold up to daily use?
Can the desk be reversed? As in, is it designed with predrilled holes so that the longer side can be on the right, and the shorter side on the left?
what are the dimensions of the desk once put together?
how long is the left hand side of desk and how long is right hand side of desk. How long is compatiable hutch?
What are the measurements of the desk once it is completed. I have an L shaped corner offset that measures 60"X72" with the 60" on the left side?
how long is the right arm?
Which side of the the desk is the 57.9 inch measurement? The Saur website has the short measurement on the right?
Can the hutch be placed on either side?
Can you include a picture showing measurements of length, width &amp; height?
How big is the top area where the all-in-one computer or monitor would go? Also, is all the organizer type stuff in the top section required?
Are the bottom two shelves adjustable or do they have to be installed at a fixed height?
What is the true color of this piece? It calls it Estate Black, but in some pictures it looks like a dark brown. Is it more black or brown?
what are the total outside dimensions?
Is it solid wood?
What is the dimensions for a printer?
Can you paint over this without it bleeding through?
do I need scissors?
Does this tape fit in a dispenser? Is the core larger than 3"?
how wide is this tape in inches?
I am thinking of using this tape to mark my freezer containers, mostly tupperwares and glass. Does the tape come off easily?
can one of the four extensions be programmed to forward the call to a cell phone?
Our current office is not wired for ethernet, is ethernet wiring needed?
Do the phones have a AC adapter or is a POE switch the only way to power the phones?
Can each extension pick up calls to the main phone line?
Can I have a situation where, line 1 only rings one ext 201 and line 2 only rings on Ext 202?
is there an option to hook up background music?
How many phones come with this package?
We have a DSL phone provider. Do I need a DSL filter to use this phone?
if you hook it up to the internet do you have to pay for phone service ?
Do you have to use the built-in voicemail system or can the phone service provider voicemail be used?
Can you use this to page in your building over an intercom or speaker? Can you transfer calls? Thank you
How do I set up my lines with AT&amp;T? I currently have a main number and one rollover/fax line. Should I disable the rollover?
I am getting analog phone lines from AT&amp;T &amp; cable internet (much faster). Can they share the same LAN or must install a separate LAN for each?
Is there a way to program that my extension have a different ringtone for outside calls coming in and when I am being called from an inside extension?
what happens when my Internet is down? are the phones still operational since it is analog gateway?
Do the lines 1-4 on the gateway ring the correct line light on the phone? If I select line 4 on the phone does it dial out line 4 on the gateway?
Does the system have music on hold or can it be added?
Can this system run cordless phones or does every phone have to be corded?
How easy is it to hook up?
Is there a way to lock the lid open for a period of time?
would this be more effective than an ordinary step can in preventing a medium sized dog from getting his head in there and taking stuff?
I have a toddler and I am concerned about his little fingers getting pinched or hurt. Would this be safe to have around a toddler?
Does the liner can lift out completely so you can carry the whole thing outside if you want?
Is the lid made of plastic or metal?
What are the demenisions of this trash can?
Can I use generic trash bags or do I have to buy simple human bags?
I'm trying to find a trash can that will fit under a shelf due to limited space. can anyone say how tall this is with the lid open?
Does it have feet on the bottom I can attach soft pads to. I have one simple human that has nothing but plastic edges that damaged my wood floors
Parents who used this for their cloth diapering pail, would you recommend this purchase? I'm thinking of getting this and Etsy custom washable liners.
I did not receive an instruction manual with this scanner... Can you post the initial setup programming barcodes that I need to get it going?
Need to add the inventory and scan the items when I sell them , which one will show me how many items are left .For small business.
I would like to get one to speed up the process of listing and selling many used books that I have. Do I need some software to import the scanned info to a web store or auction site?
Where I can purchase a second cable for this scanner without purchasing a whole new device? Anyone know the cable type?
What is the Product Number of this barcode scanner? Is it LS 4209 SR 2012?
does anybody knows how to choose the barcode type that the reader will read, or it will read automatic? I wanna read interval 2 of 5.
what did you use this for? I am looking to use it in my classroom for students to check out classroom books!
I am having trouble installing so if anyone has any suggest I'd greatly appreciated it
Can we purchase a replacement USB cable for this unit?
Does the recliner leg rest come up to horizontal?
Does this ship in one box? What is the dimension of the box it comes in? I want to make sure it can fit in my elevator
Is this product flame-retardant free?
Can the back(s) of the seat be removed to allow easy moving?
Is assembly required for this item? Not sure it will fit through my doorway already assembled.
Does this love seat glide or rock? The frame on the bottom looks different than most love seats.
hi, 2 questions: 1.) does the back recline as well? 2.) is "bonded leather" just vinyl or is it real leather of some sort (will it make me sweat?)
How does this fit someone 5'3? does is push head forward? Thanks
Can this couch go through a regular door?
Can this sit against the wall? In other words, does the front come up or does it have to be set out from the wall?
Does anyone experienced dropped calls with Ooma?
How high a speed for high speed internet do you need to use OOMA?
I currently utilize AT&amp;T as my local carrier. I have my home security connected to my landline. Will Ooma accommodate this?
The product description says you get 90 days of premier but they only gave me 60. IS everybody else the same?
What exactly is "Ooma Premier Service; and what is the cost of this service once the 90 days is expired?
Why is this older model more expensive then the newer model by and through Ooma. Is it better?
Do I need to physically connect any part of this device to the wireless router or does it pick up the wireless signal w/o being plugged into anything?
What does "90 days ooma premier" mean?
I only have wireless and it seems as if reviews are saying this device does not work well with a wireless internet connection. Is that the consensus?
How many computers will ooma handle?
does this printer require both a toner cartridge and drum unit? Are inexpensive replacements available? do drum u need to be replaced as much toner c
We purchased our Brother MFC 8710 11/12.replaced the drum 0n 4-5-14 and now it wants a new one.
im trying to find a drum for MFC8710DW Wireless but this is the only one i found and its say its not goin to work.is that correct?
Does a Brother Laser printer MCF8710DW requires BOTH a high yield toner cartridge &amp; a DR720 Drum unit? Or does the Drum unit replace the toner cartg?
Is the genuine OEM Brother dr720 or a compatible one?
I have a HL5470DWT and after a year it displayed that it was time to replace drum. I bought DR720, now pages print light on both sides, what is wrong?
Does this work with a Brother MFC-8810DW? On the Brother website it says it does, but on here that is not an option.
Is this an OEM Brother drum?
why does your compatibility drop down menu say this wont work with a mfc8710dw when brothers own website says it will?
will this work with HL6180DW?
Hello, do you have a chip resetter that will allow my Epson NX400 and epson Workforce 645 printer to use OEM cartridges (recognize).
I have a Epson Stylus CX7400 using 88/69 cartridges. Does anyone know if this resetter will work with this setup?
I have an Epson CX9400Fax Printer unit. Which chip resetter will work for the ink cartirdges it uses?
Do you have a resetter for the 3880?
Does this work on the Epson xp-410
do you sell the chips for the cartidge
Will this work on the 9900 pro?
Can it be used on the WF-3620
good morning your stay does it work for the tank of espon C12C890191 (white bench with filter) thank you for your reply
Do you have chip resetter for Epson WF-2630
Is it easy to adjust the height of a monitor if you need to?
What is the total height that a laptop could be hung, from the desktop to mount?
Can they spin?
Can they tilt?
How tall is the pole from the desk to the top?
does this work for Kodak esp 3.2 printer?
Who has used them on the 2170?
Did not work at all. Had to switch oth color and black and maybe got five copies the rest were too light to see them and then could not get any copie.
this work for kodak ESP C310?
does this work with kodak hero 7.1
Kodak ESP 2150
will they fit a kodak here 4.2
I feel misled by pricing, too good to be true. Are these PREFILLED or do I have to fill them up with my own ink??? nowhere is this explained!!!!!
Hello. I purchased these ink cartirdges and they work great on my Epson WorkForce 520! Do you have the yellow/blue/red too? Please post a link!
$3.19 for 4 black ink cartridges for workforce 520?????? do I understand this correctly????? 4&amp;1/2 stars??
Your ad is misleading. Be precise " how many cartridges, for how much dollars". Wasting time in trying to ascertain these questions?????
Does this work with Stylus NX 430?
Is this compatible with Epson WF-7520?
Will these work with the workforce 635?
Does it have the chip that makes it work with a workforce 630?
Will these work for epson workforce 325 series?
How well does it scan multiple page documents?
We have apple "macs"... is this mb471 compatible?
does this printer come with drum and cartridge. can ipad print wirelessly or over network to this printer
Can I connect this printer to a computer AND to the network so that Google Cloud Print will work?
Will this cartridge work with Artisan 730?
will this cartridge work with artisan 710?
Will this cartridge work with Artisan 720?
do these work with artisan 837?
Do the cartridges give the printer a warning automatically tell you when they have ran out of ink?
Will this work for the artisan 730? Its not listed in the description
do these light how a build in power supply. how do you connect them in series ? one wire loop ?
What is the beam spread on this light? I have seem them where they are 15degree or 60degree. I am looking for a 60degree beam spread. Thank You.
Are these adjusable gimbal lights?
What brand of LEDs are used in this Down Light?
how bright are they ?
are these lights 12 volt ?
can this item be installed outside?
What kind of refills does the pen use and where can I get them? Thank you.
alo, it comes with the box? it a original swaroski or just made with swaroski elements
Does the pen come with the box, bag and certification, like from the Swarovski official website?
Is "Swarovski" on the clip?
I want to make sure that this is not a fake , is this really from Swarovski?
All the questions and answers seem to deal with its use as a journal. Has anyone actually used it as a sketchbook? Good for that purpose?
Does it lay flat when open?
Where can I find refills for this journal. The paper that is in it is great, I want to get more of it
where can you by refills?
Are there alternative refills available - including lined - if so where?
Can you use this for writing, drawing, pastels, and chalk? My son is going on a 3 day fasting journey and is very limited as to what he can take.
Is the leather genuine or synthetic? Can an A5 sketchbook fit in the cover?
How many sheets of paper can this hold? It comes with 100 sheets, but will it hold more?
Can this be engraved with initials or a name?
I'm buying a journal for someone who writes poetry. Do you think it's better to get lined paper?
I don't know if I have a contact less credit card so will these work anyway?
These are for RFID cards. Mag stripe only is not vulnerable, right?
How do I know if these sleeves will protect my credit card information. I don't know much about the different types of cards.
As stated it only protect cards that are 13+ghz, how can we tell whether our cards fit the protection criteria?
What is the difference between 564xl and 564 ? Does it refer to size of the cartridge or amount of ink?
what is the expiry date on the cartridges?
Are these cartridges expired. Expired ones will not work in my printer.
will this work with HP Deskjet 3522
Will this fit the 6520 photosmart?
Will this work ewith and HP C309G?
Is there something unique about photo ink?
564 claims to print ~300 pages. Does anyone know how many pages the 564XL is supposed to print?
Do these cartridges come in a retail box?
What is the difference between 564xl and 564 ? Does it refer to size of the cartridge or amount of ink?
I am looking for something to take to a Farmers Market or a grocery store close-by. Is it OK to wheel on the city streets?
How heavy is this shopping cart?
Hi, I will like to know the dimensions of the bag
What is the bag made of? What color is the flap which covers the bag? Does the bag have an outside zippered pocket?
Is this a fabric or plastic bag? Could I repair any tears in it?
Is it waterproof?
does it collapse?
Is it Universal?
Does this come with a power cord?
Is this unlocked? Also my merchant services requires a serial number of the machine. Can I get this before its shipped to ensure compatability?
Is this device compatible with the TP-LINK TL-WN725N Wireless N Nano USB Adapter?
What is the charge for expedited shipping? I am located in Buckeye Lake, Ohio 43008. Thanks
Is this machine able to take the new EMV cards and is compliant with the new processing requirements?
We need to be able to get a prompt to enter our invoice numbers. Anyone know if that is possible with this unit?
Can I use a Fd 10 with the Fd 100Ti?
Does any one know how to program this machine to my existing merchant account? I mean since u get it out of the box,.
is this unlocked?
I need the size - length, width, height, weight?
Can the files be hung side to side? I see below some say yes, some say no.
Can two be stacked?
What are the dimensions?
Do both drawers lock?
Do I have to put this together myself
should you use a power screwdriver to put the back piece on? Having trouble putting screws in with no holes to screw them into.
drawers size
Is it made of real wood? Or pressboard?
are the drawers full extention
Is there space to sit at the horizontal side of the table beside the drawers-shelves?
Please provide specific dimensions of the desktop? -How deep is the work surface? -From cabinet to angle? -From angle to edge? -Cabinet width?
Hello. I saw this desk and thought it was perfect especially for the price.My question is, how sturdy is it?
Is it possible to turn the cabinet so the drawers face forward.
Can anyone send me the assembly instructions? I just got the desk but there is not any assembly intruction there. Thanks.
Is there any way to attach a keyboard tray?
What is the shipping weight (when packaged)?
What tools (e.g. Phillips driver, hammer) do you need to assemble this desk set?
other colors
Is it possible to have the desk bend to the right so that the drawers would be on the right?
Is photo print quality on regular paper acceptable for hanging on wall with a scotch tape? Tried Brother color one, it was terrible for photo printing.
Will it handle 110 or 110 lb card stock?
Is this printer compatible with Window 8 and windows 8.1?
How do you make a copy?
does it do enlargements
just received new cartri and printer read NOT COMPATIBLE all toner cart. HELP
Does the ink on regular office paper look glossy or flat?
By default this printer is not wireless as far as I know. So can a wireless card/module be added to it's motherboard (like adding memory) to convert?
I have this printer &amp; just wondered if one could add a wireless module/card to it to add wireless feature? I see a DW model is sold in Europe w/wireless capabilities as well as ethernet wired LAN connection... so it has all three possible connections:...
Is the color quality noticeably better than other laser printers? Its specs are listed as 9600 x 600dpi yet in parenthesis is 600dpi x 600dpi x 4bit.
How thick is this card holder?
how many cards does it hold
Hello this is a question for the seller. can shapes or desighns be engraved on it?
Does it show fingerprints? Does it have sharp edges?
Hello, How much extra would it cost to have a website address(16 characters) engraved to the front or back of the business card holder?
Can I rotate the monitor between portrait and landscape?
Will this support the LG 34" 34UM95?
How high does it raise the monitor from the desk?
does this have the bolt through mount as well?
Is this planner from a smoke-free facility? Thank you in advance.
Ho late in the day does the book go
Does this book also include monthly calendar on a 2-page spread?
i want a calendar for Jan 2014 to jan 2015 is that available now
Just to clarify, is this January 2013 - January 2014?
Are the corners perforated, to tear off after each week?
Are these photo pockets hard plastic or soft plastic.
Do I get 10 magnetic frames or just one?
Is the back fully magnetic or are there magnetic strips on the back?
Did you have a hard time getting photo into the pocket? I'm used to the hard plastic frames but cannot find.
I'm confused by the previous questions: do these have one open slit, or are there two sides that are open?
would it be hard to slide in 2 wallet size pictures into this frame?
Will these work on stainless steel refrigerators?
Are these pockets slightly larger than 4x6, so if I place a 4x6 picture into this frame/pocket, will there be a white border as shown in the picture?
If it opens at both ends how do vertical pictures stay in place? I change my photos frequently.
Can anyone compare these to the other brand FREEZ A FRAME? magnetic photo pockets also size 4x6.
How often should shredder be oiled, if ever?
How many minutes can I shred, and then what is the cool down period?
What are the measurements of the bin? Can I line it with a plastic grocery bag so I don't have to dump it?
What security (1-7+) level does this device have (the smaller the cut paper size, the higher the security level)?
How large is the opening to shred with? Can I put in a standard 8 x 11.5 sheet of paper into the shredder and will it shred it or do I have to fold?
What kind of cut is used (i.e. Strip-cut, Cross-Cut (Confetti), Particle Cut, etc)?
Does it help againt the heat that comes up from the palm rest?
Can these pads be used as mouse pads?
Will these work on any laptop?
Can you keep it on the Macbook pro and not take it off (just close the laptop?)
Are these the Slim Pads?
Does this phone work with Google Voice?
I have 3 VoIP accounts every account with different providers. Can I configure this phone to work with 3 VoIP accounts/lines ?
Does this phone have a headset jack?
Is it possible to use the landline and voip at the "same time"? For example.. I make a call using the landline., then hang up and call using VOIP?
How many land lines can you have on this? I need 2
Does this paper have print on the reverse side?
Which side gets printed on; the matte side or the shinier? I tried both, &amp; both came out slimy / runny. For the record, I am printing on a PRO-100, in the properties, selected PHOTO PRINTING, and media type selected was PHOTO PAPER PRO LUSTER.
Can this paper be used for decopage with a water based sealant like Perfect Paper Adhesive (PPA) without the colors running?
I print using a Canon 9500 MkII and Lightroom. Does Canon have a profile for this paper? Did not see it last time I downloaded printer driver.
compatible with inkjet printers?
Can you use this with a Epson R2880 Multiple inject color printer?
Where is the serial number?
Canon online appears to sell this item for $99. Is this gray market here??
Will this paper work with my Epson 4880 printer? It is half price of the Epson brand.
will this work ok on an Epson Artisan 1430?
What is the seat height?
Will the arms fit under desk -- what is height from floor to top of arm?
Is the material leather
leather or bonded leather?
does it need self assembling?
can these casters be used on hardwood floors, as is?
Can the casters be replaced with type to roll on hard surfaces?
do the wheels have locks?
What color is the ink
Are purple refills available? I could not find them on the Cross website.
Is this black ink?
Type of refill ink
does it have a voice caller id
can u just use this as a land line phone in 3 rooms without all the other stuff adding on, like cell and blue tooth. Just need easy access in each room for a land line due to strokes and time to get to the phone.
Will this phone record messages from cell phone calls once the correct number of rings is setup?
How do these phones work if you have Internet and a modem? Thank you!
Is this compatible with iphone 5s
does it have a voice caller id
Can I use my bluetooth headset if a call comes in on the Lan line?
Can I use this with my cell only since I do not have a land line?
Does this phone has an actual Intercom system like walkie-talkie or just a page button and the other handset has to pick up?
Does anyone have experience w/buying non-OEM cartridges? I hate to buy expensive cartridges, but I'm nervous about buying something that isnt as good.
Does it print double sided ?
how do you change the toner?
Does the paper cartridge accommodate 8.5 X 14 (legal) size paper?
hello, can anybody tell me the size of the scanner?? i need to use it for legal papers.... thanks
Can it fit nicely on a 7 foot desk?
paper feed for printing?
Can you refill these toner cartridges?
I print a lot of card stock. How does it work with the card stock?
Does this printer have an RJ45 connection to the network in addition to WiFi??
Is this printer compatible with Windows 9 or higher?
Does this printer print on both sides of the paper automatically (i.e. you don't have to manually flip the pages)?
Can you use non-HP cartridges with this printer? Any brands that work well/don't have issues?
DOES it work well with after market print cartridges
Will this printer make my butt look big?
does this scan photos &amp; documents?
Does this printer do borderless printing?
I know this printer doesn't have duplex, but will it read the driver "Fine Print? and let me print on both sides that way?
how does it print on cardstock?
Is there a drum that needs to be replaced, if so, how often
what is the size of this bag?
I live in an urban area where the curbs are really high and the sidewalks bumpy/uneven. Does anyone know if the wheels will be sufficient?
Hi, I come across a serious problem about the wheels, which keep falling apart from the stick when moving. How can I solve this problem? Thanks!
How big is the back zipper pocket?
Does anyone know what it weighs empty?
How much does it weigh?
is this cart is ready to use not have to set it up , right ? please help me idea. i need one for use everyday buy foods .
Is the handle retractable?
Are there replacement wheels available?
Is the bag fabric water repellent?
Is there a problem with the shelves tipping when removing items from the top shelves? Should the unit be anchored to a wall?
Does this come with shelf liners?
are locations of shelves adjustable or fixed in locations as shown in images?
Are the back stands removable or attached to the shelves?
Do these shelves rust?
Are the shelves adjustable or fixed?
Can these shelves be installed upside down so that there is a "lip" to keep things from falling off? Can the entire rack be turned upside down ?
Can one move aroun the tiers to vary the ditances and also use it with less tiers, e.g. 2-3?
Does it come with hooks?
Is it possible to reduce the height of the overall system? I am trying to fit this into a space which would only fit an item 60 inches tall.
Is the cart 36" wide including the handle, or without?
What is the diameter of the 4 vertical support poles?
What is the diameter of the 4 vertical support poles?
Is this 36" tall with wheels installed?
Can this shelf be used without the wheels? How much height is lost when not using the wheels (if possible)?
Would a KitchenAid stand mixer fit on any of the shelves?
What is the measurement between the shelves?
Can the top be lowered and how does this affect the handle?
I need 16.5" of height on bottom shelf. What would be the height between middle of shelving to the top?
do you need tools to essemble the cart?
How is the seat of the chair? Most office chairs begin to hurt your bottom after a while, and I am forced to buy pads for long sitting sessions..
Hi. I can't find this model DXPUB01 anywhere. Is this equivalent with the model OH/D01/N? If not, what is the difference between these two models?
What is the distance from the seat to the ground at the chairs highest point? Hoping it's more than 17.5 inches.
What does it feel like to sit in it. It looks like there is no padding am I wrong? I am 5'4 and 140
Anyone get sweaty back syndrome from this? I have a mesh-back chair currently that breathes well. Is this leather or Nylon?
Is it possible to completely remove the arm rest?
what is the weight capacity and have you ever used it for online gaming?
Will this scan standard 8 1/2 X 11" document?
If I use the Eye-Fi SD card, would I be able to to send scans directly from the Doxie One directly to the cloud without a computer?
is it good for photos?
Does this thing scan duplex?
Do you have to use Evernote? Do you have to use a sd card? I have a mac mini
Is this a good scanner for receipts?
Does this have a motorized feed or do you have to push/pull the paper entirely through by hand?
Can Doxie one scan US Legal 8.5x14 size paper and does software recognize the scan as legal?
Would the Doxie One be good for scanning lots of photos? Does it automatically crop the scans? Is there a big difference in speed at 150 DPI? Thanks!
I noticed Doxie One scans 300dpi, while the other two models can scan at 600dpi. Is there much of a difference for handwritten and/or typed docs?
How long did the starter cartridges shipped with the printer last? Time or # of pages estimates will be helpful!
These are compatible with the LJ300 MFP? Just want to be sure before I spend $410!
the toners are in original box?
What is the range of height adjustment on this stand? How many inches up and down?
Doesn't it fit Dell IN1910N? I can't find it on the list.
Is this compatible with the Dell U2414H?
Does this stand allow the monitor to rotate into "portrait"/sideways/vertically?
I have a Dell 1907FP monitor and I damage the LCD screen. Let me know if you sell this spare?
You think that can fit to a monitor 2009wt?
Is this compatible with the E178FPb?
Will it fit the Dell E193FP monitor? This monitor attached to the stand with four screws, not the push button
When you rotate the monitor to the portrait position, does the stand have a click stop or locking position?
Does it fit the Dell S2009W ?
Do you sell the ink refill bottles only. I purchased the whole kit about 2 years ago. All I need is the ink
Amazon says "676XL with 400ml Pigment ink". However, in the Product Details section, the Item model says "rc-epson-676XL-dye". Which is correct?
I'm getting an error message when I try to install a cartridge. Are there any instructions? Goes in, clicks, then gives an error message. WP-4530
I just purchased the WP-4530 Epson printer. The software installed and stated that it is the NEWEST version. Can you guarantee your chips to work, if I leave this version and do not update Epson printer driver versions? Also, if Epson changes drivers,...
The cartridges and ink worked great, now I just need to buy more ink, what is the sku for that?
Will it fit in the back pocket of jeans?
how many credit cards does it hold?
Is this actually waterproof?
Are there any hidden charges, such as import fees, that have to be paid if these come from Hong Kong? If I purchase some is $2.11 each my final cost?
Is it easy/possible to remove the plastic slots or are they attached to the frame of the case?
May I specifically order a silver colored
What are the demensions of the wallet?
How long is this refill from tip to end?
If you have tried this refill with a livescribe pen, does it fit/mod? (livescribe refills are about 2.25 inches long x ~2.5mm wide)
Will this refill fit the mini pen that I purchased at Franklin Planner store over ten years ago? Can't buy them at Franklin any more. T-Y!
I need to know that I will receive the black refill holder with the 8 refills. Will I get exactly the items as shown
Will this refill fit my Swarovski crystal top pen
are any compatible with cross pens? if not this one, which?
Does this refil fit the Monteverde Tool Pen
Can the scans be increased proportionally on the 712
how to switch between front and rear paper trays
can i print from my android phone and kindle tablet?
Does this printer have a CAT-5 network connection?
does it have an usb slot so you can scan directly to a memory stick?
Printer not printing
does it have duplex scanning capability
It seems I have to frequently fill the ink cartridges even when I only print a few pages. I don't use the printer for photos. Is this typical?
Can scanned documents be edited? I have an Epson now and that's the only thing I don't like about it.
Has anyone tried printing onto fabric with this?
What sheets fit them?
How tall is the set of 6 stacked? Would the stack be able to fit under a bed?
Can just the end caps be purchased to replace cracked ones?
How does the mesh fabric affix to the frame? Velcro? Laced? Sewn?
Can you stack them with sheets on?
what are the shipping dimensions (width, length and height) in inches?. thanks
What are the dimensions of the packaging?
what cot casters can i use with these cots?
I have 9 Great grandchildren. I want to know if they also will fit the school age children?
Could this be used with a box (play sound when opened)? How does the mechanism work?
Can I speak into the module to record my voice?
What is the sampling rate for 120 seconds of recording?
How long does the recording last? I don't want to buy a product that will produce sound for the next month and then stop. I want it to last, will it?
Will the recorded greeting automatically start when the card is opened, and stop when the card is closed?
Is the recording activated by a slide mechanism or push button?
Is this re-recordable? A different message may be recorded later?
Just to clarify, this device is sold alone and is not attached to a card, right?
What is the length and width of the spinner?
Can I easily remove the spinner from the card, so that I may use it on something else?
Are these see through?
Does this map show Sudan and South Sudan?
What does it really weigh? Amazon says the shipping weight is 11.2 ounces, but the Replogle site says this globe weighs 2.2 pounds. With a metal base, 11.2 ounces doesn't seem right.
does it accurately display continent sizes? or are china/america distorted to look huge?
is this globe considered a political boundry type globe?
Is the United States divided into states?
Does it have "4000" place names like the other "assorted color" globe from the same company? checking if one might be better. thx
How raised is the raised relief, e.g. mountains, ocean trenches, etc.?
I assume that since it says "Raised Relief", that it depicts mountain ranges both on land and in the ocean. Am I correct?
I got the globe, it seems the surface is not so smooth. There are some bulbs on the surface. Can it be replaced?
What year was this made, how up to date are the countries?
How accurate is this scale for low weighs like ounces?
Is an AC adapter included?
What if the scale needs recalibration? Are their instructions for that? Do you have to have a heavy weight to use?
how do i order a power cord for this product?
I need 8 of the The "Gianni" Modern Ribbed High Back Chair w/ Tilt and Chrome Base (Tan w/ Black Rim Wheels) chairs. Will you have them? When?
How many lbs does this chair support?
The back of the chair appears black. Does the back of the chair match the color of the front?
What is the minimum and maximum height of the arms from the floor. Or, how high are the arms from the seat?
Hi, What is the size and weight of packaging?
Does this printer come with the drum unit and toner cartridges? If so, what are the "additional purchases required" that are mentioned above?
Will it connect to my pc via wireless?
Is an Amazon sold DCP8155DN have a one year warranty as shown here, or a 3 year warranty as specified by Brother's website?
Does this machine do sorting? I'd like to be able to make 2 copies of a number of documents and not have to collate them by hand.
Does this copier offset sort
I need to be able to print mixed letter/legal pdf documents. Does this printer allow for this type of printing?
i have one question , does anyoone know if this scanner scans color documents ?
Does this model accept 220 - 240 volts?
When the top is opened how tall is it? I need to know if it will fit the space I have for it.
Will I be able to scan to a server? The last Brother (MFC8710DW) that I bought was unable to do this.
Will the LT5400 Paper Tray handle #10 envelopes?
Can I use this tray in addition to the tray that comes with the MFC8710DW?? So I would have 2 paper trays plus the by-pass tray??
Does adding this tray make the printer taller or does it fit inside the printer?
Can you add two of these to the printer for 3 different paper types?
Product Dimensions: 19.8 x 9.9 x 18.8 inches cannot be correct, right? That's bigger than the printer(s) it attaches to.
Help! I ordered this for my MFC 8810 DW and it installed great and all is working, HOWEVER, MAJOR LOUD BANGS every time it pulls a paper out!!
I am wondering I purchased the mfc8710 and I want to purchase the additional tray. is the lt-5400 black.
Can I use this for my MFC8910DW?
Augghhh! I didn't get the quick start manual with the tray, it's sitting there all pretty under the printer, but no go. Any suggestions? OK folks, thanks for all the answers. It helped me to make the printer see the second tray. As to using it...
Is this tray adaptable with the Brother 8810DW Model Printer?
Mac compatible?
Pardon me, does anyone know if the printer can handle cardstock, around 110lb or a little heavier (through the bypass sheet feed)? Thank you!
How big is the unit?
Is it me or is this thing loud? Just set it up and there is a fan sound that is killing me.
smallest size paper ?
mac
Does the new machine come toner ready, or do I need to purchase toner?
how do i print to a hl2270dw, from an Ipad
Can I turn off the combined "error" and "toner" light so that I can use this printer with third party toners? Please, stick to answering my question.
what cartridges does it use?
How well does this printer handle manually fed card stock?
What toner cartridge is used for Brother MFC8510DN
Can this Printer scan to a pdf file and email that file without being hooked up to a computer?
Want to have faxes sent directly to my computer and then I can print only what I want. Can I do this? I want
Does it support Windows 8.1?
Does it stay in sleep mode and queue files to print when hard wire through the Ethernet connection?
IS THIS PRINTER TWAIN COMPLIANT
Will this print transparencies?
Does it scan a stack of pages automatically?
Can this model scan a document and have it appear on my PC over the home network (wired in this case) without using a USB cable?
can i print out a confirmation page after faxing?
Does it print in color?
does it print in color?
How many pages per minute does this thing fax?
will this printer work with windows vista
Does this printer work with MAC OS 8.5x
Does this printer work with MAC OS 8.5x
Will this hook up to HP 8000 Elite compac computer and work? This computer seems to be picky about what printers it will and will not accept to use.
does brother mfc7240 ship with drum and toner?
what size paper?
How many watts does this one need? I'm in Europe and if I buy it I have to make sure that I have a Voltage Converter that is big enough.
Is this printer compatible with Windows 8.1?
does this have ethernet? this is a feature that I would prefer to have. Please let me know, I like the printer. Mark
Will this printer work with Mac OS 10.9 (Mavericks)?
What comes with the printer in the box, what cartridge come with it?
can this printer staple?
with the google clod print feature can I print from a diffrent wi fi network miles aways from my machine and then retrive it when I get home?
Will this printer work with Windows Vista?
Does it work with a compatible toner?
Does this printer scan?
We are considering purchasing this for a medical practice. 1) It will scan to multiple macs and PCs via wireless, correct? 2) What is the scan PPM?
How fast is the scanner ?
Does the fax function issue verification reports when the unit RECEIVES a fax, and do the reports include a 1st page image? Thanks
can this printer store documents for printing later as needed
If I have 5 separate documents to scan. Can I insert 1 - scan, then insert 2nd etc without re-selecting same destination on copier?
Does this machine support 'relaying' incoming faxes and sending them to an email address or DropBox, etc?
What is the functional measurement when ADF is fully lifted for use of platen for example?
05/29/13 Does this machine duplex scan without flipping the original to scan the backside? 06/14/13 Purchased the MFC 8710DW machine and it does NOT have dual scan to file. I do like the machine for its quality and I recommend it. Haven't had it very...
What is the Duty Cycle of the MFC-8950DW ?
Can it print envelopes?
Does this printer have a "straight thru" paper path option? Required for printing heavy stock. And does it support postscript?
Will this printer pull from either tray during a print. For example if am printing a contract that has both Legal and letter size pages in it?
do I need the drum unit AND the cartridge?
How I make the 2nd tray for legal
Does this printer allow you to uses one of the two trays to hold envelopes for printing or only the manual tray?
Does this print can recive and send fax. Can you make copies.
How I make one of the tray for legal
does it copy and scan
can you copy from books
is there driver for Mavericks OSX?
Will this machine send faxes?
You must connect this to *router*, but don't need a wired connection to your *laptop*, correct?
I see duplex printing. What about duplex scanning or copying?
Does this printer have a dual tray? Could I put labels in one tray and regular paper in another?
Does this printer have a dual tray? Could I put labels in one tray and regular paper in another?
Can I use it as a copy machine only, and not hook it up to my computer?
If my laptop is connected wirelessly to my network can I print with the printer wirelessly?
is it wireless
does the brother printer dcp8110dn monochrome printer come with starter toner?
Does it print envelopes
Has anyone figured out how to get the 2nd tray to show up in the software, so you can easily manipulate printing 2 kinds of paper ?
Does this copier allow you to change the image size? So can you reduce a legal size document so that it fits on a letter size page?
Is the ADF robust enough to do high volume, unattended document scanning as I convert paper files to digital?
Is there a by-pass tray as well? And if so what is the max amount of sheets will it hold?
Do I need to purchase the drum unit dr720? and what is this for?
What is the height of unit with the scanner open? We have a bookcase on the wall that will be above the unti and want to make sure we can open it.
What is the correct 2nd paper tray part to order?
My HP laserjet 100 M175 printer has started printing very small dots in the toner colors in the far right margin. Does anyone know how to fix this?
can I put in one paper to copy and have it print one copy from each tray
is this a quiet and fast printer? need something for a court room.
About how large objects can i print, for example if i wanted to make a Iron Man glove?
Is this print bed heated?
I've read in several places that users have purchased a glass plate to use in this printer. What is the purpose in using one?
Im wanting to purchase a 3-D Printer for starting a small business, the research I've done points to the "Makerbot," is this a good alternative?
What is the smallest item that can be printed? I would like to print a little person at 0.75 inches tall by 0.25" wide.
Can this printer use Dissolevable filament it's isn't in the description.
How long is the warranty , is there a manaul
Looks great. My only concern is the wooden frame. How sturdy is it?
can i print food or plastic? can i make taffy?
How do you create an object for 3d printing? can i take a picture of a real life object and duplicate it?
do any wrappers come with it
is it battery powered or ac
How do you know it didn't run out of a certain type of coin and missed 1 in a stack? Do you have to visually inspect it? Is the filled line clear?
This counter Works only with dollar coins and also with Other Currencies Other countries?
does it come with wrappers
I understand this sorter sorts in wrappers, but can the coins be sorted without wrapper. Are there plastic tubes included
Will this automatically wrap the coins after the correct number of coins are in the tube?
does it count the coins
could I put the paper wrappers in the slots first and then run the machine or is it better to wrap the coins after they have counted?
Does it use batteries or electric cord?
Has anyone else experienced scanner problems? My scans don't come out straight. Solutions? Or is it defective?
Does it have 2-sided copying feature?
does it have backlit led display
is this compatible with mac
Can I check faxes, delete the junk, then print them or do they print as rec'd?
What drum unit does it use? Brother says DR 720, but when I plug it into the Amazon site it says that this drum is not compatible with MFC8710DW!
How well does it print envelopes?
can this machine scan to mac wirelessly?
does this printer work with windows xp?
Does it have a bypass feeder for printing checks, without having to change the paper in the standard paper tray?
What is the quality of the scanner? I have an old MFC8860 and the scanner is terrible. AS well the feeder for copying does and never has worked well. Is this machine a step up or is the scanner quality poor? How's feeding multiple pages for copying...
Will toner cartridges from MFC-8860DN work in the MFC-8910DW?
Can I simply plug the printer into my computer (running XP Pro) with the USB connection in the front, and then just print as I currently do?
Can it print two-sided copies (like a 100 page manual) directly from a pdf file on my computer or flash drive? TIA!
Can it scan sheet music well?
Envelope: I will need to run about 100 envelopes through this machine a year. Has anyone used the envelope function regularly? How does it work?
Can I use it as a printer only without internet ?
Does the TN750 come with the purchase?
can this mfc scan directly to an emal adress without using a pc?
Can it be a stand alone copier w/o a computer attached?
will this work with my lexmark pro 700 series?
would this work with my lexmark S300 series printer
Is this compatible or is it Lexmark?
In my 2 pack of shipped cartridges the first one worked perfectly. The 2nd one won't work at all. Any ideas?
is this the Star Micronics TSP143UII that is suggested hardware for the square stand?
Anyone know if two printers can be hooked up to a square stand to have one for receipts and one print into the kitchen?
what type of paper rolls i need to buy for this printer?
How I connect the printer to the square stand pls?
I have the square stand and register for iPad 2. Do I need to connect the ethernet port to a router for this all to work?
this model I purchased has a phone jack, not ethernet, what gives?
Can a USB Cash Drawer plug into this printer and then the printer plug into a computer or Tablet? (Not using the Square Stand)
When I plug this into my square stand it blinks the red and green error message. The stand is not detecting it at all.
what happens the printer runs out of the ink? Is there a replaceable cartridge?
Can I use this printer to print receipts from my iPad with out using the actual "Square Stand" to connect?
Does anyone know what larger size fan will fit on back of this computer?
Is the power supply any good? I've heard mixed reviews.
How big is the side window?
Does this case include a power cord for the power supply it comes with?
How tall is the case where you sit the motherboard? I need about 12 inches but the case I was putting it into only has 9.
how many wheels come with order
is the rubber a soft rubber?
One of the reviews stated there were two wheels but an answer to a question stated one. Can you clarify please?
What size axle does this wheel fit on and what is the width of the wheel that rests on the axle ?
In the description the diameter of the wheel is 10''. my cart has exact same wheel with diameter of 9''. Woul you confirm that your wheel is 10''? Th
Do you have the cap that holds the wheel in place so it won't come off?
What is the diameter of the hole in the hub.... 1/2 inch? 5/8 inch????
what is the axel opening diameter? None of the other answeres answered this.
I don't see if this is battery powered or/and plugs into the wall power? I'm looking for an AA or AAA power scale.
I am confused by the picture that looks like there is a laptop sitting on it. Is that a laptop, or does the top of the scale open up to display info?
I can't see a USB outlet in the images on this scale. Is it USB?
plastic on the whole product?
Is it ccompatible with Dymo Label/Writer 450
Does the top cover lift completely off so it does not get in the way of large packages?
Is there a way to disable the auto turn off feature?
Can this be used to ship from the post office web site?
what is the heaviest box anyone has put on this scale?
Does it work with a Mac?
Would this product work with SmartBoard?
I got this with a manual in japanese, anyone know where I can get the english version?
What size battery does it use?
Will the Clicker Pen work with Windows 8?
Does this pointer come with the case as pictured? I ordered and didn't get the case.
Does it come with a case
Can I use this to roll up and down in a PDF document?
hello, i bought this and the battery keeps on draining, how do you turn it off? thanks
What type of batteries does it require? I read somewhere that it required AAA batteries, but they are way too large. HELP!
Does this come with batteries already?
Can you easily change out the names on the badges in order to reuse them?
What's the weight per holder?
How can I print whatever I want on the nametag? Do I just make a print of my own paper and stick it on the nametag? Any guidance on this? Thanks.
Hello. Can I just buy the magnets? I'm looking for small and strong magnets that aren't brittle and not easy to break. Thanks
dimension in inches gilberto alvarez
Can you weigh a 7 lb dog on it??
Can you weigh a 7 lb dog on it??
what is the actual size of the scale
It can be configured to display in Kg?
Is it accurate for larger weights?
Can we weigh ourselves on the platform ?
what is the start weight that this is able to weigh?
what are the dimensions of the platform?
How long is the scale to readout cord?
Is it auto shut off / time out
Does this work with 64 bit processor?
can you only duplex to pdf? I prefer to save scanned pages in jpg &amp; often (to save time) want to duplex scan. thanks
Does this work with Windows 8.1?
Can you scan a series of items, one right after the other, and when you're done, go back and label and/or rename the file with a meaningful name?
How many pages per minutes it can scan?
Is any special software needed to scan into .pdf or is this plug and play ready?
Does the software allow the scanned document to go directly to a WORD DOCUMENT or EXCEL SPREADSHEET?
My laptop does not have a CD drive. Is this a problem? I am running Windows 8
Can you save a file, and then come back later and add more pages to that file and edit the saved file if necessary later?
does this do a good job of scanning photographs?
How do I put tis up on the wall? Do I need a screwdriver? Have never had to put up something on the wall before. Any info appreciated.
Can this be hung vertically?
really 23.1 inches?
hardware included?
I lost the hardware for my calendar would like to hang it on the wall. Anyone know what the bracket is called so I can find it at a hardware store?
How big are the individual squares for the days?
Does this come with a dry erase marker?
Does it stick to the fridge
I'm considering attaching to kitchen cabinet since it doesn't stick to the fridge, has anyone tried removing and has it damaged the cabinet?
Is this a pretty big size or is it small?
Can anyone explain how to mount this with the hardware that came with it? There are no instructions.
Where is this calendar board made, please?
what are the white screw looking things that come with the board?
the photos make this look black. Is it black or like a dark cherry? Thanks
Do I have to have the color ink cartridge for black and white prints?
Does this printer come with a usb cable
Which one can work on this printer? HP61 or HP61XL?
Is this a flatbed scanner/copier?
What is the scanning ability? I'm looking for really good color duplication.
Can this printer be set up without making it wireless?
does the printer scan?
recommended number of printed pages per month?
Will this work with Google Cloud Print?
replacement cartridge is which one
Is the scanner sheet feed?
how long does the ink last
What page sizes does this printer accommodate?
compatibility with macintosh OSX maverick?
does come with free efax?
Will it copty,print,scan,print photo ,and do 2sided copy
How easy is to print an envelop?
Can this printer fax multiple pages via a document loader? Can it store pages to be faxed and send them later if the number is busy?
Does printer enlarge or decrease documents
What is the scan quality - number of pixels?
Would this work for scanning 12x12 pages?
Exactly what is in the package?
Can it scan legal-sized paper?
Can the scanner operate without batteries if connected to a USB cable?
Can I send scans directly to a WIFI printer ?
Can scanned articles be copied in word in a word document?
What is the file size on an 8.5x11 scan? What size SD card do I need?
Can I use this Wi-Fi version with the Docking Station that came with my previous Vupoint? If yes, will it still work via Wi-Fi, in real time?
Does this scanner come with a stitch software? Looking for a portable wide format scanner to do files 24x36 and possibly larger scans.
Does the scanned image appear immediately on the computer screen or do I have to look for it by browsing through the memory card?
how much weight can it carry?
What is the surface height of the table from floor when assembled?
I need to know the exact diameter and the height of the table
How wide is the top of the surface???
How tall is this table?
Do they ship to FPO address?
How high is this table?
How tall is this table?
To close it, does the top detach from the legs or does the whole thing fold up like a TV tray?
What is the diameter?
printer says load paper. paper is in printer
If one ink cartridge is empty (like cyan) are you required to replace it before you can print b/w?
Does this printer work with cardstock?
is this compatible with windows 8?
How to print from my iPad 2 ?
is this compatible with windows xp
Is there a paper tray, or do you have to feed one sheet at a time?
do i have to install to a computer just to use with my i pad?
kindle
what is the size of the paper feeder
In the BIB-475, I discovered you can get the light to stay on continuously by pressing Fn+light-button when light is already on? Same in BIB-950?
Does it have alternative languages? I need it in Spanish
Can we put an earphone to use @ work?
does the device have usb slot? i could not see it from picture... or does it need AC adaptor?
Can this unit run continuously from the USB port+charger to save batteries without damage? USB=5volts and 2 AAA batteries=3volts
I had a franklin BIB-475 and seen this Bible which is very similar what are the extra functions that this Bible has that Bib-475 doesn't have?
How do you turn the light on?
how clear is the speaking voice
Is scripture that Jesus said is it in red?
can I key in scripture reference and it takes me there?
dimensions?
Where was it made?
metal teeth or plastic?
Does the S4-06MP shred credit cards in the same tiny pieces as it does paper?
does it have a reverse switch?
does the waste basket pull out
Is it dual voltage (110 - 240v)?
what is the size?
what is its size?
how many of these can be added to base unit. can you add two?
Is there a regular handset that would work with this extension
Does this handset also have a loud ringer as the base unit?
what is hearing db
Does it work with the Clarion 4220+ base unit?
can this be a wall mount?
Does this use 4 ink cartrideges?
Is it compatible with windows 8?
Does it hold 8.5x14 paper? Does it have two trays, where one will hold 8.5x11 and the other 8.5x14?
Is this printer an EFAX friendly printer or does it require a telephone jack to connect to?
Is the black cartridge larger than the colors?
Can I print normal A4 paper with this printer, or I can only use this printer to print photo?
will it scan and email documents?
what computer will this printer work with?
Air print?
Will is use 74XL and 75XL ink cartridges?
Looking into options to customize Hockey Pucks for a wedding. Labels will be applied to black, hard rubber pucks - will this look grainy?
Would these work for photos?
Is there 96 labels or 120 as it says both?
Could I write on the labels with permanent marker (needed for a project with kids)?
Why Pack Of 60 (41464) is more expensive than 120 Labels (22825)?
Are they waterproof?
If you use these labels on wood, can you seal over them? (I use shellac to seal my wood.)
Ordered these mats for wood floor at fire station, they have reported that they slide on the floor. Any recommendations for keeping mats in place?
Is it shipped flat or rolled up?
The full description tab is not working for me. What is the actual size of the mat please?
Will it work for chairs that are not on wheels?
Does this item have a lip that fits under the desk itself, or is it just a rectangle? Can't find a picture anywhere that shows it's actual shape.
Is it easy to clean example under child eating table?
will this pad help stop my chair from rolling backwards when i lean back? it's a hardwood floor and not perfectly level. hence the easy rolling.
Is this mat also good for carpet floor?
Is this product machine washable?
What is the thickness? Is edges contoured? Can it be non-slip on wooden floor?
Is this mat a magnet for pet hair?
Can I use this material to create a stencil used to paint an image on a wall? If yes, will an xacto knife work to cut the image out?
Is this material clear? or frosted? I need something you can see through up to 3 layers without much distortion.
How durable is this material? I'm looking for some plastic sheets that is flexible but yet will resist rips and tears.
Has anyone ever used this with their cameo?
Is there adhesive on the back of it?
How certain are you that this is made of Mylar rather than another plastic please?
Can I cut this with a Silhouette Cameo machine?
I need a 24x24 in piece of Mylar. If I order 2 of these - will you deliver it as one piece? Or will it come cut into my "2" ordered pieces? Thx
What cutting tools are recommended to cut a stencil out of it?
Will your company custom cut several feet of 7.5 mil mylar into sheets of, say, 12x18?
I see two different sizes in your ad. Are the 325 sheets each 24"x36"? Thank you.
not paper, but style form sheet
Is the paper acid free?
Is this paper recycled or virgin newsprint?
Do the 325 sheets per bundle come in a storage box or is the customer required to find his own? Thanks.
How many pounds is a large bundle?
My wife uses this type of paper to clean the windows and mirrors. Does your paper have some kind of 'smooth finish' on it (its not good her purpose)?
How fast can it be delivered to Virginia beach?
Could you tell me if this newsprint has a glossy coating on one side?
Is this newsprint printable?
Does it come with a USB card?
Does it scann in monochrome mode?
Does this work with Windows 8?
can you scan color? Translate to OCR
Which SD card does this scanner take? USB cable included?
Does this scanner scan 8 1/2" wide ?
Planning on digitizing thousands of photographs of varying sizes, will I have to crop each picture before reprinting? Or does it crop to size auto?
Can work with windows 8?
Does this include a charger cable?
Does it scan Checks?
Can it hold a 16GB card?
Does it come a 4GB MicroSDHC Card and adapter! Abbyy OCR software CD, USB cable,2 AA alkaline batteries, Pouch, Cleaning cloth User's manual
Does this product support PDF format and A4 or Letter size?
This scanner which I bought refurbished does not connect to my windows 8 laptop.Tried with USB cable to WiFi but Computer does not recognize it.
Has anyone been able to get the wi-fi to work on a laptop or desktop? i enable the wi-fi on the wand, but laptop does not detect it.
Does this have the one inch or one and half inch window ?
Is this the best "Magic Wand"?
Where do I buy batteries
I just got my scanner but when I scan the images are the size of a postage stamp when I down load to my computer. How do I enlarge them?
Can the scanner be powered via the usb cable?
while scanning a document in PDF, does it put every scanned sheet in a seperate PDF files or all the scanned sheets in one single PDF file?
Where can I get directions on how to operate the scanner? It appears they have been replaced.
what are the directions to set scanner to comunicate with my pc ?
Does it scan jpg &amp; pdf?
Is there a difference between the purple and black models, other than price?
Do you have to use the special (VuPoint Table Top Scanning Stand for Magic Wand Portable Scanner) in order to scan documents? Thanks.
Okay... basic BASIC info hard to find: What's the dpi range for this scanner? That should be front &amp; center!
can I scan 12 x 12 scrapbook page using this scanner? all of it in one scan?
what comes included with the wand?
Is there a differrence between the Red and Purple colour?
If I were to scan a ledger-sized page I know it would take several passes. How would I turn them into one single image of the page?
What is the resolution on this model. One of the other models defaults to 300x300 but can be increased to 600x600
Does this work with the standard Auto-Feed Dock? Is there a special Auto-Feed Dock?
Do the scans often come out crooked? I watched the video from Magic Wand and it seemed like one of their scans of a page was crooked.
does this toner work with Brother HLL2380DW Wireless Monochrome Laser Printer?
I get a persistant error message when trying to print. It prints a half page and stops. Any ideas on how to make it work ?
howmanycopiescan youexpecttogetfromonecartridge?
printed pages have grey shadow, how can I get rid of this shadow
does it come with a usb cord?
Will printer print in black&amp;white? Regular text or letters?
Can you print from a regular desktop?
Can you use a thumb or flash drive with this printer?
Will it print if color cartridge is empty? Thanks.
Does it hook up to Wi Fi?
does it take CF memory cards
Will the scanner on the Pixma MG4220 work with OS 10.8? I had a old canon scanner, which I can no longer use because there is no compatible driver.
is this compatible with windows 8
is this compatible with osX 10.8.5
So the ink cartridge comes with it is only good for printing 3 photos and that's it?! Are you serious?
My Selphy is frozen on the 'Canon' screen, any help?
Can I print from my droid ulta phone.
can i use this printer without connect it to the internet?
Can you print from the iphone 5 &amp; iPad? I need a printer for a party w/ 50 teens with a 'photo booth' area set up. Is this my best option ?
can I print photos using a flash drive? Also, what size paper does it use? 4x6, 5x7 and 8x10?
Will a Sony MemoryStick Pro Duo work in the card slot? Wanting to just plug in card &amp; print!
I cant connect to my wi-fi
Can you easily use it with your ipad?
How is this different from the CP910 model? Has anyone calculated the cost per photo including ink and paper ?
Does this printer use a lot of ink? (like "have to replace it every month" type of a lot, like HP Products)
Will this printer be compatible with Windows XP software?
photo print quality?
Is it essential that you use this printer wireless? Mike
can you print 8x10 photos on this printer? The description says just 4x6.
is this compatible with windows 8
does it work with windows 8.1 ?
Does the Canon Pixima MG3220 work with Windows 8.1?
Does this require a computer before you can airprint from iPad?
Could this be used as a portable AirPrint printer for iPad to take to Europe (no computer)?
I have an IPhone 5 and an IPad 3. Can I use this for both of these?
What is the app I have to download?
I'm wondering approximately how many pictures can be printed from the cartridge before it needs to be replaced?
Does it only print 4x6 sized images?
Will it work with windows 8
Anyway to make this work without a wireless network? Bought this for mom thinking it had Airprint or bluetooth printing from an ipad/iphone?
how many photos per cartridge
does it comes with memory cards and cables
Can I print from my IPad? It is an Air Printer?
does work with the I-phone 5, I purchased a vu-point printer and this does NOT support I-Phone 5
Will using a cordless phone with this device create connection problems to the cell tower?
Is this price for the device free and clear (i.e. month to month allowed)? Or, does it require a 24 month contract with Verizon?
Do i need internet to use this device? and how much is the monthly payment?
How many pieces do you have in stock? I need 300 pcs. of Model F256VWQB
How many pieces do you have in stock? I need 300 pcs. of Model F256VWQB
How many pieces do you have in stock? I need 300 pcs. of Model F256VWQB
Can the unit be programmed with a default area code, so that local/regional calls can be dialed with 7-digits instead of 10?
Why no call quality problems w/ this Verizon Wireless device (used w/ my old landl cordless phone) but my Verizon cell works poorly in same location?
can i disable voice mail
is the esn good to activate?
I'm looking to build my own Ethernet cables (attach the RJ-45 connectors.) Will it check continutity of the 8 wires, including RJ-45's on both ends?
I have 2 questions, 1st, can this be used to map out the wiring in a car? 2nd, does the receiver have a built in speaker or must the earbuds be used?
can this be used to trace coax cable?
Can the toner tell you which wire is bad out of 8 in cat5e? (so you can pinpoint the exact point where a kink has damaged the single wire of 8?)
What is the difference (except price) between this and Fluke's IntelliToner?
What kind of warranty does this tester come with?
If only one end of the UTP is terminated, will this help me find the corresponding other end before terminating it on the patch panel? Why not Fluke?
Can this be used to test for continuity in a speaker wire? I think my wire from my stereo to my rear speakers (inside wall) is cut.
Can I remotely test Ethernet cables where the ends are in different rooms?
If you use tone, can you switch straight to testing the ends? Or is there a setting for either tone or test?
The cylinder that pumps the chair up will not keep it up. the seat keeps dropping down to its lowest point. Is there an adjustment on the air cylinder
What color is the chair you are selling?
What is the seat dimension depth and width?
Can you confirm that the color of the chair in the photo is Sepia Brown
PROBLEMS PUTTING TOGETHER
Has this chair developed any squeaks? Thanks.
What color is the chair?
What are the dimensions?
Will the Armbot Bed/Desk Mount support my Sony Viao EB Series Laptop? Don't know the weight.
Work for nexue7 2nd gen too?
Will this work for an iPad air or Mini?
Can you guys include or sell a suction cup for this mount?
will this work for a 7" tablet?
can it be used with kindle fire 7" ?
Can the C-Clamp be attached to a vertical shaft, like a table leg, and still have the iPad go up vertically instead of sideways?
Does this accommodate an iPad in "portrait" position?
if mounted on bed, can you push it out of the way without adjusting the tighten screws?
How wide will the c-clamp open and lock onto a tablet? My surface pro 3 is 7.93" in landscape
The printer doesn't recognize the cartridges, I tried resetting them but the non recognized ink cartridge message remains. What can I do?
How does the auto reset work? It has a button so I assume you have to just hit that button when you get the ink is out message and it will see as full
do you remove the black and white stopper by the clip?
Is this price for both cartridges shown?
How can I be sure this is a genuine HP product?
How is it worth it to purchase the replacement print heads when they cost almost as much as a new printer?
Is this product a REAL HP product?
Are these really HP products?
These print heads have expiration dates. What is the exp. date of the ones you are selling
Do these need replaced? and if so how often
can any give me dimensions on the inside of drawer ? ..maybe a few pictures ? will this hold a gunsafe?
How tall is the table?
what are the demensions?
Is there any way to assemble it to where the top stays shut and only the draw will open?
How long is the power cord?
Is the table made of actual wood or veneers?
Can this be assembled before shipping
Is the back side finished also?
What are the dimensions of the open shelf below? I trying to determine what size basket or decorative box can be added for craft storage.
how to care for veneer furniture
how do i put it in my polaroid camera 300? if it doesn t come with the black box??thanks
will this paper work on my Zink printer model CZA1001B
does this paper work on new zip moble printer?
how many photos print from one pack of paper
Is this film for the Polaroid Instant 300 camera?
is it fits Polaroid Socialmatic 14MP Wi-Fi Digital Instant Print &amp; Share Camera? the camera which is Pre-order now.
Could you tell me please, what is the expiration date of this paper?
can we use this film for fujifilm instamax 7s camera?
does this film go into Z2300 polaroid instant camera?
Does it work with the LG Popo Pocket Photo Printer PD239?
hi, will this photo paper expire at any time like film? :)
Can I use these papers in the Polaroid Instant 300 camera?
When I load it, appears a message in the camera saying that it's no zink paper! I can't use it. Does anybody knows what's going on?
what's different between this one and the pogo one?
can i use it with my socialmatic?
Can I use this paper with my POPO printer?
Does this work for Polarid Socialmatic?
will this work in my polaroid 600?
can i use this paper in an older SX-70
Does this paper work with the Fuji Instax Mini 8?
will image converter scan old black and white negatives?
Will this scan un developed film from a roll? Or is it only for Negatives?
What is the type and capacity of the tray to hold 35mm slides?
can it be fed a film strip? I usually cut my negatives on 6-frame strips.
Where are the images scanned to ? The computer hard drive ? SD card ? The computer has to be on ?
Does this scanner really have a FireWire (IEEE1394) port?
What is the dynamic range for this scanner ?
Is this compatible with Mac systems?
What are the output formats for this unit: jpeg, tiff, raw, etc.
I am looking for a digital converter that will handle old negatives.....6x10 cm in size. Will this scanner do this?
I have old family slides that measure 2.5x2.5. Will this unit scan them to a file I can print from?
Can one adjust color and exposure before scanning
will this work on windows 8.1?
Is there anywhere I can get more help or a phone # to talk to someone to figure this out. Directions are useless. HELP!!
I have slides that use the same size holder as the 35mm but the slide is almost as large as the holder. Will scanner be able to scan whole slide?
Scanner seems to attract dust and fibers when I scan my negatives. Compressed air is temp. fix. Ideas?
How is scanning 120 mm negatives done? Does the negative come into direct contact with the scanner bed? Or is there a 120 mm negative holder?
I know this unit has a memory card, but does it also have a USB port for direct cable access to a laptop? And what's in the box?
Do the negatives auto advance, or do you have to feed in each one?
will this convert 24mm negatives (advanced photo system; aka Kodak Advantix system)
Can this scan different size paper and receipts that the more expensive scansnap can do?
Does it recognize words and send to the appropriate folder? For instance Alliant Energy will it automatically go to that file?
Does it scan legal size 11x14?
is it mac compatable
Why this product when I have an HP Officejet? Does it scan better / faster?
how well does it scan photographs?
How is this scanner different from a regular scanner? I already have 2 regular scanners.
Could you easily scan a driver's license or insurance card?
is it a good scanner for photos
does it work on mac
you say on amazon's web page that the tn780 won't work with the mfc8950dw but brother's web site says it will. what's up with that?
Can this cartridge be used in the MFC-8710DW printer?
Is this TN -780 Laser Cartridge a New Original Brother Toner or is it a Compatible...based on the different reviews I am confused. Please let me know
This is my first replacement toner for my MFC-8950-DW. Do I need a different drum to go from a standard size toner cartridge to a super high yield ?
Will this work for Brother Printer HL6180DW?
When i originally ordered the TN870 online and i put the printer information and it said it was compatiable now i try it and doesnt?
Will it work with the MFC8710DW
WILL THIS WORK WITH A HL5470 DW
does it cames with the dispenser
It is compatible with QL-700?
length of the roll: It's probably a typo, but is this a "starter roll" (like a starter toner cartridge)?
Where is this item produced?
It comes whit reusable cartridge? thanks
Can the plastic holder be re-used easily after emptying, with a separate roll? (i.e. pulling it apart; not having to saw the plastic cartridge, etc.)
Does it work with QL710W ?
does it come with the black holder as shown in photo
I use a Brother QL-570 printer, when approx 1/4 of roll is left, "wrong size" error appears, with each roll, when printing on ebay shipping. Fix?
is this white or clear?
What is the measurement INSIDE the legs/supports?
What is the length of the stand? Can I fit a keyboard under under? My keyboard is 18 in. Also whats the max height of it?
Are these units stackable?
Can you tell me how much weight this platform is designed to handle?
Could this fit an Xbox One underneath?
What is the shortest height you can make this - I am looking for one the height around 3-1/2 " is that possible??
I want to use this as a stand up desk converter. Would it be possible to have it 10 1/2 inches above my desk?
Would this work for a flatscreen 31" TV under 15 pounds, and fit a DVR/VCR underneath ?
There appear to be two insets on the top of the stand. What is the distance between these two insets?
Will this unit accomodate a snap in docking station and have room to slide an externally attached keyboard underneath when not in use?
Can you use other brand tape in this label maker?
Can you use this to label freezer packages and have it not fall off?
Does it come with a tape?
Need file labels that are all 2 inches in length and font size the same no matter the # of characters - Like a typewriter - turn off auto scaling?
List tape sizes in BOTH metric and inches!!!!
where do i get cartridges?
Can this do multiple lines (like say write an address like on an address label)?
does it come with batteries
What are the font sizes (points), specifically how big is the largest font size? I bought the DYMO and the largest is 12pt, which is small. Thanks.
what is the item nuber for the black on white tape?
I'm in the market for a color laser printer for my home office and this looks like a decent choice but I'm concerned about all the negative reviews regarding networking &amp; wireless connectivity; but some are over a year old. Have these issues been...
does it printer two sided?
does it work with ubuntu?
can this phop copy
Does it come with toner?
Any idea how I can print on Cardstock? Every time I do, the card stock jams. I've tried everything. Anyone else have this problem and fixed it? TIA
This printer constantly jams and rolls the paper tightly into the fuser. I must remove whole fuser assembly to get the paper out. Any fix for this?
Is this printer AirPrint compatible for ipad mini and MacBook Pro? Thanks
Is papaer included?
Is this printer model listed an XAA or XAC?
We have both a PC using Windows 8 &amp; a Mac. Can we set this printer &amp; scanner up to print or scan from both machines or must we pick one to print from?
How well does this item work while printing labels and on card stock?
on a color printer the color is used only as needed is it not?
The document feeder (Multifeeder) does not select one page at the time (it feeds the whole stack at once). What could I be doing wrong?
does it print both sides
Does it drain your toner even without or very little use? I have an old Dell color laser printer that I had for 3 years and still using the starter toner because I print just a few pages a month. I do the same with the Samsung and the toner is now...
Can you feed an envelope in for printing postage
My machine goes to sleep after set time, then wakes back up after same time. Anybody else having this problem?
I have this Code # a1-4111 appear, what do I do?
Can i scan directly to my email from the device? or must i install some software on all computers that access the printer beforehand?
how does the cost of ink compare to your previous printer?
does it work with the iphone
I plan to purchase an IPad Mini Retina coupled with Verizon service and your HP Envy120 wireless printer via AirPrint. I want to eliminate spending$60 a month for internet service from ComCast. Will this plan work?
does it come with ink cartridges?
Can you scan to your mac via wifi without using the HP email?
can you continue to print with black ink only if the color runs out?
How easy is it to get on my WI FI I am a plug and play type of person. Do you just enter your wifi password &amp; go ?? I have a Canon and I cant get the thing on line !!
The Hewlett Packard Envy 120 prides itself on "direct wireless". Can it instead work via a router which has wireless as well as Ethernet connections?
What cartridges does it use? Mine came with HP 60 in both black and color, but they don't fit the cartridge carriage.
Does it have the efax ap
Does this printer fax in color or black/white?
If one color runs out, do I need to replace the cartridge for that color only or all three colors? And black?
What are its paper handling capabilities? What is the size of the scanner glass?
Does this print wirelessly from an IPad or IPhone?
Does it scan automatically? I mean, if I leave 10 pages to scan, I don't have to feed one by one?
i assume it has automatic paper feed, right?
if the color toners are out, can i still use black and white printing without replacing the color toners
have never used laser printer for home use, can you print photos?
what does "install imaging unit" mean?
does this printer have manual feed option like putting one document at a time
Can the ADF scanning feature handle duplex pages?
Can it scan through the auto-feeder? I need it to scan 10 pages or more at a time.
Does it include the toner or do I have to buy it separetely?
will it print a stack of envelopes and if so how many
can it scan larger than legal sized documents?
Does this printer feature double sided printing?
Have you been able to set-up the distinctive ring fax feature?
Is it 220V or 110V?
does the tray hold legal size 8 x 14 paper
Can you use this unit in a home wireless network that includes Mac pro, MacBook Pro, and PC computers?
does it scan
Does it have duplex printing?
If a color cartridge is empty, will it still print in black and white?
Will this printer take generic ink cartridges?
How to get the paper to feed?
Anybody know how to get this thing ONLINE? It goes Offline and I can't get it back online. I try unplugging it
Warehouse deals has three or so of these for sale as used, does any toner come with the printers that are sold as used.?
which the duration of the cartridge start, mainly using a lot of colorful thing ..?how many pages?print until 50 pages and already appears used 30
Does printer come with toner cartridges at purchase?
does anyone know if the toners are refillable? or has anyone tried to replace the toner, to save money.
Is this the self healing foam used in archery?
I wanted to make a goddess zelda harp out of this, this being the base. would this work? It's only a non-functional costume piece.
I am trying to find something I can use to make a costume shoe. I need to be able to carve it and walk on it. Do you think this product will work?
I want to use the foam to cut a shape that I can cast a cement ring inside. Is the 1 lb easy to cut and firm enough to hold shape for that use?
Hello! is this Styrofoam FDA approved? i need it for packaging and its going to be in contact with the product. Thanks
Would you say this block would be big enough for 3D mask?
what density is the foam block? I need 1lb and 2lb. thanks, paul
How stiff/floppy is this.Need to put a 2 sided daily checklist &amp; use felt/dry erase pen to check off items then erase and reuse it. Thanks
It's see-through, right?
Kindly tell me the outside dimensions of this pocket. (I need to insert them into cabinet spaces that have a maximum width of 9".) Thank you.
So does it open on one side or two sides? Final answer :-)
Does it have two inside pockets
Would you say these pockets are capable of holding a good amount of paper, just a few sheets? or a small stack?
This can open one side only?
will it work with windows 8.1?
Can the new mac system Maveriacks 10.9 work with this printer?
will this work with windows xp
color?
What are the dimensions of this unit?
can I feed envelopes into a slot to print?
If the printer says I need more black ink, what product should I buy?
what toner cartridge does it take
My B1160w is not picking up the paper from the tray. I've been trying and trying. There are no jams, the paper is inserted. The print sends fine (tho only when the USB cord is connected) and it makes the sounds for printing, but the "paper catch"...
cartridge included?
Does this printer prints letters of small size - very well, or not?
Can you print envelopes with the Dell B1160? If not what model should I be looking for, just want monochrome and wire connection, Thanks!
for the love of all GOD, i just cannot get the paper to feed into this printer without it jamming, no matter how many sheets of paper from one to 20
Is it compatible with Apple products in wireless mode?
does it have a scanner on top
Can someone tell me if this printer works with any Dell computer? Thank you for your help!
I want to use this with my Dell microsoft windows XP professional..is it compatible?
Is this printer compatible with windows XP professional?
Can anyone tell me why this printer won't turn off? When I press the power button, it will go off for a few seconds, and then turn back on!
Is the printer compatible with the 64-bit Windows 7 professional OS
What are the exact measurements of this product?
Is it also flood-proof and tightly seals?
Can you put guns in there?
Do the exterior dimensions include the handle/lock mechanism or are they for the case......it needs to fit into a 12x15 space Thanks
My children are on medicine for their adhd how many pill bottles would this hold?
Can I use this as a lock box for medications?
I wanted a box to store printed photos. How deep is the box and would this product work for this purpose? Photos are mostly 4x6.
How heavy is this? Thanks!
What is it made of? Metal/Steel?
How heavy is this case?
I have a book that is 6x9x3/4" and would like to have the option to ship either 1 or 2 of them at a time. Would this product work for both uses?
This appears to be a single-depth package. What is the difference between this and B003M5VS0G?
What is the thickness of the cardboard? Thank you.
What is the page yield? 8000?
Does this work with the Brothers MFC 8690 also?
Does it work with Brother Printer HL-5370DW and HL-5340D?
Is there a slave sign you can buy to operate for two way traffic
can you use this sign outside
can you put this outside
can you program this sign with your PC, is there any software with the package for programing
How long can each message be?
can I get computer programing
Can you display pictures and videos on this unit
I like to control with PC . all the items I see dosen't say about PC . which item control by PC?
is this item need computer
how do you assemble the tray onto the pole, I don't have any instructions and want to be sure
How does it compare to the QuikLok LPH-001 Multi-Function Tripod Stand? Does it have a height adjustment knob? I can't seem to see it from the picture
Can I make the angle of the tray flat, to put a projector on this? I need it to be completely flat. Thank you for any responses I get.
Can the top tray be removed to be mounted on another stand with a 3/8" or 1/4" thread
How high is the metal lip on the tray? I think my laptop might be too wide for the tray, do you know if they make other trays?
Which edges of the tray are raised? I ask because my laptop is 10" by 15" and I want to be sure it will sit flat on it.
Is this okay to mount Benq W1070 projector?
What is the outside diameter of the top pole? Is it 1 3/8 (1.375) in. like a speaker stand?
What are the dimensions of hte base of this item?
I see that the tray is 13 inches wide. I want to be able to use this with my macbook pro which is 14 inches wide. Are there side lips on the tray?
What is the lowest and the highest seating height?
What is the weight limit?
What heights can this be adjusted to?
Hi, I was wondering how high does this chair go? Can you give me the height starting from the floor?
one of my stool's wheels broke, how can I purchase another?
How low can it go without the casters on?
the lowest height
Can the wheels be removed to be a stationary chair or would that scratch the floor?
what diameter is the seat?
can i get a back for this chair
Is this the correct cartridge for the HP LaserJet M1212nf MFP? If it is - why does it not show up on the drop down menu on this page?
what is the page yeild
Hello. I've purchased this item from you before, but it is no longer available. Do you have any other Cartridge that would work for HP 85 M1212nf MFP?
Is this the correct cartridge for the HP LaserJet Pro P1102W? If it is - why does it not show up on the drop down menu on this page?
Is this a direct replacement toner cartridge for HP LaserJet Pro P1102w? Thanks in advance.
What do you do to recycle these cartridges when they are empty? I do not want to just throw them out.
does this AI-285A Laser Toner Cartridge work for HP Laser Jet M1212nf printer?
Is your Al 285A the same as the CE 285A
When I installed the toner and started to print half the page is fine and the other half comes out as fully black. Anybody have a fix for this issue?
1606
How many pages do you get from a cartridge?
What is the capacity claim for this CE278A? HP OEM is 2100, is this less?
I ordered a 3rd party toner cartridge before and the printing was always light. Any idea if yours will be light?
I am seeing small blotches down the middle of the printed pages on my 1606dn. Print quality is otherwise good. Has anyone else seen this?
Is this a 2000 print cartridge?
Is it compatible with HP Laser Jet 1536DNFMFP
Is it compatible with HPLaser Jet M1530
How many paged do you get from a cartridge?
Does this also fit the MF4770 n
Blake Printing Supply 3500B001AA Compatible with Canon 128 Black Laser Toner Cartridge. is this replacement cartridge compatible with canon mf4890dw
Cannot get Blake ink cartridges to click in place. The directions not helpful. Brother directions say turn a green lever, cant find it.can u help?
How can you tell how many pages you get from a toner cartridge? Is there a page counter on the printer? I have the Canon MF 4880d printer. Thanks!
Hello. I'm lookig Cartridge for HP85 Laser Jet M1212nf MFP. Will this one be good for my printer?
The Canon cartridge lists a page yield of 2100 pages. I do not see one listed for your offering?
Does it work with Cannon ImageClass MF4770n?
is it compatible with Canon MF4800 model ?
Is this worth buying? Even though it's more than 50% off the canon one...Am I sacrificing quality for price?
Will this work with Canon MF 4890DW?
how many pages yield?
can you use TN-580 in MFC-8220
How many pages does it print
Q: How many pages does it print
does this come with the 2014 code update?
Does this unit cover NEC 2011?
I ordered this today. Does it come with the 2014 code update
Before I purchase this i need to know it has the NEC code for 2014 already installed
Please tell me the difference between the 2 Electricalc pro calculators 5070 Priced at 69.95 &amp; 83.98?
Is this now updated for the 2014 code
Does it cover the 2014 NEC?
Does it wall mount?
What is the maximum range of distance between the base unit and the cordless handset unit?
The corded base hopefully mounts on the wall. If it does how is it powered, by an adapter?? if so how long is the cord.
I leave in Canada where there is no AT&amp;T. Can I use the phone with any provider?
Does this phone have 1 or 2 lines? Does it have a call forwarding option?
does this phone show voice-mail on the base and on the handsets we get voicemail from charter
Do the cordless handsets have a 2.5 jack for a headset?
What are the dimensions of the corded base phone??
Do the cordless bases need to connected to a phone jack, or only the base?
How long does the battery life last on handsets
open on 2 sides?
Are these two-pocket folders?
how many pages does each pocket hold?
What colors are included?
Are these pockets flexible like sheet protectors, or are they fairly rigid (more like a poly file folder)?
Do they have inside pockets?
What specifically would you use these for??
How can I store the folders upright/vertically rather than the standard way of laying them on the side/horizontally? What product can you recommend?
Are these transparent (could you read a document through one?)
Can you lock the pocket?
Are the refills for this pen the same as the ones used for the individual (single color) FriXion ballpoints?
How do you replace the ink refills? Maybe my pen may be defective, I have unscrewed the eraser tip and my the empty refills won't come out.
can you refill the inks?
What colors can you get refills in?
Where can I purchase refills for this pen?
How to change the refill? I have one of this but I can't figure it out. Thanks.
This does not state that it is the erasable one, but it looks like the erasable one. Is it erasable?
So, what is the verdict...are there refills for this pen? Are they different than the other 0.5mm color refills? And can I buy them here?
I want to know if the pen has extra ink??
Anybody know where to get refills for this pen? I have this pen &amp; absolutely love it!! Ink is almost gone. Need refills. Help
Is this suitable for use in a Dorm bed&gt;
From table surface, what is the maximum height this would raise a typical 15-inch laptop?
This one or the other mStand without the swivel..??
What is the clearance in the front (be the front edge and desk)? (I am wondering if I can fit a thin laptop I keep closed underneath.)
Does the swivel based allow you to turn your laptop 90-180 degrees if you need to review a document with someone sitting next to you?
Does this work for a 13" Macbook Pro?
Is there a lock for the swivel base, just in case you do not want it to move also please let me know if the stand moves while typing.
will this work with a toshiba 15" satellite laptop? or this is made just for macs?
Does it work while the laptop has a case on it?
Will this work with a 17" laptop?
The sales reps stated I don't really need the Rack2 because it does the same thing as included software just fancier. True or is it worth the extra?
rack2-filer? Is it worth it or can just the base Scan Snap suffice?
Will this scan business cards??
How do you handle documents that are more than 10 pages? Is there a way to merge scans?
In your opinion, are there less or more issues with the Fijitsu Scansnap S1300i compared to the Neat Desk?
Does it come with a 1 year warranty?
Can it scan pictures?
does this come with cables or do I need to buy them?
can it catagorize reciepts to help keep accurate expense reports
Any reported trouble with Windows 7 connectivity ?
How do I submit the personalized information for the seal?
are the discs interchangeable?
Can we submit a jpeg of what we want it to look like and have it done that way?
does it have to say official seal
How can I be sure that my complete monogram can be used in the embosser?
What is the font size for the example presented on the amazon website of 'Fbare County High School'?
Does this embosser include an ink stamp?
May I provide custom vector artwork for the seal?
Does the embosser come preassembled or do you have to assemble it yourself?
Is it possible to change the official seal wording in the middle to something else?
Can the elevated glass shelf be left off of the desk? Without the bars attatching to the desk at all? And how big is the keyboard tray?
Can the file storage area be switched to the right hand side and can the CPU shelf be left off entirely?
dimensions - height,width, depth?
its height is 37" which is very high
Hi, how wide is the keyboard tray this desk? (Merax Tempered Glass computer desk). Can that bottom shelf for the computer case go on the outside?
What are the printer cartridge numbers?
does this work with windows XL?
does this item scan and print without a computer hookup
How can I set print black ink only?
does this come with the usb cord?
Can you print from an iPhone or iPad via AirPrint?
mine didnt come with any cords to plug it into the wall. what do i need?
Is it compatible with mac os 10.6.8?
Is it a duplex machine?
my laptop does not have a cd/dvd drive how can I install this printer?
What are the dimensions of the B1265dnf Printer? Thank you.
Is this printer heavy duty enough for a CPA firm to print tax returns?
Is it fairly easy to fax four or five sheets of paper through the fax feeder with this machine?
How does it do if you need to print 7-8 envelopes in the manual feed? Does it only do one at a time?
Does it support Apple?
What is the startup time for this printer, i.e. does it have to warm up before it can start printing?
Does this printer come with 2 drawers?
is this wireless
what is the manufacture date of this unit? i understand the warranty begings with that date.
Can I use this printer for pre-printed checks?
do you get a USB cable with this or is that a separate purchase?
Does the printer come with a starter toner or a regular toner cartridge?
Will this printer take custom size sheets of paper or envelopes?
Does it support wired printing?
does this item take a dell 1110 cartridge?
Is there a Extended warranty
is this portable and able to runoff an ac adapter?
anyone have any problems with "out of paper"? I've checked for jams and paper and all is fine.
Is this compatable with windows vista
How well does this printer support Air Print from the iPad Air?
It is said that this printer comes with "starter" cartridges. What is their capacities? If bought off the Dell site, the printer comes with 3,000 pages per cartridges. At this greatly reduced price, are the included cartridges the same as Dell?
Does this come with a starter ink cartridge
Is this item brand new? Does it include a 1 year warranty from Dell?
does this print double sided?
Does it come with the toner?
What size paper will this printer handle?
Can you let me know the dimensions of the printer?
Does this printer come with all the necessary cords mto hook up to a computer, or to print wirelessly from several computers?
how much per page for color and how much per page for b&amp;w
Is this item brand new? Does it include a 1 year warranty from Dell?
Do these have chips?
Are these compatible with Canon MX895 (European model)? The part numbers CLI-526/525 appear the same
Does this ink work in the MG 6200 printer? Thanks!
Are these cartridges compatible with Canon's printer MG5220 ? Thank you. Ray T.
how to remove clear plastic covering
does this ink works with Canon pixma Mg 6220 printer ?
Just ordered, but yellow is not printing correctly. At first it was very light, now nothing. completed cleaning, deep cleaning, what can i do?
do these work for canon pixma mg 6120?
does this ink come with chip to work with mg6120
Do these work with the MG5220?
Do these cartridges truly work on the Pixma MX892 series printer?
Do these cartridges come with chips?
When clicking the "will this ink work with your printer" it says the ink is not compatible with my Canon PIXMA MX712...but does in the description?
Has anybody used these cartridges in the Canon Pixma MG5120?
I can't get magenta to print after wasting half of the other brand new cartridge's ink in testing and cleaning. Is there a trick?
Will these work with the Pixima MX890?
I purchased 10 Pack ink cartridges compatible with Canon MX882. I finally am using the 2nd pack and the magenta can't be recgonized--the others work
I tried installing a cartridge in and the red lights all turned off and printer does not recognize it. Tried another and some problem...help!
Will these cartridges work in a Canon MG6150 printer. These canon cartridge number is 526 and 525 (for the the bigger 525 PGBK). ??
I purchased these cartidges in Jan 2013 for my Canon iX6520 printer and they worked fine. Do they still work for that printer?
I have a Pixma MP830. Are these compatible, and if not, would you guide me to the ones you sell that are? Thanks very much.
How come when I print pictures of color patches they do not come out the same color as the orginal?
I have a Cannon Pixma MG5220 &amp; replaced the ink with the Blake Printing Ink. The printer keeps bringing up the site to order new ink from cannon. Is there a fix?
R U sure these are compatible with canon pixma892?
Hi- will these fit a Canon mx890? Also, I have a bunch of empties that I purchased in the past- are they re-fillable/returnable or just throw away?
Are these compatible with MX880 series?
Are the C-225 and C-226 cartridges compatible with a Canon MX 922 printer?
This product is listed as being frequently purchased with the Canon MX 922 printer. Can someone confirm that these cartridges work with this printer?
will these work with a Canon mx920 printer. If not what do you recommend?
will this work for the canon pixma6300?
Are these compatible with Cannon Pixma MX880?
How do i get the leaking ink off my hands?
Are these compatible to be used in the Canon PIXMA MX922 ?
Why in the description it says it is ink for PIXMA MG6220 but when you use the drop down boxes for Will this work for my printer? the answer says NO
I have received this product and there is a notice on it saying "This is a set DO NOT SEPARATE" Exactly what does this mean?
Are these compatible to be used in the Canon PIXMA MX882 ??
I purchased this product for my Pixma MX882, but when I install the cartridges I get Error U043 "ink tank cannot be recognized" error.
Can i print photo papers with these? I have a Canon MG5200 Printer and if I use the %80 of A4 Paper, how many A4 paper prints can i print? Thank you,
My PIXMA MG6220 includes a "GY" (Gray) cartridge which is not in this set. I don't see it in this set, do I use some other set?
will this work for a mx922?
Some ads give the volume of ink inside each cartridge. Is yours "normal" or extra capacity?
I have purcahsed similar packs like this before to save money and thge fist few worked fine the had alot of trouble with the , Can I get help ?,
Do you have Lc71 cartidges
How long will these cartridges last if I don't open them? Do they have a shelf life? Thanks
what should i do if cartridge has ink but message says it does not have ink?
Sorry but I am VERY confused as to how these work and for what. I have a Canon MX430 printer, will these work for it? Thank you very much.
Are these genuine brothers ink cartridges from Brother?
should i remove yellow pull tab before installing ?
Do you have ink for HP Photosmart 6510?
I just received my ink in the mail, installed it, and nothing is printing on the paper. I pulled the tab off like it says. What could be wrong?
Are these the standard capacity or the high capacity type?
how many copies per cartridge?
Do these ink cartridges work with MFC-J475dw?
Does it fit the MFC-J430W all in one printer?
do they work for mfc-j825wd?
Will these ink cartridges work with a Brother 430W?
i have a brother mfc-j825dw i dont know what to order help first time buying ink
Do these dry up if not used fairly fast?
What is the proper way to remove the plastic seal on the ink discharge spout ?
are they dye based inks or pigment inks
Can image be stored to micro card?
Which version of ABBYY Finereader OCR comes with ST 441 PU-VP ? Is it the latest version available?
What format does it save to? JPEG? pDF?
the PDS-ST-441-vp is very tempting BUT is it only avail in purple? Your on-screen viewer shows it in red/blk/blue. Are THEY available??
Will scanner scan legal docs, 8 an one half by 14 inch paper??
How effective is it for books?
How accurate is the included OCR software at interpreting text?
Can scan be converted to editable text in Word on a MAC?
Is this compatible with Windows 8?
When it scans it leaves big streaks on the image. I have cleaned it, done the white balance, formatted the micro card and now at a loss. Can you help
Which one is the cutest?
Is this not something to bring to school???
I wouldl like to buy 18 Inkology Bug Eye Pencil Pouch, 11 x 3 Inches, Multi-Color, Single Pouch, Animal. Is there any discount available? Thanks.
Is this definitely for use as an iron-on transfer (household iron) or do you need a specific press?
Can this work on any color if I don't mind having a white border? As long as it doesn't affect the image color or quality, I want white edges~!
I have a epson 2540 inkjet printer. Would the ink bleed when I wash it
Will this work on pastels and/or cotton/poly 50/50 blend?
What ink works best with this paper? I've used HP inkjet printers,also refill inks but they all fade with washing, some even smudge badly. Thanks!
Will this work on my toner based printer?
Will I be able to use the paper for printing a word, name ? Thanks
Hi there, I used the transfer paper for my white Tshirts with heat press. didnt work. I did exctly what the directions say,,, I ruined 3 white Tshirt
Do you happen to ship from CA? I'm judging if I order now (2:30pm PST), might I receive prior to an event on Thurs.
Has anyone had problems with the ink bleeding? If so how did you fix that?
Is this a clickable pen? Or twist?
Is the pen fine or medium point?
Is the ballpoint ink black or blue?
i know the box comes with 5 different colors but is there a way to only buy yellow?
Are yellow only available?
there are 30 pens in this pack, and 5 different colors; how many of each color will I receive?
Do you have a smaller package? I don't really need 30 pens.
can i customize the pens?
does this toner work with the HP laser JET pro 200 (M276NW) printer
what is difference between 131A and 131X
Does this toner fit into my HP LaserJet M251NW?
How many copies print 1 cartridge of 131X for example invoices in peachtree program?
How many sheets of paper does each tray hold? And can I have legal size paper in one tray and regular size paper in the other?
Does this model have an envelope feeder?? Please advise ASAP! Thank you!
Does this printer have a scanner
will it print "pdf directed" using both legal and letter size?
Does it fax?
I hope this does not seem stupid. How does the printer know when to print legal or letter?
Does this printer have the capacity to print 8 X11 and 11 X 17?
can I print checks with this printer
Can this printer generate mixed size documents with letter and legal sized paper?
Does it do well with labels? I need one tray full of regular paper, and one full of labels, but want to know it feeds them well.
There is a difference in 1" and 1.5" rings. Owner, please inform which it is? Thanks.
Is it real leather? Are the rings removable? Thanks.
What size is the 3 ring binder? 1 or 1.5 inch? Thanks
Is the legal pad pocket large enough for a 9x12 pad?
How thick is this binder - total outside thickness
is it a self feeding scaner or do i have to glide the wand for it to scan
Can I view the scanned images by connecting the scanner to a PC via USB? or I have to take out the CD card and insert it into the computer?
Is there an available model of this that has wifi capability?
Is it possible to create multi-page pdf documents? If yes, it is an easy process?
I read 2 items I don't understand.The dock will NOT take an 81/2 x 11 sheet of paper? You can't use the dock unless you have it hooked to a computer?
is this scans document in PDF format &amp; stores them as image in PDF for plain text?
What are basic differences between scanners i.e., what is a dock or wand?
Can wand be used with adapter plug (not in docking station)? What happens when rechargable batteries get low and I don't have docking station w/ me?
Does this include or work with scanning software? Or does it just save each scan on a jpeg and you have to transfer/convert files manually?
there are so many different scanner wands out there. i just want to carry one around w/ me to scan books &amp; some photos. would you recommend this one?
Is the power supply 110v only or 110/220 v ?
Does it support POE?
This products requires and includes the base unit that need to be plugged into router? How many lines (VOIP accounts) this can hold?
Hi, I need to know if this phone can receive 2 telephone lines simultaneously. Thank you.
Is there an asterisk auto answer support? We have a intercom button which creates a two way intercom without the other phone needing to be answered.
speaker phone?
is there anyway to listen to voicemail directly from the handset?
Does this phone work on Comcast service?
Has anyone got this to work with the Asterisk running on a Synology NAS? No luck. What other options would I have to get this to work?
Does this product include base? The title says "Cordless Phone", but description implies that the base is required.
does the keyboard stay stable in one place?
how high is it? 10in?
Will I be able to return it if I don't like it?
what is the depth measurement of the stand?
I hve window8 update 2 window8.1 canonwireless wil not wk on it as its conn to another comp that is conn dsl. will this print with the 8.1? also fax?
Does this have a hard drive?
Does this printer come with power cord and USB 2.0 ?
mine is printing blank sheets but enought ink?
What is the waranty on those you call "new" HP 3520 Printers
I have a 3520 loaded in my computer if I leave my printer in one location an add a second 3520 in a second location will I need to down load it
does it fax
I have set up and installed the printer. When I print I only get black ink and very smudgy yellow/gold. NO blue or red.
Will it work with a Chromebook . Is it a cloud printer?
wHAT DOES IT USE FOR INK? Is the cartrige made up of one cartridges or One Black ank one color.
can you toggle between keyboard mode and scanner mode easily with out having to disconnet the scanner?
How does it connect with a barcode scanner app such as Amazon's? Easy? Automatic?
Does this work fine with Profit Bandit? Thank You.
Is there any way to attach it to a lanyard for wearing around your neck?
Is this Blue Tooth?
To sync iPhone 5. Instructions says to type pin code into phone. Instructions are in settings, how do I access the phone's keyboard from there?
Why do I have to disconnect/reconnect my barcode scanner to my android every 15-30 minutes to get it to work?
how do i get it to scan in excel?
does it work with iphone 4S
is this something i could use for inventory or do I have to be right next to a device for it to work?
Does it leave the shirt soft or stiff?
I want to put names on T-shirts, do I have to cut each letter out or can I just iron on the whole transfer?
Has anyone used the dark heat transfer on white shirts... If so what was the result?
Hi so how do you transfer this properly, do u take off the backing before of after, and can i use parchment paper in between the iron and transfer?
Can these transfer papers be used for light color shirts as well as dark shirts?
Hope you can help; what is the durability of the transfer once applied?
How can I avoid jamming? Literally every second staple works, really every other works. I possible to work with. Any tips?
How many sheets of 20# paper can the Munix 25153 staple?
Can you staple cardboard shipping boxes?
where is made from
What type of staples would I need to buy?
does this copier have a document feeder
document feeder?
can you refill the ink cartridge in the Kodak esp 3.2
can you refill the ink cartridge
i meant how do i use my kodak esp 3 all in one without color in just black ?
how o i print with only a black ink cartridge in the kodak esp-3 all in one printer?
What colors are included in the 6 piece set? I would like to color coordinate with my binders.
What is it made of??? Fabric or plastic???
I just started my home business and was wondering if these pouches would hold samples of my products to carry with me in a 3 ring binder.
is this an omura product or a BAZIC product?
are these too small for A4 size paper?
How does the quality of the 6 piece set of pencil pouches compare to the 4 piece set? I need to use them for a third grade classroom.
are the dimensions listed here correct? are these pouches 10x8.5? all the other pouches i find are 7x10 but i am looking for something a little bigger
Want to modify existing office desk to standing height. How important are the inside diagonal dowels for structural integrity?
Length,Width and height?
how much does it weigh? I want it for my sister to use in bed, but she can't lift very much.
can it hold a laptop which is 12 pound? i have a alienware 18. LOL
Want to modify existing office desk to standing height. Would be possible to bolt a keyboard tray mount on underside?
I want to use this as a riser for my 46" tv so that I can slide the cable box underneath - is it sturdy enough?
How wide is the solid table surface?
Is there enough room for an average person to sit cross-legged? I intend to use this while sitting on the floor cross-legged.
What screws/dowels were used to assemble this? It didn't come with any screws or anything. Can I go to Home Depot for those items?
What is the total width of this breakfast tray
I ordered this and it is too small. I need the 1 inch cartridge. xl has nothing to do with the size.
Will these work with the HP 7520 printer?
When do they expire?
I want ot start using refillable cartridges and will need to order the ink.I have 7520 hp printer and 564 ink cardr, so I need to know what to order
How many page yield is it per cartridge?
Do these cartridges work with Photosmart 3 in 1 6520 and Photosmart Printer 7560 ?
is this compatible with the HP Photosmart Premium C410a?
is this 3/4" or 1"
How do you get it to turn on? I have connected everything and presses the remote on button but it doesn't' t come on?
Could I connect a Mini Usb to the power adapter, the picture isnt really visible. I am trying to connect it to a laptop to power it. Will be using out
Can I operate this board successfully without the usb controller ? whats the purpose of the usb controller ?
Mine only flashes 2 colors green &amp; red. Also I've tried every button on remote and the lights only blink at different speeds, even on the fade mode.
Do I need to remove the plastic film that is on the screen and write directly on the glass or do I write on the plastic film?
is there a battery power option?
can you see it it in the day good
How do i clean the shadows? I can see everything written on this since i unboxed it. I've used windex water etc.
What is the input(voltage) of the power adapter? Thanks
are these "Fiskars 9528 45mm Rotary Cutter Blades, 5-Pack" the right extra blades for theFiskars 197990-1001 Ergo Control Deluxe Rotary Cutter, 45m
Is there a storage case for the Fiskars 45mm Easy Change Ergo Control Rotary Cutter?
Can this cut straight lines in cardboard?
Just bought this rotary cutter to make quilts...its difficult to cut 2 layers of fabric! What am I doing wrong?
Could I use this to cut card stock paper straight on a desk?
Does this blade retract also when pushed too hard?
Greetings! Is this cable the same thing as an audio cable with both male ends?
This works connecting the calculator to a PC too? Not just calculator to calculator?
Will this enable users to transfer programs as well, or just files?
can this cord link a ti83 calculator to a ti84?
Is this also the cord that links it to a computer?
Will this work with a Ti83+ Silver Edition?
how do you make a duplex copy?
Does this printer come with toner? I see other options but no one is selling them.
how long is the warrenty
does this printer make high quality photo prints?
does the paper tray hold legal size paper?
Does this include a charging base?
Can I use this phone with Skype?
Can this device be used with an open source PBX such as Incredible PBX/Asterik?
Does everyone agree that the Image on this page is a DP715, not a DP710?
Does this BROTHER FAX2840 have a toner and drum unit as part of the purchase, or do I have to purchase all 3 separately??
Can it scan ?
It seems like a change was made to fix the "deep sleep" issue. If you bought between 9/2013 and 12/2013, how are things going?
does it print out a confirmation page?
will a tn 350 toner cartridge work with this fax machine?
dimensions/size of unit
I have a similar question to the one below no one answered. The phone is important too. Can you put people on hold like the older models do?
Can this machine be set up to only fax out? We don't want incoming faxes on it, thx!
what kind of warranty does it have
Can a second paper tray be added and have the machine automatically select between letter and legal size paper?
will it work for my lbp 6000 black ink only printer
Is is suitable for MF3010?
what is the average yield of this cartridge?
Has anyone get this to work with LBP6000? I can't seem to get it to work.
Keep getting no toner left message in lbp6030w. what to do?
Is this compatible with LBP6030w?
Is this suitable for "ImageCLASS MF3010" ? for this one http://www.amazon.com/Canon-imageCLAS...
How do you remove the orange plastic part with the ring on it? I've tugged on it but it doesn't want to come out. I don't want to break it off !!
How many copy can it print?
mine just arrived. there is terrible squeaky sound. Did anyone have that problem?
does it work with Samsung Phones?
Does it work with iPhone 6?
Does is work with kindle fire tablets
What does it print on ? like paper?
If I have a greeting card app on my iPhone, can I print the card on this printer just as well as printing pictures from my phone?
which Iphone number works best with this device..
How much the weight of this printer is
Having trouble getting it to run. Read hall the directions step by step but never passes printing.
How does it work?
is there an adpter for IPhone 5?
Are the armrests detachable?
How high from the ground does the seat adjust to? I have an abnormally high desk, and would need the seat to reach at least 25".
What does upholstered leather mean? Is it real leather?
are these eames replicas? Any warranty?
Need to know if this will roll into a table that has a 27" wide x 27" high opening. It lists the width as 28" - is this the wheel base or arms?
How do you assemble wheels? The wheels keep falling apart from the base.
Is there a manual or something that explains how to make the tilt mechanism work?
I have short legs, will my legs dangle off the chair? How low to the ground does it go?
how deep in this chair where you sit without the back?
What is the width of this chair minus the wheelbase (outside armrest to outside armrest)? What about if you took the armrests off?
Is there a weight limit?
What is the depth and width of the seat of the chair?
does it need to be assembled upon arrival
I am pretty short, 5'4" at 115lbs. Would the height/shape of the backrest be suitable for shorter people who want to take advantage of movable pads?
How do you adjust knee height? The paddle doesn't seem to change it.
does it allow heavy weight
how low does the seat go from the floor to the lowest setting?
Hi! We need an office chair w/ arms that will slide under a pull-out keyboard (no higher than 23.5 from ground. Can this chair?
are the casters safe for wood floors?
What are the dimentions of the seat? Can the seat be adjusted forwards and backwards?
What is the measurement from the ground to the top of the arms at the lowest setting? I want to see if it will fit under my desk.
Are the ribs on the leather made with actual stitches, or are the glued into place (no stitches visible)?
Hi, could you tell if it reclines easy and is it ok for 10 hrs daily work please?
Does it required assembling? If so is it difficult, to many pieces?
Do you have large quantites? I need 35 chairs
What is the lowest height from the floor to the seat,? I notice some of these models have a higher "lowest height" than others.
how deep is the sitting space where you can sit? I had a surgery and I need support my full Thigh. Thanks
what is weight limit
Can I get replacement for the wheels?
Is it high enough to provide head rest / neck support?
When folded, what are the dimensions all the way around (width, height, and depth)? We are designing a built-in desk and need to know if this fits.
How wide is the seat and back? Us "wide loads" need to know before purchasing. That way I will know if I can sit comfortably for hours, or if the arms are going to dig into my thighs. Thanks!
How do I get this chair to sit straight up? It seems to always want to lean back much more than 90 degrees.
How do I adjust the back so it is at a comfortable angle? I just finished assembling the chair, but the back is straight up and down, so it'd very uncomfortable! Please advise! :)
I would like to travel with this chair via car and was wondering what is required to detach the seat from the wheels (without excessive wear &amp; tear).
Do you make a mid-back chair the same way that has a lower folded depth, as I have an armoire desk that is only 21 3/4" depth closed up? I have been looking for years for this type chair.
What is the height of the chair cushion from the floor when in its top most position? I'm tall and have one chair that is 23" &amp; my wife won't share
With the back folded down what is the depth? 27" ?
What is the weight capacity?
I'm concerned about the lack of adjustable depth, since I'm petite. Are any of the reviewers short, and if so, is it still comfy? Thanks!
Do I have the option of not using the arms? Will there be exposed holes?
How do I get tilt to work?
Did this chair come assembled? If unassembled was it difficult to assemble?
What are the height variances of the seat itself? Maximum height and minimum height... (ie. 20" to 26")
How can you attach the wheels so they don't keep falling off?
Is it a white white? My desk is a very white lacquer. Thx reviews!
Is it constructed of metal parts (especially the arm rests) or chrome plated plastic?
Is this real leather or is it leatherette? Description says leather but 1 reviewer complained of smell, said it took over a month to get rid of it.
What is the width of the seat?
Is this real leather or faux leather?
What is the minimum height from the floor to the top of the arm rests? I'm trying to slide this under a low profile desk.
How can I get the directions for the assemblyof this chair?
Does this chair have adjustable heights?
I'm concerned about my hardwood floors. Does this chair have rubber casters or plastic/nylon?
Is there assembly required?
Does this chair tilt?
Does color from blue jeans rub off on the leatherette and stain it?
I'm wondering if someone can tell me the width of the chair from arm to arm and the clearance height of the arms to the floor?
Does the chair's tilting mechanism work? I've got one but the tilting handle does nothing and it nearly flip backward when I lean back. Scary.
what is the backing like on this cabinet
35" white cabinat
I need 3 of these asap. What are the measurements? I need close to 70x24x15
Can you post a photo of the inside please?
How easy is the cabinet to assemble?
what are the measurements of this piece?
Is it possible to see a picture of the inside?
what are the dimensions depth height width.
Can I use this to store a vacuum cleaner and broom closet? I would only want a top shelf.
Do the shelves go across the entire width -- or are the all 1/2 shelves with one long shelf at the top?
What is the height,width and depth?
Are the shelves sturdy enough to hold small kitchen appliances such as a 6QT slow cooker &amp; food processor?
How thick is the wood? 1/2", 3/4"?
what is being done to rectify the packaging problems seen in the reviews (missing parts and damaged material)? Won't order after seeing these reviews.
Can some shelves be moved up or removed to give one section open and the other half with shelves?
How sturdy is the lock? Can it be opened easly when locked?
what type of wood isnit made from
Is this good as a bookcase?
What is the weight capacity for the adjustable shelves?
I want to use this as a storage cabinet for my Dyson battery operated vacuum and other cleaning items. What is the height of the bottom section?
Is it large enough to use with 17 inch laptop?
what are the two adjustable heights that the tray is raised up?
What is the maximum height from bottom of legs to top of the top surface? Also, is it sturdy enough to hold 25-30lbs?
Do legs lock into place?
What is the very lowest height of this computer tray table?
I was thinking of using this on top of my desk at work so I can have the option to stand. Sitting at work for 8hrs is killing me. Would it work well?
Could you use this while sitting in a recliner Lazy Boy chair?
Is the cup holder a mesh material to hold pencils?
What is the wides the legs can get? Im looking to go across a chair from one arm to the other, How many inches apart can the legs be?
what is the lap desk's width??
1. Can the wrist pad(s) be removed? 2. How thick does the desk have to be to mount the keyboard tray?
Does the keyboard tray swivel left to right?
I have a metal desk. Could I attach this using the pieces included?
How large is the mounting bracket?
How wide is the tray with the mouse tray retracted? Willit fir in a 22" space?
Anyone try this on a WF-7010? How well does it work? Easy to install?
I just want to know if i can use sublimation ink for my epson wf7510
Unit installed fine, printed one page fine then quit printing black ink. Everything seems fine, no error messages.
a question can i use this ink for sublimation ?
can this work on the Workforce WF-7610
hi, i wanna know if you have CISS continuos ink system for epson xp 310? thank
If I buy this do I install the ink that comes w/ the printer first, or should I go straight to the CISS. Is it better one way or the other?
I hear that Epson changes chips and codes, so if I go buy a WF 7510 today (Feb 2014), will this system work in it?
The CISS system works with sublimation ink? Can you supply the ink too?
Can you send me instructions on how to install? I'd like to get an idea on how difficult this project is before I purchase.
will this work with canon cp910 selphy?
will this work with CP 800?
Is this a ink and paper cassette?
Will this work with the Selphy CP 900?
What size of pictures does it print?
will the cp400 paper cassette work with the cp800 selphy
will this work with a Canon CP760 Printer?
Is this bookstand strong enough for large textbooks?
Can I use it for standard paperback novels?
Hi, I got the product today, but have trouble open up the support stand behind. Can you instruct me how to open it up? Thank you.
I am looking for a stand that would be good for reading the newspaper while eating dinner at our dining room table. Would this work?
I am in nursing school and most books have a 3" bind and are around 7-10lbs, would this stand be sturdy enough for my books?
Is this item good for heavier paperback textbooks around 800 or so pages?
Would this fold well to put in a booksack?
Can the book holder support the book while writing or highlighting in the upright position?
Would this be a good stand for reading/working in bed?
will this hold my tablet?
What size?
Would it be possible to install this desk without the bottom tray?
Is the top (where the screen goes) sturdy enough to support an all-in-one computer?
Is this difficult to assemble? If yes, what kind of tools are required for assembly?
What are the dimensions of the lower shelf? thanks.
How are you supposed to sit in front of the desk when it has bottom shelf? Where would your feet go? Can you assemble the desk without the bottm shelf
would this desk fit for a 24 inch monitor?
Would desk fit me? Im 6"0.
How tall is the distance between the bottom shelf and the keyboard shelf? We have a 24 in high computer to put down there, my son made it himself
I've lost the assembly instructions, where can I download a copy?
How exactly do you know that the ink is getting low on an already filled cartridge? Do (few lines/part of few lines) get greyed out in between ?
I need to replace ink in HP 61 cartridge, for an Office Jet 4630. Will this ink work?
Is it just me ? i think the ink is a little diluted compared to the original one , i can see the ink getting a little smudged on the paper . ?
Does it work with HP Deskjet D1415? I wish it had a check list like the other refill kits on Amazon
How many mL of ink is included?
how many oz or ml do yuo get?
does this kit have the drooling needle, where you drill a hole into the cartridges?
Will it shred thin cardboard? Example: cereal box
do you have to use the wheels
does it cut paper into confetti-like pieces? I am comparing this model to HSN Embassy crosscut shredder ?
How often should you use a shredder lubricant sheet on it?
Give height and width
How easy it it to empty without making a huge mess? And is basket easy to pull out and is it lightweight?
I'm considering this machine for someone with very poor eyesight. Is feeding paper into it going to be a problem?
How noisy is this item when its shredding? I want one that is on the quieter side rather than loud and obnoxious...
Does this product come with Shredder Oil in the box? Or do I need to buy separate?
how much shredded paper will it hold?
can you connect aa charm to the chain
are the small rings open jump rings?
can you connect a charm to the chain
I don't see where in this order process I supply you with the name, county and date information to go on the stamp. Can you explain?
Is this for Georgia Notary only?? I am an Alabama Notary looking for a stamp.
Also do you provide Notary Seal or as a complete package? A link would be helpful
What email do we send the information to you for the stamp?
Will this work with banner changed frequently (every six weeks) and the banners would be printed on cardstock and not stiff or heavy?
Does this stand hold pole pocket signs only?
Can you disassemble this?
I have a 3' x 1.7' banner that needs to be hung horizontally at a trade show. Will this work for me?
My banners are 30" wide; will they fit on this? What is the width of the bars holding the top and bottom portions of the banner?
I have a vinyl banner with rod pockets on the top and bottom Will I be able to put the bars through my pole pockets?
How many pounds It can hold?
Hi, Can It hold a mirror?
I have a banner that is 36 3/4 wide and 76 tall will this fit this stand? Even though it's slighly bigger?
I just received this banner stand, and the bars that slide into the tube are so thin- How do I attach the banner without tape/rope/tabs/screws etc?
Are these the heaviest duty wheels for the chrome shelves that Costco sells? I have some bent wheels that need replacing. Thanks!!
I have 8 Seville wire shelves that I need to replace the wheels. same dimensions. will these work on Seville?
Where can I purchase the adapters needed for these wheels to fit the trinity table?
Will these casters hold the 600 pounds of weight the Trinity brand casters claim to hold? Are these the authentic Trinity ecostorage castors?
Do these come with the adapter to work with the trinity stainless tables?
Do you think this wheel will scratch hardwood floor?
I am buying the trinity ecostorage 4 tier wine rack which holds 36 bottles of wine. Will these casters support that?
What is the stud size? 3/8 or 1/2"?
It it vupoint 4 or 3?can it scan on a class? Does it come with ac adapter,USB cable and software cd-rom please?
Does the item have to be fed through the scanner or can it scan by passover it?
The wifi scanner works with the phone?
Can you load the scanned doc on to your kindle fire
does this scanner come with any software for file management?
What does the wifi option provide?
Does it do color?
What is the max resolution of scans in dpi? What other resolutions?
Does the scanner or included software have the ability to easily "stitch" together multiple scans of a document too large to scan in one swipe?
what is the slot towards the bottom of the machine for, with the picture of the two arrows and card above it?
Can this read gift cards with chips?
Do I need to buy sim card for this and is the sim card included in it ?
Is this product unlocked?
Is the product unlocked? Does it require a service provider through you or can we use our current provider?
can this be hooked up through a DSL or ethernet connection?
what is the length of each side of the desk from front to back? In other words, how much wall space do I need?
how sturdy is this desk?
Does the back part come to a corner point? The picture appears to be straight parallel to the front top part.
what is the height of the desk?
What is the length of the back part of the desk that faces the corner? And degree of angle of the back edges?
What are the dimensions of the shelves?
what is the size of the actual desk top? (width &amp; depth)
will a 23 inch desktop computer fit on this desk?
Is it made of real wood or partical pressed board? Thanks
When it is shipped, is it dissembled and requires putting together?
is there any difference between this Bluetooth adapter and a regular one(like have one that is plugged into my computer that i use for the mouse)?
The OBi1022 IP Phone says a bluetooth headset can be paired to it, using the OBiBT accessory. I see mixed answers... has anybody actually done it?
how to remove OBI100 and replace with OBI202?
Can I pair my bluetooth headset with the ObiBT? So that I can use my bluetooth headset instead of a traditional phone to make calls over VOIP?
I do not have a land line phone. I want to substitute the cell phone for the land line. Will this device work and with what Obi device
Will the OBiBT along with the OBi1032 allow me to use my bluetooth headsets with the 1032?
Can I use the OBi202/OBiBT to connect my vtech landline phone's Bluetooth input? So I can select BT on the vtech handset to use Google Voice thru Obi?
Can I pair multiple(2 minimum) Cell phones with Obi200 + ObiBT combination ? I want both connected and call from either of the paired Cell can be received on Cordless. I understand, when any Cell is active/in-call other wont ring my Cordless. Thanks...
The OBi manual says this can be used with 1032 phone for a wireless headphone. Nowhere on Amazon does it says it is possible. Anybody know FOR SURE?
can i make and receive calls with a extra smartphone that is not hooked up to any serverce via bluetooth?
Is the back of this cabinet finished?
what are the dimensions?
where can I order a replacement drawer front
what is the depth?
How many inches between shelves? Need to know how tall a shoe can be accommodated.
What is the name of the brand? Is it "Furniture of America"?
Are these labels removable?
Will these work in the Dymo XL? Do they have the holes between labels as required for the XL?
Do these labels stick as well as the DYMO-branded labels? I ask because sometimes I use the labels on fabric... like as a temporary name badge.
Could you tell me if the zippered compartment is large enough to hold an iPad air?
Is the zippered compartment inside the briefcase large enough to hold an iPad air? What are the dimensions of this compartment?
Is the binder ring removable?
is the stand sturdy enough for someone to draw with? Looking for something to hold and cool my MS Surface Pro tablet at the same time.
does this fixed a 17.3 laptop
Is this one fit for laptop 17''? Mine is 17.3'' and I heard that it's pretty small
does anybody know how far the feet stick up on the ERGO 360? my 16" HP g7 is only 1" thick. i'm wondering if they will interfere with typing.
Will this work with HP Photosmart 6520?
Will this fit the HP photosmart plus B209a all in one wireless printer
what is the expiration date on these cartriges
Why does it say I can't use with my photosmart 5520. I have been using this
why does this say it won't work with my printer if my printer uses 564 cartridges, aren't all 564 cartridges the same?
What printer does the hp 564 ink fit?
Do I need a separate black cartridge as well?
Going through the questions on will it work....It says NO to my HP photosmart 7520, but that is IN-CORRECT, this is the correct ink for that printer?
Amazon says these won't fit a HP 7520e but I don't have an e just 7520.
Will this work with my HP Photo Smart 6525? I didn't see the model listed. Are they 3 separate cartridges?
Can the seat be easly re-upholstered?
what is the height?
Is this stool 19 inches tall or 21 inches tall?
how tall is it?
What are the smallest and largest diameter circles?
Why is this ten dollars more than the ring sewing ruler? It looks the same...
Can anyone tell me what is the maximum circumference this will accommodate?
Is this the one ring that rules them all?
Is this standard or metric?
Would this be suitable for painting circles on wood? I'd need something that sits firmly on the wood without a gap.
Will this copier work with out a computer?
Does this printer need a chord, or can it print wirelessly
Is the scanner large enough for 9x12 images?
What ink cartridges does it take?
is this scanner windows 8 compatible?
What is the number of the ink cartridge that this Pixma mp230 uses? Has anyone used a cartridge refill kit succesfully?
Is there a paper tray that you load with paper, or does it ONLY accept paper through the fold-out paper feeder on the back edge?
Does this printer duplex print (both sides of paper in one print job)?
Is the printhead a replaceable part?
Can you tell me the inside measurements of the top and bottom shelves? I need to be sure my printers will fit inside them.
What is the width of the desk?
if you put two of these units together, would the desk top be flush with one another? or would there be a gap?
How tall is the area between the desk and bottom shelf?
What are the inside dimensions of the desk section where the chair would be? How tall is the desk section?
what's the size of this desk?
What are the dimensions?
How much weight will this desk support?
Are the legs also particle board?
Is this desk also finished and looks good from the back side /side that is against the wall? Also, is the color of the wood in picture, true?
Measurements of desk?
Is this made of solid/real wood or particle board with a laminate finish?
Is the "Flip-down/slide-out shelf for keyboard/mouse" a true keyboard/mouse tray, if so what is width, does flip down door lay flat with tray surface?
What do you think the maximum weight capacity would be for this chair? I am between 250-260 and want to make sure it would be ok for a few hrs/day.
Does this chair recline? Have you noticed the wheels collect lint from the carpet and jam up at all? Do the wheels come loose ever?
Do you ship to Hawaii? I couldn't find that info on your shipping policies page.
What's the max seat to floor? I'm looking for at least 21"
Can someone please let me know what is the depth of the table (where the monitor sits)?
How is the desktop attached? If I needed to move the desk, is it easily disassembled?
Is it really all made of wood or is any of it made from particle board?
To assemble the desk is it best to use a battery-powered screw driver or will a regular screw driver be okay?
Will a computer tray fit under the desk below where the monitor is pictured here? How big is that space under monitor from cabinet over to shelve?
What is the length of the shelves?
Is the back side of this desk finished? Was thinking about facing it outward...not against the wall. Thanks!
Would this desk fit a corner with one side 57" and the other side 43"?
how many drawers does it have
Can you paint this desk?
my height is 6' 2''. Can I use this chair????
what customer weight can this chair handle? I'm over 100 kg. thanks
is it adjustable for different body sizes? I'm 5'3"
This chair is designed to rock forward and back, correct? This seems an unnecessary feature... isn't that annoying for a work desk?
Does the chair arrive assembled? If not, how much assembly is required? Are the tools provided? How long should assembly take?
Does the chair arrive assembled? If not, how much assembly is required? Are the tools provided? How long should assembly take?
I just got this chair, and it makes my butt fall asleep after about 10 minutes. Does this happen to anyone else? I'm 5'3" and 110 lbs.
would leather upholstery make the seat less comfortable and the knee parts also? Is the fabric softness an advantage to comfort?
My office desk is 29" high. Would it be possible if I were to use this chair, my arms parallel to ground to access keyboard. How high is the seat?
What is the width of the the chair, seat height and length? The given dimensions don't say which is which.
Are these compatible for use with chalk pens or just regular chalk?
Can they be used as "free standing" signs? To clarify, can I write on them and not clip them to anything, just have them set on a table top (to label food)
Do the 2.75 L x 2 W Inch dimensions INCLUDE the clip, or just the chalkboard dimensions?
Is this for top tear checks, or side tear checks?
can it hold a register
Does this check book have the"plastic" to separate duplicate checks? Thanks!
what is the overall size and does it have alphabet tabs?
when open, does the book lay completely flat??
What size
How many entries places in book
How many pages per letter tab?
how many addresses does it hold?
are the pages thin paper or more like card stock? I'm looking for a thicker paper?
Is it flat? helpful in traveling with small briefcase?
is there an area to record holiday cards?
Does it have a spot to list birthdays and anniversaries
MG5320
can this use for pixma mg5420 printer
Are these compatible with my Canon MX922?
Will these work for the Canon MG5420?
Does it fit MG5420
how is the faX FEATURE
Can you feed multiple pages at once for scanning?
How to connect IPad to printer wireless?
Does the ADF scan/fax duplex automatically?
can you make business cards with this printer
How do you fix a paper jam?
Does this come with ink?
how is the faX FEATURE
Do I have to have a home phone to fax with the Canon PIXMA MX 439?
Do I need a dedicated phone line for this printer?
Does this machine really punch and then bind, or is it 2 separate steps? When I have used binding machines in the past it was a 2 step process...
Can you punch holes on report covers that are made of plastic?
I am making a 30 pages thin booklet. Can I use 3/16" comb for this machine? Thanks.
Is is possible to adjust how far from the edge the holes are punched? I have another machine that punches too close to the edge...
Can someone tell me what length the binding takes up passed the edge of the paper. I need to fit this on a book with a perfectly fitted storage box.
Is this machine limited to plastic comb binding? I'd like to use twin wire binding, can this handle that?
will it work in making 5 1/2 x 8 1/2 booklets
Can I bind a 5.5" by 8" document?
Can you use the spiral with this type of holes?
Can someone provide a link to the 3/4" comb referenced in the description of this product? I want to make sure I don't get the wrong ones.
Does it have a weight limit? Does anyone know what it is?
Would it work for someone over 6'3"?
Is it a true orange or more red orange?
How do I pump up the chair? Do I take out the green stopper then try to attach a bicycle pump. it didn't seem to work. where do I find the appropriate attachment that allows pumping?
It looks like there is no cushioning at all - is it hard to sit for any length of time on it? Do they sell seat-top cushions for it?
How can we get one in the uk?
Does this ship inflated or deflated? Does it include everything you need to inflate if you need to do that? Thanks!
weight limit warranty ?
Do I have to buy a pump to put air into it?
What height is the best for this chair? Is there a way to make it higher or lower depending on your desk height or the persons height?
A question to reviewers having issues with "collapsing" of the (Ergo Seat) product: have you tried to inflate the chair back to the original shape? I believe that one of the reviewers mentioned this capability. Thx
is this self weeding paper
Can you use this with a household iron or do you need a heat press? Can this be used on light tan colored cotton? Thanks, in advance
Now when I say Office sized. I mean a Sharp MX-5111N PCL6 , can you google it and ensure that this will work? If not I will just purchase inkjet sheet
Is this 8.5 x 11 sizer paper? And I can user this with a office sized laser printer?
How big is the three ring binder?
Is the 3 ring binder removeable?
Which of the two different products you are showing in the open portfolio pictures will I actually get.
What is the ring size? 1", 1 1/2", 2" - not the binder dimensions but the ring diameter?
Are there outside pockets where handles are to store notebook or tablet? Thanks
how big are the rings?
Do these replace Epson's DURAbright 126 and 127 cartridges?
Hey guys, can you tell if after a year these are still working good? i'm afraid cause when the cartridges don't fail, usually the ink clogs the head??
What assurance do you offer that your cartridges will work in the listed Epson printers?
Epson WF-7520 is compatible to this ink? I have the WR-7520 refill cartridge would this ink work also
How much print I can get with black when it's full &amp; how much colour prints i can get also.
How much ounces or pounds this package weight?
Can you just buy the ink after you buy the kit and how much is it?
How high are the lips of the 4 shelves? ( It looks like the bottom lip is shorter than the other three.)
Can I customize what it says on the bottom?
Does this fold down flat like the larger ones?
will this rack hold greeting cards
Is this stable enough to display matted photography prints?
what are the complete dimensions for this rack?
Can this be wall mounted?
my lexmark x3350 priter will not work my window8 computer. will this printer work .
Is this printer Compatible with a Mac?
Can you print directly from an iphone 4s
How tall is the stool?
What colors does it come in?
how much weight will stool hold
Are the edges level with the glass so that I can scan a larger painting flat against it or are the beveled outward?
Does the scanner accept Mac OS X 10.9.4?
what is the largest document size you can scan?
will this take a 16" x 11.7" and reduce it?
Does this scanner work with Mac OS 10.9.5 and Windows 8?
Does anyone know if this scanner is compatible with Windows 7 64 bit systems?
Does it run QUIETLY...as I work late late at night...
can you scan multiple pictures
Will this scanner scan 12 x 12 pages?
When you scan a book page, or pages, can you press down on the book to get the pages reasonably flat on the glass, does this affect the scanner in any way? A reviewer of a competitor's product complained that pressing down on the glass caused it to...
how long does starter cartridge last
How often or how many pages (approx) does the toner cartridge require changing? Has anyone had problems using off-brand cartridges other than Canon?
Does it print two sides?
does it scan in color
Does this printer have an open front feeder that I can easily insert checks/envelopes. I don't want to have to open up a tray every time. Thanks
Does WIRELESS mean no wire to a router? My router is in another room.
Does this work with macs?
Is this model compatible with MS Windows 8??
Doe this printer work with Windows 8.1
Can you copy legal sized documents by feeding through the auto feeder since the bed only takes 8.5 x 11?
One review says someone prints off their ipad but this device does not appear to have airprint capabilities. Is there a way around this?
What is the Canon toner model number that this printer uses?
is it compatible with Mac
does the printer come with a ink cartridge?
does the printer do multi page scanning?
Does this make double-sided copies?
can you scan and copy leagal size paper?
How well does it work with envelopes?
Is it Windows 8 compatible?
I have a Mac desk top. A reviewer stated that he could not scan to the Mac with this machine. Is this true?
Does it work with Mac computers? I saw it supports Windows XP, etc.
Does thie machine have the ability to act as a scanner for a PC? It doesn't look like it. I don't see a Scan button on top.
is there a manual to know how to operate machine
can it take a 2 sided document and make a 2 sided copy
Am I able to fax multiple pages at once (up to 50 pages to one fax number at a time? Is this able to send and receive faxes using a telephone line?
do you have to hook it up with computer or you can fax with phone line without the computer
can this copier be used for industrial purposes?
Is the machine shipped with toner?
does this fax machine have incoming call auto detect i.e. sharing one line for voice and fax and automatically detect a fax vs. voice call?
Can it be hooked up as a "dual line" with an answering machine, so people can leave a message or send a fax on the same single phone number? Thanks.
does usb cable and toner included in the printer&#xFF1F;Or i need to buy&#xFF1F;
Monochrome
A driver for OS X Yosemite?
Is toner included
I really liked the first one! However used it a lot, just bought the other and I keep getting paper jams followed all directions cant fix Help!
What type of toner can I use for this printer?
is it wireless
Does the unit need to be plugged into a computer or can it be plugged straight into the network hub?
Is Dual Side Printing automatic? I.e. no hands?
What kind of USB cable? Does it have two identical ends that plug into 2 ports, or is one end like you need for an inkjet printer?
does it do color printing
is this printer compatible with a mac version 10.6.8?
Can this be used standalone as a copier with no computer connected?
what printer cable do i need?
Does this printer print double sided?
does the printer have the paper feeder
What sort of experiences (good and bad) have owners had with remanufactured or compatible toners. What I want to find is whether there is a reliable supplier seller of good aftermarket toner cartridges for this printer.
Is it suitable to copy a big college text book? How could I copy the book with two-side page?
will this work on a Mac Computer
does it print both sides?
does it have a belt clip or do you have a holster for it
Does the pager actually work
Do you have the dimensions if this pager? Thanks!
Can we get a demo video to show me this exact item please?
how is it activated
where can I get service for this pager
Do you have a 43" Burgundy rope ( RP2MRKBR03 ) ?
do you have a 60-inch version?
Does this also come with the stans?
Can this rope be sized down easily? Also I need to connect this between two walls, do you have the matching hardware to do this? Thank you,
i need this by friday I am in edison, nj? can you expedite this?
How thick of a pencil will it sharpen? I need to sharpen the thick beginner pencils used in kindergarten.
I feel stupid but I can not find a "collection cup" to empty . Where is it?
why my royal p70 sharpener will not sharpen my pencils to a point?
Can it sharpen triangular shaped pencils?
What is the power rating?
I use Conte Pastel pencils and will not fit in a standard sharpener. Will this sharpener work with these pencils? Pencils are 5/16 or 1 cm thick.
Is it 220/110 Volt?
will this sharpen crayons?
can you use colored pencils? can it sharpen triangular pencils (thick ones)?
what is the ink refill part number for the Rollerball
the ink color included with the pen is it blue ? and what is the refill part number so i can find out the cost for each refill .
Is there a blue ink color of this pen or black writing?
Will this stand work with a 13" Macbook Air (the newest model)?
How much height does it add at the back? I have a Macbook Pro 13"
How wide are the legs? I want to actually slide my laptop keyboard 'under' the cross bar and set my separate keyboard on top.
Does it work just as well without extending over the edge of the desk? F'rinstance, simply resting on a flat surface with no overhang?
What is the melting point? Was wondering about keeping these with my CERT gear in a closed car, possibly for months at a time.
What colors come in the assortment?
Hi, I am wondering if there is a pen holder per each color, or just one pen holder that you fill with the colors as you used them.
Are these pens the same as the chinagraph/grease pen?
Could these be used on hide? Would you be able to wash off the hide by using a grease busting soap?
What is compatible woth the lexmark Prospect Pro 205
I have been told by an ink refill store Lexmark has added microchips and isn't possible, Anyone know?
can I refill these cartidges
will these cartigages work with a " firmware update"???
DO YOU RE-SET THE CHIPS so that the printers sees a FULL CARTTRIDGE?
Is this compatible with the lexmark Genesis S816
this seems like really good deal are they full of ink
Is this compatible with Lexmark printer: interpret s405?
Are these cartridges are genuine Or Compatible.?
Are these cartridges compatible for Lexmar P901 printer?
Does my pager have a phone number?
if they activate it with a phone number, is there a monthly charge then?
Can you program 155.16000 our tone is 107.2 PL
Does this receive College Football scores? Does it work nationwide?
could you program this with a fire dept. frequency instread of news and weather? and woudl a fire frequency send me info about the calls?
Does this model allow you to load multi-photos but scan only selected items?
Does this scanner work with Mac?
What digital format is the image returned in, i.e., GIF, JPEG,..?
Is this scanner compatible with Window 8?
How long does it take to scan a simple 5x7 color photo?
Does it scan hand drawn art work well? If so what is the maximum size it can scan?
Does this scanner scan multiple page documents well?
how does it work with a Mac?
I have a 14x20 paper but only need to scan 11x17 and I don't want to do two separate scans to make one image.How big is the scan/glass surface?
After scanning what do u do.
is it fine or medium
can you please tell me if this item can be engraved prior to me ordering it thanks
can you change the ink from medium to fine point black prior to shipping?
CAN YOU PERSONALIZE THE CLIP ON THIS PEN?
does this come with a case?
does this come in a box?
How does one order a gel ink refill???
What refill does it take?
Will it slide into the loop of a check book cover?
Does anyone know if the gel ink refills for these click top pens will also work/fit in the tradition Cross Classic Century ballpoint pens?
How do you open the pen to refill it?
they are made in china
Is this particular pen manufactured in China? I've noticed that some of the Cross products that are not made in the usa, are of vastly inferior qualit
Do your scan pages are word editable document after scanning them?
will it scan id cards from the same access as the business cards ?
does it work with chrome?
Will it scan multiple pages into one PDF document?
Does this scan front and back in a single pass?
will this scanner work with monogrome or gray scale?
Does the scanner include Readiris Pro 14 software?
Will this unit scan checks?
Do you have MicroSDcard&amp; SDcard adaptor for this Iriscan anywhere 300dpi color wire less mobile scanner of 50 o more Gigas ?
I have an iMac without a CD player, is a CD player required to set up, or can software be downloaded online. is this device compatible with Mac
I took my empty Epson cartridges to Costco and had them refilled but now I can't get them to work in my Workforce 610, I'm concerned these won't work either. Any suggestions?
doese this work in a epson cx8400
There is a clear covering over the nozzle. Should I remove the covering or put it in with nozzle still covered?
Will they work with an NX415?
I have an Epson Workforce 610. It "works" but only for Cyan and Yellow. The Black and Magenta does not show up. Any tips?
Workforce 610. The color cartridges are fine but the black is not printing right (Missing lines). Head cleaning doesn't work, any workaround/fix?
this will work for epson cx6000?
does this work in a epson stylus cx6000?
Will these work in an Epson Workforce 615??
I can not get these cartridges to work. when i first put them in the quality was not great, but they are getting worse. Help!!
What does the SY stand for (SY for V525w/V725w, Black)?
Has anyone purchased this for the Dell V525W All-in-one ink jet printer? If so, does it work?
What is the definition of "Single Use?"
What are the seat dimensions? I'm trying to figure out if these would fit 4 or 6 at our table.
Can you put casters on the bottom of these?
Are the colors online true to actual color? I'm hoping that the green is like a seafoam or mint green
I browse internet and play games while sitting in a recliner and needs this to put my keyboard and mouse on it. will it be the best choice for my use?
Is this item bare natural wood? I want to stain it to a dark color that matches my desk and shelves.
Does it has legs ?
How long and wide does it measure?
do u think i can use this on a computer chair to game with mouse and keybord
I want to use both a keyboard and a mouse on my lap -- it has to rest on the lap, not chair arms. Pillow types are too thick. Would this work?
Hello, would this work when Im laying sitting upright in bed? I use my lap top in bed. Or is it better designed for sitting in a chair situation?
Is it sturdy enough to use as a dinner and drink tray?
Would this desk work on a wheelchair?
I assume it's just the bare board on the underside, as well? No bean bag type filling since it doesn't sit in your lap?
No indication of how long each roll of this is. Only Item Weight 1.6 ounces Product Dimensions 4.1 x 3.5 x 2 inches Anyone? Thks
can this be used for a dymo m-5
I'm confused. The picture and initial description show red, green, and blue. But in technical details it says black. So, what is it?
Will this fit my DYMO LETRA TAG
will this tape fit my 1570 and is this a self adhesive tape ? Richard
DOES THIS TAPE FIT THE 1570
Will this tape work with Dymo Organizor 1610?
Do you really get all 3 colors for this price??
How heavy is the unit?
Does this product hold more than 1 monitor?
When typing on the keyboard, how much does it shake the stand? Is the shaking much different between the up and down modes?
Does it work with an Imac
Does this have a set up to handle dual monitors? If so, is there a size limit on the monitors?
Does this work for 25 inches DELL mornitor with curvy back?
Can the largest size Mac be mounted on the Kangaroo Pro Junior?
Will these work on a epson wf3540?
Has anyone tried this with wf-3520 (not 520)? Tks!
are these refillable?
Will these work with the Epson Workforce 435 model?
Does anyone have an 845 model that they have used these cartridges on?
work with wf-3530?
Is each cartridge packed separately in a vacuum-sealed pack ? Also, is there a shelf-life of these cartridges i should know about ?
i needepsonwf2530ink
Will these inks be a good idea for professional artist quality prints?
Does it work with the Epson NX430
For some reason, it is not working for my epson nx 130. the paper goes in but it comes out blank?
I was using this in my Epson NX430 and they were working fine. Then all of a sudden my printer will not recognize them?
are these cartridges refillable?
Does this work with NX230?
Can these cartridges fit inside the Epson Stylus NX127 ???
It is not completely clear to me by the description - are these cartridges full or empty?
are these the equivalent to the 200 XL or the smaller version
I need ink for epson 1430 and im confussed which generic ones work..
Does anybody know how long unused ink cartridges last for? Do they go bad? I ask cuz this is a lot of ink and it will take awhile to use it up. Thx
Do these fit the Epson WF 2540
Can this work for epson stylus nx130
does this work on the epson stylus NX420
Does these work on Workforce 645?
As of Feb, 2015, these cartridges are no longer recognized by my Epson WorkForce WF-3540. Has anyone else experienced this problem?
are these for workforce 845 and what is capacity?
Does it work for Epson Workforce 7520
Is there an expiration date on these cartridges? I don't use color very often so the 2 sets of color could last me for for a 2-3 years
Are these original Epson cartridges or are they some other non-oem cartridges that have been cleaned and refilled?
Does these work with the XP410 ?
Has anyone used this product on a WorkForce 845 printer, and did this ink work fine?
I only need black - have a backup of colored ink from my previous order. Can I just order black ink for my WF845?
will the work with my Epson WF- 7510
does it work in wf-3540?
does it work in epson wf-3540?
will this work for EPSON workforce 635?
Do I remove the tape on top of the cartridge?
Is this cartridge filled with ink or do you need to fill it before use?
Will this fit Epson Workforce 630?
what is the warranty? What if the ink harms the printer?
The phrase "1 Pack , 1 Black of Total 5 Remanufactured..." is very confusing. Do you get just 1 black cartridge or 5 carts (colored carts) as well?
WF3540 users -- can you comment on how these function long term in your printers? Thanks in advance!
Will these remanufactured cartridges work in an Epson Stylus NX430 printer?
will this work in Epson XP- 810
how is Kodak replacement
On receiving and before installing it says to pull tab. What it does not say if to remove the entire sticker which would reveal the holes on the top.
There is a small plastic cover on the bottom where the ink comes out. Are we supposed to remove this as well? (Inktoneram remanufactured cartridges)
How do you return these under warranty? I bought these 5 months ago and neither of the black cartridges work. Amazon said that is past the return wind
Will these work for my Epson WF-7520?
845 compatibility?
does it work with the wf2530
is the ink waterproof like the oem
(1) I just got the Epson Wf-3520 and it says I can use the 126 or larger capacity 127 cartridges. The new printer comes with the 126. How much larger are these Inktoneram 127 cartridges?
I replaced 2 of the original manufacturer's color cartridges with these today. Print quality was awful. What could I have done wrong?
Will your ink cartridge hurt my Brothers MFC-495CW printer? I ordered you by mistake but I'm happy if it won't hurt the printer
How many cartridges are really in this item? is it as shown 14 cartridges?
the black colour not printing, i don't know if it dry, what do u think? i get prints but not printing well as if am still using the old cartridge
What are the details about the one year warranty?
Will it work with Epson Workforce 3540?
will these work with epson workforce 315??
will work with workforce 610
2 questions: 1) is this cartridge black &amp; white? 2) Will it work with Epson Workforce 3520?
Are these cartridges refillable ?
Do these really work in the Epson Workforce 545 printer?
One of the cartridges I receiced is defective. How can I recieve a replacement?
What kind of ink is this -- pigment or dye?
Does NX330 recognize these cartridges without having to do printer gymnastics?
Are these compatible with the EPSON STYLUS PHOTO RX580?
do they come filled or do you need to fill them
Is this ink pigment based or dye based?
do these work on 564 xl
does this work on epson workforce 630
nx330
will these work on nx430?
does these inks works with Epson WF 3520? and do they have chips as my printer current ones are chipped
Will these work with the Epson Work Force-3540?
Anybody ordered these recently and have a hole on the front of the cartridge? When you remove the yellow tape (as shown) ink spurts out...
Is there a link to install these ?
I bought the 10 pack one and all of them went pretty well until I changed the blue cartilage. It doesn't work at all no matter how I tried it.
Will they work in the Epson Workforce 645 printer?
WILL THESE WORK IN MY COMPUTER?
I know this is going to sound stupid, but do they come with ink in them?
has the computer chip been reset on these cartridges? thanks
will these work in an Epson Stylus NX 230?
would these inks worked with workforce 323/325 series?
Do Generic Remanufactured Ink Cartridges Replacement for 125 have an active chip with expiration date; therefore, what is the shelf life.
Does this work with the epson expression home xp 310?
Does it work for the NX 625?
Will it work with Epson Workforce 615?
are they compatible with Epson Workforce 545?
my printer will not recogonize these cartridges. Any advise?
will it work with epson nx330?
Is this ink "Pigment ink" like the original durabrite inks that come with the Epson Workforce WF-7010? Or are they dye inks?
will this work in my epson workforce 630 printer
will it work for epson workforce 545? thanks in advance!
Inktoneram Remanufactured Ink Cartridges High Capacity Replacement for 126 (2x Black, Cyan, Magenta, Yellow, 5-Pack) only $5.51 wiht ink in it?
Hi, I have an Epson Workforce wf-3530. The printer take 126 ink, my model isn't listed but will this product work since it is the 126 ink type?
Does it have the ability to enlarge or reduce images?
I have a home office, I need to print black/white, then color, then an envelope.. can this printer do that?
Which printers can still print B&amp;W even with low color cartridges?
What is the cost of printing / page
ink usage
Can you print in economy mode all the time or do you have to tell it to do it each time? Can you scan books/thick materials?
I need to know please if this printer has 2 paper trays and can one of the paper trays hold 8 1/2 x 14 paper or do you have to load from the rear?????
mac compatable
How many pages can this printer print off with the ink provided? I have been doing some research on lasers, but stumbled across this inkjet. :)
what is the scanner quality?
What's the difference between the WF-2530 and the WF-2540 ??????????? They seem to be thw same, but 2530 is a little cheaper - why??
Does this work with an IPad or IPhone ?
Does it work on Google Chrome?
scan resolution
does it come with ink?
How is the ink cost/usage?
I replaced my HP desktop with a ASUS laptop Model A54C. I tried downloading my HP software for my printer (not wireless) in my laptop and in the end it said that it wasn't compatible. How do I know if the Epson Workforce would be compatible to this...
Does this item come with an ink cartridge?
Can this copy legal size documents?
Will one machine work with Windows and Mac? Alternating between usage. The Mac has Intel inside and the PC is Wiindows XP.
How high is step from floor and height of handle?
Does the handle fold down?
How much weight does it hold?
Made in USA or China?
Is the rubber free of bad smell?
Weight capacity?
What are the dimension? The base needs to be less that 16 inches
What is the weight limit?
What height is the step from the ground
One person says it is 6" high and the other says it's 9" high. I would only want 9". How high is it.
what is the shelf life for the your tn350
will this work with brother 2270?
I just bought this and is making a loud noise when printing. Im planing in returning it asap. Please let me know if there is something I can do before
Im 6'3 Is this chair comfortable for tall people because i often find chairs dont work for me unless they have very high backs and good long seats.
Does this chair tilt? It's supposed to. Confused by a review that says it doesn't
what's the min-max height of the base ?
How wide is it?
does the chair get hot after a while, im so close to buying the chair and i see it has mesh but i live in GA so i need to make sure
what is the height of the chair from the floor to the seat in lowest and highest positions
Some people have complained about the padding going bad within a few months. Whats your experience? For how long have you had it?
How do you put this together? No instructions included in mine and seemingly no way to acquire them.
does this chair adjust to differ highs
Do the arms raise completely flush with the seat or does a little stick out?
can i use generic ink cartridges?
How would you rate customer support? And, does printer still operate if one cartridge is low?
How is the scanner for photos?
work with mac ox 10?
How can I scan one sheet on the flatted and another one on the feeder and save it on a same document?
Does this printer allow you to print even if one cartridge has become empty? There have been complaints about the HP officejets not allowing this.
Will this printer print high-quality photos on photo paper?
On Avg, how many pages can you print on one cartridge set?
What is the width of this printer? The dimensions are not clear is the width first or second? I know the height is usually last.
Can you print a single envelope without pulling out all the paper?
can you print custom size paper on this printer
Can I print to the CD tray from Photoshop?
Can anybody tell me if the scanner can be used from an ipad?
I can only print 4 or 5 5x7 color photos. Is this normal? It is an ink hog even in black. Any settings I need to change?
Can I use it as plun play or do I have to do the Cd set up first?
What versions of the Mac OS work with this printer? For example, does Mac OS 10.5 work with it, or does the Mac required to have OS 10.6 and above?
Can this printer be wired to desktop rather than operation wireless only?
Will printer work if photo paper tray is pushed all the way in or if removed, so that there is more room when handling the regular paper tray?
Can you tell me how good the Epson tech support service is? Currently use Brother &amp; theirs support is excellent
is this printer appropriate for copying watercolor art?
This printer seems to use just three colors in addition to black. Does this produce a quality color print?
We replaced the cartridges for the second time, and now we can't print anything anymore. All that comes out is a bunch of lines, not even black...
Does this printer use a lot of ink?
Will it work for card stock?
Will it work with only black ink - I do not do much color = some printers will stop unless all colors are full
Does the paper load from the back? Does that add extra height to the dimensions advertised?
can I use this printer to print from 3 different computers?
Can this printer enlarge and reduce images when used in the copier mode?
Will it accept CF cards?
How well does it print #10 envelopes? How are they fed into printer?
Can a math major student use its scientific calculator?
How does its scientific calculator work? I don't see scientific functions like sine, cosine, logarithms and so on
can I speak a word in English and get back a translation in French or must I input via a keyboard?
are batteries included
Is the typying clear and defined. e,i. Does it type what you put in and not miss certain letters. How durable is this item. Who are TRANO, I have never heard of them. These type of electronic dictionaries try to do too much
how big is this device I need to know the size
can you speak into this and then hear back??? why is that not part of the info about this!!!! very critical to know this!
What is the source of power? AAA Batteries?
Does it have a Cyrillic keyboard ? In case I know the spelling but not the meaning of the word.
can it translate for watching television?
Can it work without batteries? Can I plug it in?
is the batteries rechargeable
what is the actual size of the T-11 Russian English Electronic Translator? Also, does this translator translate without talking?
is there a way to contact manufacturer so i can ask questions about this product?
is it as simple as speaking into it and it translates into target language or do you have to select a phrase stored in memory?
if i wanted to add more dictionaries from my computer will i be able to do that? I have some specific dictionaries that i'd like to use can i download them to this one?
does it support different dictionary formats?
whats the difference between T11 and T9?
Can you put a plastic bag in it to collect the paper and make it easier for disposal?
Is it fairly small? I need one that is not very big so I can hide it in a more frequented place in my house. Thanks
I bought this shredder a few weeks ago through Amazon and noticed that it is cutting strips 2 inches long which I can clearly read. Is this normal?
Can the shred head be used on other garbage cans? I would like to find one I could adapt for a larger can.
does it have wheels?
What are the dimensions of this shredder?
how many minutes of shredding can you complete before the machine shuts down due to overheating &amp; how long is the cool down period?
how much does the basket hold?
Is using oiling sheets as good as using oil?
what is the waranty
Do you recommend using bags? If so, what kind?
Does this shredder have a pull out drawer or do I have to pull up the top?
can you get parts it needed
How easy is the shredder to maintain? Applying oil?
Is there any difficulty with installing the shredder? How about the casters?
Is there an indicator on the shredder when it needs 20 minute cool down? How do you know? 10 minutes can fly by when shredding.
How quiet is this shredder compared to the 79Ci?
Is this phone wall mountable (KX-TG454 (SK)
Do these handsets have a 3.5 mm jack for plugging in a headset?
Does each handset have to be wired to telephone outlet? Or just the base one?
Do these Handsets have "Hands Free" Speaker Fone Mode" on them ? where u dont have to hold the Fone to your ear. But hear the Caller thru a Speaker
Does this phone have a battery back up? Will I be able to use it if the power goes out?
DOES IT WORK WITH 220V
does this system allow for bluetooth use with the land line
Does this phone come with belt clips
can u connect to a home phone line over internet or is it cell phone connection only
Are the keys rubber or smooth material?
Is this plastic or metal ?
Could this be used to hang large retractable dog leashes?
How do you fix it to wall?
How wide is is it?
Can the phone connect to a headset?
can i get sms messages this phone? im in usa. and im gonna use this phone as landline
Will this work in Mexico using SIM card from Telcel company? Or any other SIM card?
Is there any indicator to notify if there is voicemail on the cell network?
Can i use this with 240v
Is there a dial tone when you pick up the handset?
I have few questions &amp; appreciate your help : Is this phone unlocked ? Does it work in Iraq? work on WIFI? is there speed dial function?
Do you have to have a cell phone plan with this? Can it just run off of wi-fi?
Can I connect another regular phone to it to use in another room
I see a phone book button, will the numbers stored on sim card display AND can the number be autodialed?
How is the height of the chair? Is it adjustable at all? I'm 5' 2" and want to use at my work desk.
Can you buy a replacement pump?
What is the total height of the chair ? Is 17.5 inches the height of the ball or the chair with the legs ?
Can you put roller casters on the chair, instead of the fixed ones so that you can move the chair around while sitting on it?
Does it deflate often? How often do you have to re-inflate it?
Is this used like a exercise ball for sit ext
How to clean/remove stains?
How tall
Do these come with casters? Is that possible?
Height info please ... what's seat height when sitting on it? I'm 5'4" and currently using 19" task chair @ 28" table. Thanks -
I saw this chair at Cosco recently ($99) &amp; it was quite comfortable. It felt too short even though I'm 5'4". Any taller people using it?
I'm baaaaack ... still considering this chair. Is the 'mesh cover' a removable fabric affair? If so, is it washable? Thanks.
is this chair appropriate for young children? say 6-9?
can you use printer without colored ink cartridges
About how many 8"x10" color prints can you typically print with this multi-pack, assuming the photos used equal amounts of each color?
What happened to the ink cartridges that were supposed to last extra long? I do not find them anywhere.
how do you disable the information that the ink is out and print anyway?
Hi, i am from Latin America, i have XP-702 this work on that printer? thanks.
ok for epson xp-600 printer
how can I use up the PBK. I have 2 of them and my BK is empty?
Can you replace the 273 with the 273XL ink cartridge?
Are these GENUINE Epson cartridges or some other brand?
Is this the large BK cartridge? Or the smaller PBK cartridge?
how many pages can be printed with this ink cartridge?
I am low on black ink -- all the color cartridges are almost 100% full. QUESTION: CAN I JUST REPLACE THE BLACK CARTRIDGE -- INSTEAD OF ALL OF THEM?
This is the 273-I Double BK BLACK cartridge? or the Single 273 PBK BLACK cartridge? I'm looking for the 273-I BK BLACK CARTRIDGE
Explain the difference between the 4 prices you list for Epson T273020 Epson Claria Premium 273 Standard-capacity Black Ink Cartridge
Does this fit the Epson XP-600?
How many pages will it print?
is it genuine epson?
how do I get past paper jam message that continues even after paper is removed?
how do I print only using black cartridges?
why does my hp photosmart 7520 keep saying paper jam but there isn't any paper jammed
Is this model the same as the 7520 Wireless Photo Printer with scanner, copier and Fax? The photos of this e-all-in-one model do not match each other
I get a black line when i use auto feeder and cannot how do I get rid of it?
Replaced the black cartridge and now get an error message saying cartridge appears to be missing or damaged
how do i place the paper on the outer tray to send a fax face up or face down
Can generic ink cartridges be used or do you have to use HP ink cartridges only?
How much paper can be loaded at one time?
set text larger
I just wanted to make sure this terminal is unlocked?
We need to get a prompt to enter our invoice numbers does anyone know how to program the unit to do so?
Does this include a smart card/EMV reader?
This can be connected to a phone line? I do not want to use it as wireless at this time.
Does this support Apple Pay?
Is universal, So my processer can program?
I need a machine that has EMV and is also Certified. Does this maching meet those requirements?
hello i purchased verifone vx520 its work good but yesterday its say enter password and i dont have password i loos so many customer so please let me
How big of a roll of thermal paper roll does it hold, 50, 80, 165ft?
The POS wireles is? Operate in Venezuela. The software is in Spanish. What is the price of the POS. (I need about 03 POS.)
do they work for HP photosmart 7525?
I have an HP Photosmart B109d. It takes 364 cartridges. Will this product work? Which black should I use and what type of ink should I buy to refill?
will this work on photosmart b110
it says for hp 564 but at the button it doesnt have 564 in the compatible ? does anyone know if this works for " Hp photosmart 564?
Will these work with an OfficeJet 6500 e709? They take 720 or 920xl cartridges.
will this work for hp photosmart 7525
will these work in the hp6525 printer that uses 564xl tanks??
Are the chips on the cartridges auto-resetting?
How many times does this refill the cartridge?
How do you reset the Canon MG3122 to show the correct ink level after a refilling black ink from Inktec? It still shows the ink level as low.
do you know if this is also compatible with a Canon PIXMA MG 3222?
How do you reset the Canon MG3122 to show the correct ink level after a refilling with black ink from Inktec? It still shows the ink level as low.
Does this kit come with a syringe to fill cartridge??
Can I use this for MX472?
I have PIXMA MX470 All in One printer, will it work with mine?
Will this work for the mg2220? i know it uses the pg-240 cartridge, but not sure if the software will allow refills.
Where can I find instructions on where to drill and inject on the Canon Pixma 922?
Can anyone tell me for sure if this can be used for Pixma MP- 495 that uses the PG-211 or PG- 211XL black ink cartridges
What is the seat height from the floor?
What is the seat height for the Hillsdale granada bar height stool? Bar stool height and also how many left I need five. the one that is priced 119
Is there a weight limit for this barstool?
How wide is the seat?
how high is the stool from the seat to floor?
Will the metal legs scratch an engineered wood floor?
Are all cartridges XL?
is this ink for HP 6520?
Is this ink for HP photosmart 5520
is this ink for HP 5510
is this ink for a HP 7520
is this the right ink for 7510 series
are they actually made by hp?
Would this fit a Hp deskjet ink advantage 3525?
Will it work with HP Phtosmart 7515
Is this work for the Photosmart 5525?
Hi,I just want make sure it can work with Windows 8 64bit?If I buy one but can not work,can I get return?
Hello,is this model can work on Windows 8?
Can I hook this up to a Wireless USB Print Server appliance box? (so I can print wireless from my laptop)
Hi, is this the "ZP 450" model or "ZP 450 CTP" model? Thanks
Can I also print narrower labels, such as 2 5/8 inch removable barcode labels?
Does this item work with Amazon Ship Manager and USPS Labels?? Thanks
For those running on Windows 8. How exactly? Can't get this thing to install. Works fine on my Win 7 machine, but I NEED it to work on Win 8.
I just received a roll of UPS 4x6 thermal label, but it's too big for my Dymo 4xl, do yo think it works with your product?
Does this come with all required cables, power and computer connection?
Zebra 450 compatible with ebay?
Can u give me an idea of a reasonable ballpark price range to charge for photo/art prints, tocover cost of this printer supplies/ink and still profit?
What is the ink comsumption
Should we leave this printer on all the time to save ink, or I should turn it off via it's own power switch while keeping it plugged in? Does it matter on ink usage?
How do you calibrate color on a Mac?
Great printer for images, what if I wnt to use it for 8.5 x 11 plain text docs? Also can it be set to print black only &amp; still print?
Does this printer print 4" x 8" photo cards
i use regular watercolor paper, work prints with water, wcpencils to bleed inks.can i do this with this ink since it has clear coat optimizer.
How far away from the wall does this printer need to be?
Is the ink cartridge(s) included?
Can this print office documents? I don't do a ton of printing, though once in a while I need to print a letter or web page mockup.
I'm a graphic designer and photographer, I use Adobe Illustrator and InDesign as well as Photoshop. How does this printer handle graphics and typography?
Will it print on canvas?
Does it scan as well?
It doesn't mention Windows 8,1 in compatibility. Can it be run on 8.1?
I see that this printer does not have red ink, how well does it handle red tones?
I plan on using this printer for my invitation business. I use lots of color and want to make sure this is worth the investment.
What's the difference of PIXMA PRO-100 and PIXMA PRO-10? Print quality of dye and pigment inkjet?
how does this printer perform for b&amp;w prints?
Does anyone know the dimensions?
Is the bench sturdy enough to use as seating? Can it hold an adult removing their shoes?
Is the width below the bench less than 40"? I have base boards that run 40" in width.
"Where" is it made? (USA? China? etc)
What is the height difference between the top of the seat and the bottom of the hooks? (In other words, what is the clearance who someone sits down?)
How does the back of the hall tree look like? Same espresso finish or what?
whats the dimention depth and hight
Does this fit MFC J6920DW
I assume this is improperly labeled? On amazon this is listed as LC1053, but the picture says LC105M. Does this ever worry anyone else?
Has anyone noticed that this item is a 3-pack of ink cartridges, but the item description is for Samsung ATIV Smart PC 500T?
will this work with MFC J650DW?
will teses cartridges work with the MFC-J450DW model printer?
Are these cartridges compatible with Brother Printer DCPJ152W?
What is the expiration date?
Are these catridges compatible with Brother printer mfcj870dw?
Will this printer work if one of the - let's say- color ink cartridges run out, or will you have to replace it to be able to print anything?
Will this work with a Brothers Business Smart Series MFC-J47100w?
I have the MFCJ870DW Wireless Color Inkjet printer, will this cartridge work with my printer???
I have the Brother MFC-J450DW and it says it takes LC101 and LC103-will it take the super high yield LC107? If anyone's used this this size with 450?
will it fit in a MFC-J870DW
How long of shelf life does the 107bk, 105c,y,m cartridges have? Curious
Is this a refill from original cartridge or is this NOT a refill and also original cartridge from brother?
Will this work with the MFC-J4310DW?
I have model mfc-j475dw will this cartridge fit?
my new machine wont print, is there something you have to take off on the print cartledge?
Can I refill the cartridge?
The high yield black ink 107bk does not work with the above machine. Why are you showing it along with the printer?
Can this be set up to scan to a network shared folder so that all users can use it with out software installed on each workstation?
Can this scan multiple pages into one document or multiple pages into individual documents?
We use Windows 2008 server thin client. Can driver be installed on 2008 server?
Is this an older cousin to ADS-2600W? What are the main differences between the two?
How well does the ADF (automatic document feeder) work? I want to lose the computer between the scanner and Evernote, but the ADF makes me nervous.
Doest it have an ethernet access, where? Once is connected and installed shows up in the network scanners?
Will it work on PC's running either Windows 7 or Windows 8?
Can you name the scanned documents from the scanner?
Will this scan directly to a networked printer? I need it to copy without using a computer, just the scanner and printer.
Can it produce searchable PDF without the need of a computer?
Does it work on mfc-j870dw??
DOES this work with Brother Printer MFCJ450DW
How fast does the ink dry out once in the printer? I use my printer a few times a week for 20 page print jobs.
DOES this work with my Brother Printer MFCJ475DW
Does the LC103BK work in the J875DW?
is it refillable?
when to buy ink for MFC-J870dw when new machine
does this ink work in a MFCJ650DW?
Does Lc 103 BK XL refillable?
Does this caertridge work for the brother printer mfcj870d. I received it today and my printer type is not listed on packaging
Are these regular or high yield?
Does this cartridge work on the J6920DW? it does not show it on the list, my printer takes the LC 103.
Will these work with MCF-J4700W?
do the cartridges have an expiration date chip in them like HP does? I don't use much ink
im reading 600 page yield counts but im not quiet believing it. is this arbitrary info rather than actual fact? so i can print 600 FULL color pages?
This descriotion doesn't state it is for all three colors...is it just for 3 of the yellow? or 1 of each color?
what is the longevity of the ink once put in the printer if one does not print often?
does it work on mfc-j475
Are these cartridges compatible with MFC-J6720DW
Is this multi Voltage 110v - 230V ?
Is the original HP Warranty valid?
Does it do 1-pass 2-sided scanning when using the flatbed, or only with the ADF?
does this item ship with ink cartridges already installed?
CAN ONE GET AN EXTENDED WARRANTY
I jus received it, but it seems fairly hard to operate... can I use it by just using the remote control? it's asking for a password.. why?
can i download your software somewhere online? I am a mac user...
I want to used it to replace pagers in fast restaurant. Can it display multiple numbers(scrolling)? How easy is it to enter/delete numbers?
How many characters fit on the screen at once?
Can this sign be seen through a window?
Low energy consumption is not quantitative and has no real meaning. Can you provide the power source that this sign runs on? I'm assuming it 120V AC
Does it turn on and start showing the message automatically when plugged in?
If this item is programmed, and then the power turned completely off. Does the same programmed message display when the power comes back on?
What is the range of the remote?
what is the distance between the top and bottom shelf.
Unfortunately, H, W, D, are not listed in the same order with all products. What is the overall height of this cart?
I want to use this cart to hold a frozen drink machine. The shipping weight for the machine is 138 lbs. It can hold 6 gallons of drink. Will this do?
I have a small propane BBQ with legs that lift the box 6". Do you think this cart would work as a BBQ cart?
how tall is the lip on the top shelf?
can it be programmed to show the item name rather just 01, 02, etc.
Has anyone used this in an outdoor setting? I was curious to know if the screen is difficult to see in the sunlight.
does this use thermal paper
Does this machine print out the end of the day reports?
Do not need to run a tape. Can you use this register without a tape running?
Does the cash register need to be hooked up to anything?
Can anyone tell me if this is quite or noisy? Please.
Can you shut the tax computation off? We have a food stand so no tax added.
Does it use thermal paper?
Would you please tell me if you can separate the machine from the drawer, and if so what the exact measures of ONLY the machine are. Batteries also?
How do you set the clock so the time is always showing?
What are the comlete outside deminsions of the clock - HxLxD?
I notice it comes with a DC Adapter. Is that an alternate power source instead of having it run on batteries all the time?
will it have a regular American ac electric plug?
My clock doesn't have a VS button. It has these five buttons: SET, UP, DOWN, ON/OFF, RESET How do I set it so the so the time is always showing?
I want to be sure it comes with the capability of plugging it into electrical outlet (USA) spec.
I lost the instructions on how to change the time. Can someone help me?
How do you change the time?
I didn't received the US manual, do you have an electronic manual? I don't know how to make it work with voice or clap hands.
How many alarms does it have? Can you program it to go off at two different times or is there only one alarm?
Does this item include the film holders?
Will this do both b&amp;w and color 35mm negatives?
What is the resolution (megapixels)?
Does this work with 110 film?
what voltages does this run on please? We are intested in getting one from you and bringng it to New Zealand.
DOes it work with a mac?
Do you install driver software first, then connect and power up scanner or other way around?
What's the benefit of the infrared (IR) channel?
works with 32-bit windows 7?
Can I scan 35 mm film in rolls?
What is the best THIRD PARTY (not bundled SilverFast) scanning software to use, that uses the Infrared scanning feature for dust and scratch removal?
Will the included software (or VueScan software) work under Mac OS 10.6.8?
Can the images be blown up to 24" X 36" with good resolution?
can I scan 120 or 6cm x 9cm film with this scanner
Does it scan slides?
is the table tilted or flat
Is it possible to use without the wheels?
I am bed bound for a few months. I need a table I can use while in bed that will hold my laptop, will this work?
This "looks" perfect. I'm wondering if I have my laptop on top in the tilted mode, what's to stop my laptop from sliding off the stand?
what are the table top measurements?
Will this table be able to move in close while sitting in a rocker recliner? How wide is it between the bottom legs?
Can anyone tell me if the base width (wheel to wheel) is the same width as the table top of 24"? Thanks so much in advance!
does the top swivel?
Is this product good for a stand up work station?
What is the max height this unit can be set at?
is it new and does it come in its swarovski box?
Is there a swan on the top of the pen
Please advise if this is an authentic Swarovski pen?
What refills do I order for this pen?
What is this file storage unit made of? Plastic? Metal? Cardboard? How can a 3 drawer unit that holds 4" x 6" cards have a maximum dimension of 9.5"? Thank you
Are the tabbed cards removable? Do they have letters on both sides?
is there a lock on it
I would like to know the dimensions of the cabinet. How small is 'mini'? I am looking for something that would hold standard sized paper if needed.
What is the depth of the drawers in inches?
How many cards will this unit hold?
What is the average page yield? I run a small print shop doing about 5,000 8.5 x 11 documents in black and white only.
Why has the price gone up 2 times in 5 days?
How many pages can one typically expect from an ink cartridge?
HP CZ133A CZ133A, HP-711, Ink, 80 mL, Black, Shipping Weight: 19 pounds. . I need this Item in South America, Why the Shipping Weight is19 pounds??
Does it come with 2 trays or just one as pictured?
Does the unit have wifi capability?
Does this print out on both sides?
Does this printer scan at 600dpi from the document feeder, or only on the scanning bed?
Where do you go to get replacement ink?
Is it similar to the 3615 monotone?
Will it print on plain paper or does it require laser-quality paper?
Does this printer come with toner and if so what capacity?
Can anybody comment on how well the ADF works? I'm looking for something that has good duplex scanning and pulls sheets in smoothly and well-aligned.
How well does this print posters and photographs?
Does the Printer come with a stand as shown?
What are the advantages of this one compared to the T120?
Does the printer come with a spindle?
Can someone who owns this printer tell me if it prints good quality graphics? Not photos, but graphics for example cartoon characters?
Is this printer Mac OS Compatible?
Does this printer come with ink or do I need to purchase it separately?
Can I print from MicroStation Program on this protter?
Can I print from MicroStation program?
What is in the box, should I buy cartridges or they are included.
Is the HP T120 compatible with Windows 8?
Can the sheet feeder be completely removed (to save space) if you only intend to print on the 24" roll?
Does this come with the spindle for roll feed?
When using the roll feed does the machine automatically cut each sheet or do you need to do that manually?
Does the HP Designjet T120 support AutoCAD files?
Does it come with the manufacturers warranty still? Or any other kind of warranty?
Does it handle poster board
I print black and white mainly. Will it print without color ink cartridge ? or how about emptied color ink cartridge ? Thanks.
Does it print on canvas?
What is the width of the slot? I wish to use this to collect 6" x 4" postcard sized pieces.
Are the keys universal on all of the boxes? So if I bought 2, would the same set of keys work on each?
How do you retrieve the ballots from the box?
Can you remove the sign from the box?
where is the lock on this product and does anyone have this attached to anything or is it a freestanding one?
I accidentally threw away the keys on arrival - is it possible to get replacement keys? How would I do that?
Could you please let me know big it is? Does it fit on a pocket?
Is this a folding clip board? I'm a medical student and I need one that will fit in the pocket of my white coat.
What are the dimensions? Is it the size of a normal clipboard, or is it pocket size?
How to mount it to the wall with the screws in the package? There are two screws and two plastic things. What to do with the plastic things?
What can I use to mount this item to the wall?
How is this able to organize something the size of magazines? Do you lay it flat atop a stack?? I just don't envision how this is functional.
Does this recharge the battery as well or just connect the calculator to the computer?
Is the calculator end of this Nspire cable a standard connector, for example, like would plug into an android phone? Also, I assume this will work wit
Can I use this cable to connect two ti-84 calculators?
Does this cable charge the TI Nspire CX CAS?
Could this be used to charge the calculator?
Is calculator end of this cable standard, like you'd plug into an android phone? Also, I assume this will work with the old Nspire B/W units.
Does this work for the TI-84 Plus C Silver Edition?
does this cable work for the TI-NspireCX? , i need the cable for connect my pc to the calculator, is this cable?
Would this work on a regular TI-89? Has anyone tried using it for a TI-89?
Does this cable work for the TI-83 Plus as well?
How many 35mm negative trays are included? Photo looks like 3, but descriptions says 1?
The ad shows 5 trays included... 4 slide trays and one negative tray ???
Can you scan to a computer, or only to a card?
I have old slides that measure 2.5 x 2.5 inches (unmounted). Will these fit into the scanner..with or without using the tray?
I have a Canon MG5220 printer. After I get a dvd tray for it, how do I go about getting it to print on DVD's? Do I need any other software or parts?
Is this tray compatible with the Canon MG6250?
Is this tray compatible with the Canon MX922?
what is the cd printer tray used for on the canon pixma pro 100 printer?
Will this work for a MG6320?
will i be able to connect to my laptop/desktop and print cd's does this come with software
The link you provide to change the printers firmware is not working can you please direct me to a sight that will explain how to do this?
Will this work with a mg 5420?
Will this work for the canon MG5520?
I purchased this recently and there are only two note pages at the beginning of the planner not any during the months, is this a misprint?
What size is this planner?
What are the dimensions of this calendar?
is the binder metal or plastic
does it have place on both ends for drivers license?
Business cards are usually a bit longer than credit cards or gift cards; will the card slots accommodate business cards?
Is it pocket size? Will it fit in jeans pockets?
What size is it really? Dimensions above and below do not agree.
does it have place on both ends for drivers license?
Business cards are usually a bit longer than credit cards or gift cards; will the card slots accommodate business cards?
Is it pocket size? Will it fit in jeans pockets?
What size is it really? Dimensions above and below do not agree.
does it have place on both ends for drivers license?
Business cards are usually a bit longer than credit cards or gift cards; will the card slots accommodate business cards?
Is it pocket size? Will it fit in jeans pockets?
What size is it really? Dimensions above and below do not agree.
does it have place on both ends for drivers license?
Business cards are usually a bit longer than credit cards or gift cards; will the card slots accommodate business cards?
Is it pocket size? Will it fit in jeans pockets?
What size is it really? Dimensions above and below do not agree.
I have back issues and need a really comfortable chair. Is this chair comfortable for sewing?
Lowest height from floor to top of the seat?
What are the dimensions of the seat?
what is the maximum weight this chair can take
I really like this cabinet...but can someone confirm that this is exactly 16 inch deep?Else i won't be able to close my door! THANK YOU!
I need four cabinet doors ,can I order just that
How deep iis this cabinet from front to back
How tall is this cabinet????
How wide is this unit?
how wide is the cabinet
Are these ink tanks full size, or are they sample/trial sizes?
Is this genuine Canon ink or a knock off?
This looks like a complete set for the ix6520 but it's not listed in the description. Can anyone confirm this will work with the Canon ix6520?
Does this have an automatic document feeder or must you feed it page by page?
I have installed the PCL driver, but cannot print wirelessly. What have I done wrong?
This looks just like a Brother copier I used to own. Is it the same copier?
How do I disable incoming faxes? I only have one line and would like to leave the telephone cable connected. We usually only send faxes.
printer make color copies?
Can it ship to Mexico?
Does it have a fax function
will it run card stock
Is it compatible with MAC OS?
Geeez is it color or black and white?????
Is there a way to "lock" the recording so that a child cannot accidentally erase it?
If you don't like what is recorded, can you record multiple times until you get it right?
Hi, I just wanted to make sure this is a blank card?
what is the font?
Can I have a signature stamp made instead of specific font? If yes, would I scan and upload/email the custom signature to you?
Is the ink waterproof and can be used outdoors?
what are the measurements for actual ink portion? i'm looking for a small stamper for a number code of 5 numbers only
can I do my signature with this stamp if I send it in?
where do I type in the info I want to be displayed on the rubber stamp?
Can I choose ink color?
can I get a white ink stamp?
How large are the letters ? (kindly answer in inches)
I need to put 24 letters on one line, what is the biggest font you can make? I need it to be 12 or 14
How long is the power cord?
How does it mount to the wall?
what is the shipping weight of this product
Do you have a wireless remote to turn it on and off with?
Can I get it in RED and does it display well in a brightly lit room?
Does the sign have a pull chain to turn it on or off, or does it simply plug into the wall outlet and that's it? Also what other colors are available
Is the cabinet real wood or is it pressboard ?
Do both drawers lock?
How wide is the *inside* of the drawer, both the letter-size width and legal-size width? I need to file some 12" documents. Thanks.
are you able to change the handles? I mean they are able to come off right?
What color is espresso?
does it come assembled?
Cabinet says letter or legal. If using letter-size, do files face forward, or the side? Thanks.
Do the drawers have full extension ball bearing?
What kind of "Durable Wood"
what are the dimensions
What kind of bulb does it need? Looking on Amazon, I see two very differently-shaped bulbs for projectors.
does it only do transparent or can I actually use pictures from a book on it?
Does it have a working bulb in it?
i just wanted to know if it will project regular images or if they have to be on transparency sheets?
How well does this work for tablets/e-readers?
how easy is it to turn pages?
Is this holder good for small paperback books
how easily is turning pages?
Can you use it in bed?
3.5 inches height seems too small. Can this item hold a book that is 10.5 inches long?
3.5 inches height seems not right? Can it hold a normal book size?
I am looking for a stand that would be good for reading the newspaper while eating dinner at our dining room table. Would this work?
does this need a chip replacement also for a samsung ml 2165w
Did you have to change the chip ? How can i update the firmware of the printer ? I purchased the printer January 2013 Thanks for you reponse
will this work for samsung SCX 3400 series printer?
Will this one works for Samsung ML-2165W/XAC Wireless Monochrome Printer
Can you use it to refill the starter kit that comes with the computer?
My printer is an ML-2165 (there is no "w" on the model number). Will your toner work for me?
Will this work with a ML-2165W/XSS?
Will this work with the SCX_3400 serie
I tried all the tricks in the reviews,toner still will not work. My printer status turns to red and does not recognize the toner. I have a 3400 series
I have a ML-2165W/XAC. Will this cartridge work? I have tried a MLT-D101s/XAA and it won't work.
Does it work for Samsung ML-2160
Hi, I have a SCX-3405W laser printer. Will this cart. work for this model? Also, what state is this shipping from? Thanks, Dan
Work fine in ML-2165 version without wifi?
where do I get cartridge for this?
does it work with 6plus?
what kind of photo paper do you buy for this?
Can you dock an ipad or ipad mini and print photos?
can i use this with a micro usb?
Is this item compatible with an iPhone 5?
Anyone try this out with iPhone? Quality of pics any good??
What kind of price tags do I use to hang from the barbs?
Needle keeps popping off every time I try to shoot a barb through. Any advice? It worked fine for the first few garments, then stopped working right.
what size barbs? 1 inch, 2 inch, 3 inch?
does this come ready to use with needle and clear barbs?
what color are the barbs? black or clear?
does the gun come with barbs and needle?
There are no directions with this. How do I use this thing?
Where is the spare needle to be found? It would have been nice to have had some sort of instruction on how to put this Chinese product together....
How many needles come with it?
What are the dimensions of this?
I'm looking for a lap desk with a high angle which this one appears to have. Is the padding on the back angled or more flat?
What are the dimensions of this item?
Would it be crowded/tight if a 13' macbook was on it?
What are the Dimensions ?? None of these tell you in {inches &amp; feet) how large or small they are ???
Which are the differences between Brookstone eComfort and Brookstone ePad?? It seems to be the very same product. Is this right? Or are some differenc
Can this be used to heat shrink-wrap gift items?
Does it come with something on the ends to make it easier to roll out?
Is this product usefull to wrap the luggage and dispacht it in the airport?
Is this product usefull to wrap the luggage and dispacht it in the airport?
I don't usually print with color. Will the unit print without color cartridges installed? Thanks!
Can you tell me what comes in the box? (eg. printhead, ink cartridges, stand, spindle, software, power cord). Is the plotter in stock?
Are all four inks dye based. Critical for printing on fabric for garments.
This is the standard CQ893AB1K as detailed on the HP website? (1GB Ram, etc.?)
Will this printer work with Windows 7 64bit?
are ink and paper included?
can I plot drawings from a flash drive?
can I e-mail drawings to the plotter from another location.
Does this plotter have an automatic cutter for 36 x 24 inch drawings
How heavy can the paper be on this printer?
How will these work with a standard disposable Bic or Papermate pen? I can't use a pencil and don't want to spend $30.00 on a special pen.
how much for shipping?
Does this book have 100 pages? Most say 50, this says 100. Just wanna make sure before I buy.
Is it line page
is this made in USA
Do you need to use a special type pen or pencil to utilize this journal's waterproof feature?
Can I cut this into labels and run them through the washing machine or does cutting it ruin the seal?
Will this machine punch 110# card stock? (for covers)
Can you bind pages smaller than 8 1/2 X 11"? Is there a way to cut off the excess comb? Thanks in advance.
Will this machine work with coil binding or only plastic?
Can I use this on 11x17 paper?
What size binding spines should i used on this machine?
how much pounds does this machine weights
What comes in the starter kit?
it looks like a 21 holer, but can you rig it to punch only 19 holes, in case you want to bind a slightly oversized music book?
Does this machine bind wire?
will this machine punch through laminated paper?
Can the casters be removed? I want to mount the shredder in a cabinet, however, it's too tall with the casters. Please advise - thank you.
what bags do you use with this shredder?
Can it shred unopened junk mail?
I live in Europe where the voltage is 220. Does this or any Fellowes micro cut shredder work w/o a transformer? How many amps does the machine need?
My Fellows shredder Model SB15C had worked fine but even though Bin is empty it indicated its full drives me Crazy as shredding stops completely
what is the difference between the 5100L model and the 5000L model? Reviews for both items are the same! Yet one costs more than the other?
can you put I.D. Cards / Credit Card size in a pouch in the machine without sleeves? Without getting stuck?
Do you ship to New Zealand?
bubble-free?
The power button doesn't seem to do anything. The machine won't turn off with the button. I would have to unplug. Is that normal?
What is manufacturer's warrantee for royal paper shredder #1600mx?
Plastic bags (or paper) in the bin would facilitate clean up and disposal. What fits in the bin and works best?
how secure is my identity theft with this machine?
Why does it beep?
Can it handle staples? We try to keep them out but invariably one gets through.
Does this model have wheel casters?
How do you remove the trash bin?
will it work in a 220v power country (as in Europe)? is it dual power 110-220v?
How long is the warranity.
Does this machine have an auto-off feature?
How many watts of power does this laminator use?
Does this laminator require a carrier?
Can you use other brand pouches or do you have to use their product
Can this handle menu size laminating pouches/sheets?
Did the swingline start smoking?
Hello! My 3100L is very loud. I hear the motion and the motor extremly loud and also when it speeds up, when I insert a pouch. Is that normal? Thanks!
where can I find the instruction manual for this calculator? It is not available on Canon's website.
Does it come with a case?
Does this calculator show remainders when doing division (and not just the decimals)?
What are the dimensions, height, width and depth (without cover)?
Dear all, please tell me if this calculator package includes a so called "Quick Reference Card", the hard coated paper inside the protective case? Thk
Are old formulas in the replay memory LOST when the F-792SGA times out? The FX-115ES does this, making it useless for serious research.
What's the difference between an office calculator and a scientific calculator?
Does this ink work in a Canon PIXMA MG5320?
Do these work on mx880 printer?
Does this ink work on Canon Pixma mx890?
mx892
Does this work in Pixma MG5220?
l bought a canon pixma ix6520 and my ink is almost gone, will this cartridge pack work fine for it, or just will be a mess and damage my printer?
what is the shelf life for your cli 226 cartridges ?
I use my printer exclusively to print photos. Is this ink of similar quality to the name brand?
How long is the eraser?
How does the 'lead' advance?
How many pencils come in a pack?
How many refills it cotains? 1 or more?
Does the scanner come with the cradle and usb cable? Yes or no?
If the scanner does not ship with a power cable is it because it can recharge through the USB connection?
Does it matter whether you use the straight cord or the curly cord with this?
Does this work with Barcode PDF417??
Does this come with a standard warranty?
Can this scanner bluetooth pair and work with a Windows 7 or 8 tablet? Can it connect via bluetooth without the charging base present for mobile use?
Does the scanner have a button trigger that user can press to activate the laser to scan?
Do you have to have Bluetooth on the computer or does it have a USB that communicates with the computer?
Does this have a power supply cord and a USB cable?
can this scanner bluetooth pair and work with IOS ( Ipad ) ?
What is the actual size of this product? 5x7? or smaller?
what is the book size? how many entries can you put on each page
Spiral bound?
Does each letter have its own page
Since four entries can be made on a page for a total of 660 contacts, are there 165 pages? How many lines are available for each contact?
how many pages are there for address / telephone numbers?
I just ordered the Red, but it doesn't show or say I ordered the Red? What color Address book will I be receiving? Thank you!
are the tabs plastic?
size of book ?
how much space for each entry?
Will these fit a mid-1950s Royal Quiet Deluxe?
Are these plastic or metal spools?
will this work for a royal portable faux bois woodgrain?
I just inherited a Royal Arrow model. Does anyone know what size ribbon this model uses?
Do these ribbons work with a Royal Epoch Manual Typewriter?
I have a Quiet DeLuxe. My question is, are these reversing ribbons, or do I need to manually reverse them once I reach the end of one side?
will this ribbon fit a Royal 440?
Will this fit a 1941 Royal Quiet DeLuxe Portable?
Does this fit a Royal Arrow Portable?
Do these ribbons fit into any typewriter?
I want to make sure I am getting the correct cord. I have an HP Officejet 4500 with the model number 0957-2269 on it
I have an HP Deskjet 4360 printer, will it work on this printer?
I have an HP 6700 it says it needs +32v/+12v 1094 ma/250 ma is this the right power cord?
Can you use this power supply with input power of 220V 50 hertz or only 120V 60 hertz? ie overseas?
What is the Current rating of this power supply. There no specifications on this product. Amazon Specs are so lacking! I need 1560 mA for an HP 6840.
Is there a metal sleeve in all three openings in the plug that goes in the back of the printer. I only have two. If possible reply to fewcw@yahoo.com
why does it say $9.51 on the amazon page and $14,99 on this page...
I have an HP officejet J4680 will this work ?
The ad says "$14.99 &amp; free shipping" when I try to order it, it adds $26 for shipping? Please let me know if the shipping is free
Have an HP PSC 1510 All in one Picbridge Is this compatible?
Is this item compatible with an HP 6500 E709N? Thank you.
does it also come with the part you plug into the wall
Is this compatible with HP 2541 Wireless Printer
Can it take 230 volts, 50 hz as mains input?
Hello there. Would this work for a E710n printer? Many Thanks.
Hello, I'm interesting in this ink box and I want to ask is this really from Inkowl and do you provide the steps to refill the ink box? Please reply !
What is the shelf life or expiration date for this ink?
Hello, there is still some ink in a refillable cartridge (pink one), but it can't print out, I cleaned the spray head twice, but it didn't work.
After refill the matte black ink second time, the printer can't recognize the cartridge, even after used the reset device. What should i do?
after buying this product, is it possible to buy individual ink bottles? like just matte black ink and yellow?
Is the 26 inch height with or without casters?
Are there frames with it for handing letter size files?
Can you put something slightly heavy on top, like a printer? That should keep it from tipping when opening the drawers.
how tall?
can I get replacement keys for my Storex file cabinet
is already assembled
are the hanging file frames included?
Does this work with a Mac?
Where is the warranty period listed? One comment alludes to it only being 3 months. Is this correct?
What is the power of the laser?
The video for this item it shows the K72425AM with a "GREEN LASER" however, the title of this item reads that it has a "RED LASER." Which is it?
Does this work with Windows vista? Thanks!
Does this work with Windows 7? Description only shows compatible with windows 8
Can I use it with my power points if I have a different version of windows?
Just how does this work? What is the source of the slides? Can it be set on automatic?
Does it work with Windows 8.1?
Compatible with
Does it work with OSX 10.9 Mavericks?
I'm looking for a quiet click. Are the buttons noisy or make a loud audible click when pressed? Thanks!
Does it have a mute video or screen black function?
Does this work on a Mac
Is it compatible with Windows 8 only, or Windows 8 as well?
Can it be used to play, pause, and control volume of audio or video clips inserted in a keynote slide?
Does anyone test this device how long distant we can go away from the desktop? I was wondering if 150 feet RF range can be true.
Does the presenter K72353 US work with MediaShout software
Does this version of the Kensington presenter (K72426AM) trigger the F5 function when using the laser, like the 33374? (Seems like a dumb idea!)
Will this presenter work with Adobe Acrobat?
Can the 2 GB micro SD card be replaced by the owner with a larger capacity card in the 32GB - 64GB range?
Does this have a go to black screen button?
Can you program buttons?
Does this work with Mac Snow leopard?
Can you see this green laser on a large TV monitor? (we can't with red) We replaced our conference room pull down screen with a 72" Sharp TV
If you have a web link in your PowerPoint, will this presenter allow you to click the link to go to the website during the presentation?
does the 2 GB memory dongle load presentations to your computer through the USB receiver?
Has anyone compared this to the Fujitsu ScanSnap iX500 Scanner for scanning photos?
What is the 1993807 mean as a prefix to PS50? I see other PS 50's advertised with other prefixes such as 2PX5031...
Does it come with software to name and tag the photos?
Does this work with Windows 8?
Does this scanner handle slides? Black and White Negatives?
Can I run this scanner from my Apple Mac computer?
does the ps50 scan both sides of a 2-sided document, say a postcard with writing on the back?
Does the printer stop working if one of the ink cartridges need replacing?
How does this differ from the Artisan 837? I'm trying to decide between the two. thanks.
Is it compatable with windows 8. Thanks
Please tell me the exact dimensions of the printer XP-850: high, wide and depth. Thank you for your prompt response.
Does the Auto feed feature work with photos also?
Is the XP-850 an "Air Printer" - so it automatically will print from an IPad?
My Tray 2 will not print on 8.5 X 11 (letter size) photo paper, It keeps spitting it out and says I need to add paper in tray 2. After being on phone for 3 hours with customer support 3rd agent I spoke to said tray 2 is only meant for plan paper... is...
can this work with transfer paper for tshirt printing. if not what can i use
does this printer print 8.5x 11 prints
Why is this listed under laser printers, when it clearly isn't one?
can individual photos on a page with multiple photos on it?
will it scan multiple pages to one pdf file?
Does it convert a scan of an old photo to a JPG file?
Can it scan art illustrations/sketches in sketch books?
will the scanner operate with 10 ft usb cable?
whats the largest size this scanner can scan
Will this work with Windows 8?
What would be the best photo software to use with the (Epson B11B207201 Epson Perfection V37 Color Photo Scanner (B11B207201) Scanner). One that you can resize the pics to all one size without loosing clarity, one you can write captions on photos, one...
Does this scanner work with Mac OS 10.10 Yosemite? Over and over, Amazon will only list Windows even if the manufacturer's site includes Macintosh.
after you copy photos to your computer can you transfer those to disc to view on your TV and how long does it take to copy photos to disc?
Why is it so hard to get the XL inks? Amazon only sells them through third parties, who charge too much for shipping.
Is this for Epson XP 850 printer?
How many colors does this contain? It says 6 cartridges, but I see only 5 colors listed.
is this for epson xp 860
Does HD 277 Cartridge have expiration chip built-in? Hopefully Not.
is there a power cord for the scanner or dock? The kit description does not mention a power/usb cord.
Largest photo this will scan?
does this recharge the batteries when docked?
can 8.5 x 14 (legal size) pages be scanned
Somewhere I saw about wi-fi. Is this one wi-fi?
How much does the scanner weigh?
Is there anyone using this scanner with a Mac or Apple device?
Is this scanner compatible with Mac?
What it is the maximum paper size?
Will this also scan negatives?
will the images come out good? Will it be a little fussy or blurred images?
You can feed documents and photos through it without using the wand? And up to what size does it scan -- 8 1/2 by 11?
What powers this unit? Batteries? USB cable attached to laptop?
Does the carrying case hold scanner AND docking station?
After scanning photo will the Memory card from this scanner work in any Brand of Digital picture frame?
How do I print the scanned docs?
is it electric or runs on batteries?
can i scan with wand only
How many prints will it copy per minute?
I have bought this type of lanyard before from two different retail stores and the rhinestones eventually start to fall off. . .How do these hold up?
Can I order 10 lanyards in 10 colors each for a total of 100?
how many do I get?
How many lanyards come in this bulk rate?
What is the size option? For example, if you order 5x does that mean you are ordering 5 of the lanyards? How do you choose lanyard color?
Is this limited to thick pile or can it work just as well with short (1/4) pile?
What is the dimensions of the lip?
i am elderly, and worry about tripping over the edge of this mat...is that a hazard with this particular mat?
Does this mat ship flat?
Is the edge beveled or straight? It's difficult to tell from the pictures.
How is it shipped? Flat, rolled or folded?
Is the lip included in the 48" or in the 36" dimension ?
How do I arrange to have mat shipped flat ?
How thick is the mat? Just the mat, not the mat plus height of little nubs, but just the mat.
Sorry, what are the dimensions of the protruding part that goes under the desk?
I need to scan more than one doc at a time. is this possible i cannot seem to find a tab that allows yhis
I had to get a new laptop but the software doesn't work with Mac os x 10.9, what can I do? I just got this scanner over the summer....
Does the A3 2400S come with both power and USB cables?
can it be used with Windows 7?
will it work with window 7
Will it work with XP?
Does it come with ocr software
I have a Mc Pro with a Ms OS 6.6.8 operating system. Will the A3 USB 2400S work with it?
Does it work OK with Windows 8 ?
What do I do with constant image acquire shut down messages? Tried to uninstall get same message can't even do that Please help!!!!
How do I put the cartridge in it?
Where is this pen made/country of origin?
Does this "Zig-Zag" design have a fine nib version?
Does his come with a converter?
I have a pack of standard international cartridges, not a pilot brand, will they work in this pen?
Can you get variations in stroke width with this pen's nib?
is the body completely metal or the grip (place where you hold and write) is plastic ?
What inks can this pen use?
does this pen comes in the box?
Is the nib replaceable?
what size is the nib?
Does Ink come with it?
What kind of ink cartridge brand or type is required and where can I buy them?
Did anyone have trouble writing with this pen?I have had this pen for a week now and it is a constant battle to get ink from the nib onto paper
Does it come with ink converter?
does it come in a box
What is its power source while in use? Does it have to be directly connected to the wall socket, or does it need to be connected to a computer?
Does this also scan documents
How quickly does it scan? Roughly how many can I do per minute?
Will this scanner work with a Mac?
Does this scan smaller 4x6 photos with a 8x11 border or does it read just the size of the photo and save it that way too?
Does this scanner work for negatives too?
where can I download the latest drivers?
Does it come with a memory card? If so, what is the size.
He is asking if it comes with a "document carrier"!
Does it come with a cable for the computer
How many pages is this cartridge supposed to print?
Good morning, the cartdrige don&acute;t work in my samsung SCX 3200. Any advise to make it work?
I bought this toner for Samsung ML 1865W. Unfortunately, my printer says the toner is incompatible. Do you have any advice how to make it compatible?
What is the depth of the seat? Also the width of the seat itself...not including the arm rests.
The chair says high back but the spec's say 32" high most high backs are above 45"Please let me know the height
Can someone tell me what that button by the right knee is for?
Can someone say whether the arms on the chair can be removed so it is an armless chair?
A common complaint is that the reclining tension is too stiff. Does it loosen up over time? Is it too tight to stay leaned back?
How do you lock the tilt tension? The lever says right or left to do it but the lever only moves up or down for height adjustment.
I slouch most of the time, will this damage the springs?
Are there any seams on the sitting surface of the seat?
What's the seat height from floor to top of seat?
Does it rock?
how high from the surface of the desk can you get the center of the monitor mount? 3m's site says 27", newegg 21", here it says a paltry 12.4".
Will the monitors rotate for profile viewing, instead of the standard landscape view?
What's the exact under-table depth clearance needed? (vertical plate against the table, how much does the clamp reach in?) 3M's diagrams are quite bad
Does it include a laptop tray in the package? Or, I have to purchase that additionally?
Will it accomidate 2 22" monitors?
how do you adjust the height of the arm after the monitor has been installed? some review mentioned it is not easily adjustable.
Whats the top resolution for the displays?
Is it possible to add another arm for 3 27-inch monitors?
Will this base mount work on a glass desk?
I have one monitor that has six holes in back not 4 like the plate requires. How can I mount it the arms?
does the arm have the ability to angle the monitor down? in other words, if I were laying on the ground, looking up at the ceiling, could i use this?
Can the arm be lowered on the post? I need to extend the monitor out &amp; down off the desk and low over a chair beside the desk.
What is the maximum height adjustment, misleading info in product details. See first comment for more info...
What's the exact under-table depth clearance needed? (vertical plate against the table, how much does the clamp reach in?) 3M's diagrams are quite bad
Can this be mounted upside down?
I cannot figure out how to make the upper arm bend up and down on the "elbow" not on the vertical adjustment pole). Any hints?
It says &lt;=27" monitor (diagonal). Why does WIDTH matter? If width doesn't matter, then what's the practical monitor HEIGHT limit (assuming under 20 lbs)?
Does this work with an Apple Thunderbolt display?
Has anyone mounted this (with the clamp, of course) to a glass desktop? I'm concerned it's not safe and would crack the glass.
Can the screen swivel 180&deg;? In other words, could I show the screen to someone whose desk faces mine? Thank you so much for your time!
Can you print multi line labels? and if so how many lines
Can you print directly from a computer using this?
Does the box come with any labeling tape (to get started)?
Can you switch the cartridges in and out, or do you have to finish each roll before changing?
dOES IT COME WITH A CHARGER ?
When the label is cut, is there excessive non-printed labeling left over?
Can you charge this unit thru the usb cable?
Is replacement tape reasonably priced?
Can you use it WITHOUT a computer?
Does this have auto-off power saver capability?
What can i do? All the colors work except Cyan. It won't put out any ink at all which skews all the colors when printing.
Do these cartridges have chips?
can I use this ink to print Photo or this ink only for document
do these work for a canon mg6120?
Why is free shipping listed, and yet when I try to check out it charges me as much for shipping as for the product?
are these empty cartridges that you have to refill?
Does it have a protective wrap and a orange cap that is where the ink flows from compared to the original canon Cartridge?
Will these cartridges work in my Canon MX712?
Will this ink freeze if ordered and shipped in the winter?
Will these be compatible with my Canon MG5220?
Which shelf is fixed? I would like to use for a broom closet, but concerned that there will not be enough clearance from the bottom up. Thanks!
can you add shelves inside
Does this cabinet have an odor to it? So many cabinets here on Amazon, people complain of strong chemical odors that don't go away.
Can this be switched to a left-side opening?
are the width and depth measurements 15" or 16" ?
can this cabinet be painted? i want it for my bathroom but it needs to be a darker color.
How sturdy is this unit?
I would need the door to open the opposite way than is shown. Is that possible?
Do the 4 black things come off? Are they optional in assembly?
can you hang the door the other way so that it opens to the right?
I purchased this, and then returned it. I found that it cut the bottom of my slides off. No matter what I did, I could not get it to scan the entire slide. Has anyone else had this problem?
How long does it take to scan one slide at full resolution?
can you scan stored slides onto a jump drive instead of a card? my computer doesn't take cards.
I can't find instructions for my Pana Scan and PanaVue isn't on the internet, only dealers
Are there any output format options besides JPG?
How big of a negative will it scan I think some of the ones I have are 3" X 5"
does this scanner come with a usb cable to transfer pictures to a computer? Are these jpeg files?
Does it scan 12mm negative film?
I have an iMac with OS 10.8.5 and will likely upgrade to Maverick soon. Will this printer be compatible?
My broken Canon MP500 allowed me to continue printing even after repeated warnings about low ink. Will this printer allow this?
Somehow I turned on the Ink Saver feature, and now I want to turn it off, and can not find it. I did get a new computer, Toshiba Satellite L55
Hi, I am from Singapore, we in Singapore use 230ACV current, whereby in US run on 110ACV. Can this printer run 230ACV?
If you run out of, let's say magenta colored ink, will the printer still be able to print a black and white page?
If one ink cartridge gets used up, do you have to replace ALL of them?
Is the scanner glass 11 x 17? Can it scan an 11 x17 document?
Not sure what this printer is all about. You do not need a router?
How do you set the time on this????
Is this Windows 8 compatible?
What is the difference in this scanner and the 8100iSE you also have posted on Amazon?
Does this work with a Mac?
scan 120 film neg
How long does it take to scan one 35mm film with best resolution and lowest resolution?
Does the Plustek OpticFilm 8100 have different film-type profiles in the software database, or is just a simple "slide" or "negative" choice?
I this compatable with iMac?
Does this unit have drivers compatable with Windows 8.1?
I have a bunch of old 3D mounted slides that my mother took in the 1950-60's, Can this accomidate these holders without removing slide from the mount?
Are slide holders included
Are slide holders included
Is this pressed wood/particle board ?
How long is the garment rod?
Can you not put the shelves in and ADD another clothes bar
Please advise if this can be painted and does the bar go all the way thru or are there shelves behind the closed door in the pic
is unit available without shelves
do u have it in black?
Can you get more shelves??
What are the dimensions of this warrdrobe?
Is there a lock?
is it shipped in fully assembled form or do I have to put the pieces together?
Is this a new cartridge or refurbished?
Work fine in ML-2165 version without wifi?
What is the return policy if this does not work with my SCX-3400W printer?
I have a SCX-3405W will it work?
i have the SCX-3405FW with 2013 update will this work i seen a comment from a buyer who said it didnt work. can you confirm it will?
Is the toner seal easy to spot I can't seem to find one
Will this cartridge fit a SCX-3405SW?
I ordered one of this cartridges in the past and it did not work. How do you know this time it will work?
is this stable enough to stand and type on it? It is cool, but it looks...lightweight. Will it handle a resting of the hands as we do when we type...e
Could one could lie underneath on floor, fully extend the arms directly upward, &amp; work on pc?
Would this hold a surface pro 3?
If Im sitting in my recliner would i be able to pull my laptop close to me
Can I use this device when I lay on bed and the laptop is upside down (the screen and key board are parallel with the ground)
How portable is this item and is it the same as the original one shown in silver?
Since there are no wheels, how easy is it to move about the room? Also, if you're using it in bed, how easy is it to push away once you're done?
Is there a table top attachment I can use to make this into a mini table for drinks when I'm not using it as a laptop stand?
How stable is it on carpet
Does it come with a carrying case? How long to set up &amp; tear down?
do these printers come with ink?
will it print both sides of the paper?
is it possible to connect it to the router in order to print via wi-fi?
Is it compatible with a Toshiba Satilite S75 LapTop
Does this printer go through ink quickly or not?
How do you set up the Fax?
does ithave enlarge and reduce function
Has anyone used this for heat transfers? Any good?
Airprint compatable?
Does the V4ink give the same print capacity as the TN750?
A TN 750 is supposed to fit my 5470dw as high yield. Do these cartridges fit my printer?
I replaced today an original MFC-8710DW tonner with this ones today. But the printer ask me to replace tuner. Is there a way to fix this?
TN315BK
I have the MFC 8710DW.. The toner is Brother TN750 Toner Cartridge. Is tyours going to be compatible with mine?? thanks
does this work for 8710dw?
Does this work with the Brother MFC-8910DW?
Will these toners work in the Brother DCP-8155DN copier?
erase in heat
how long does it take for the ink to dry on regular paper - or do these smear easily?
can you use this on fabric with success?
Can you use these on laminated objects and still erase?
Are these pens acid-free so that they would be safe for scrapbooking?
is it water-soluble?
How do these pens feel compared to regular pens? In terms of writing
are they water proof?
are the pens the kind you iron away the color on fabric?
How long is your refill? Why don't any refill mfrs provide this information? Not the dimensions of the package, the length of the refill.
Is it 3 pack of 3 or just one pack of 3? In the picture it only looks like one pack of three so I want to make sure.
Will the FriXion gel refills fit a Dr Grip pen?
How come the pilot frixion black refills are more expensive that the blue refills?
What is the difference between #77331 and #77349?
Can I print remotely using a iPhone?
envelope
Are there separate color ink cartridges (1 for each color?). Can you use generic replacement cartridges?
Is the wireless feature built in or is it just network ready?
I cannot change the tray setting. there seems to be no tray setting option under the general setup.
Is there a tray to catch the output pages? I don't see it in the photos.
can you print Card stock
why is my color printed so faded?
Does the scanner do automatic duplex scanning?
For the 11 x 17 manual feed, how many sheets can be stacked?
how many cards fit inside?
Will this stick to the back of a leather headrest in a car?
I live near Portland, Oregon and need a card holder for the outside of my truck. Would this holder remain mounted and dry, even when driving?
Does this clasp shut, or will it open if turned upside down?
Does it stay on cars?
How many come in a pack, 1 or 2?
Is this a one pack or a 2 pack?
Is this really the grren dispensor as shown? I ordered some from Amazon earlier and I was sent the new style in gray dispensor which doesn't work for me. I am looking for only the green dispensor. Hope too hear from you soon.
Is this sold single or as a two pack?
will this operated with an included ac adapter or do you need batteries?
Can you change the cord on this phone or is it "hard wired?" I like the longer cords.
what is audio assist
Static with this phone. unable to hear incoming callers. Any suggestions?
Can the be wall mounted?
If I buy two of these phones, can I put a call on hold and pick the call up in another room on the same line?
Does it have ring volume? on / off?
This phone looks as though it can be wall mounted, but I'd like to make certain. And if it can, is the hardware included?
Does this phone have a voicemail indicator light or any other way of signaling that a voicemail has been received?
Someone said the screen is not back lighted when it clearly is in the picture. Is it back lighted? That's important to me!
Does this ink work on heat transfers and will they bleed goin threw the wash ?
can you use sublimation ink with these ?
Where is the ink made and is it ISO certified?
can you use on direct t- shirt printer machine
can you use ink for t-shirt pinting
Hello. Can you tell me if the black ink with this set is dye or pigment based? Thank you
I assume there was assembly required? Was assembly relatively simple and easy?
I have just ordered four of these easels. Is it possible to buy extra sets of pegs? Thanks.
Any suggestion on how much weight the pegs hold?
Does the easel come with more than two pegs? In case you want to display two pieces on the easel.
Which product will I Receive after ordering? V4ink or another mfg?
is this compatible with the HP LaserJet Pro 200 M251nw printer?
Do the replacement toner cartridges include the chip that OEM has?
How do the inks compare to the HP ink?
Will the printer and/or driver nag you that you are not using genuine cartriges?
About how many pages does the color last, and is that each container or the combined total of all of them rated at 1800?
Can the ink levels be monitored by the HP e-print app as it does with its own brand of toners?
Hi, I have HP LaserJet Pro 200 Color M251NW printer. Will these work with that printer?
how many copies can you get out of a toner cartrige
I see that this toner works with HP LaserJet Pro 200 Color M251NW printer; I have a M276 - can you confirm that this is also compatible? Thanks.
DO you have to replace all the cartridges at the same time?
This product description says a 1 year warranty. My defects started showing up after 2 months and now Amazon says it's too late to honor.???
My purchased ink didn't work well, why is that?
print labels
Compatible with tablets surface 2
Can you use this printer as a copier? In other words, as a stand alone product not connected to a computer?
can you print with only black ink cartridge or do you have to have color cartridges
How do I change my printer settings from plain white paper to glossy photo paper?
cannot not get it to print since I changed ink cartridges thinking about putting it in trash and going back to the a hp, can any one help?
what refill for ink cartridges for Epson xp-300? at walmart they asked if it was 68 or 69 model? what does this mean?
What window program is this compatible with?
CAN IT HOOK UP TP MY ACER C7 LAPTOP
is there any way to print from my kindle using wifi?
Can this printer scan multiple pages at a time from the feeder or will it only scan from the glass? Thank you
this printer included ink
What does it take to get the optional wireless?
What toner does this printer use? We use other lexmark printers in our offices and I'm trying to see if we can utilize the current toners we order.
When using the scan feature, can you scan to your computer or does it have to use a usb stick
How fast does it print color pages? "produce a 1 page color document in as little as 11.5 seconds" is a bit ambiguous. Or is that just warmup?
Trying to print envelopes out of word on this printer. It wants to print the envelope to where the guides need to be set to the right, cant do that.
Can you print even when the color toners are out of ink?
Can you print 11 x 14 paper on this printer?
Does support Windows 7
Are starter toners provided with the priter? What are their expected yield pages?
Can I print 11 x 17 size paper?
Does it allow emailing scanned documents from printer?
Can this printer handle card stock?
does it scan legal size?
does it print duplex
This looks like a lesser version of the 410de. What's the difference?
What model is 28D0500? Is this not the CX410de?
Can I print from my Galaxy S4?
Trying to ship device to another location. Can you NOT send receipt to that location?
does it come as pictured with alphabetical dividers and filler paper
Does the binder have a small flap or pocket for a business card or note?
How thick is the spine?
Can you purchase business card pages for this binder?
Can you buy sheet protectors to fit?
Can filler sheets be bought for this binder?
How far apart are the rings?
Does the binder come with paper in it?
Is your ink in this cartridge pigment or dye based?
How do I get my printer to recognize these cartridges? They fit the slot, but don't print.
Worked fine for a year. Then just installed a driver for my Epson WP-4540, Now the printer says it cannot recognize the cartridges.
Why is yours better than other non OEM Epson 676XL cartridges?
The Ink cartridges are different than the picture and the color cartridges feel empty is this how the come
I love the price and the quality seems great, but they only use half the ink and the printer will no longer recognize the cartridge. Any ideas?
Can your Epson cartridges be used in the Epson 4630 printer? This printer appears to be the latest version of the Epson 4530.
Are these Pigmented inks or dye-based? Your description says:replacement ink cartridges... ensure OEM-equivalent yields &amp; performance-OEM is pigment
Can I change the color combination, I like 2 yellow, 4 blue and 4 red for same price.
Are these ink cartridges refillable?
Obviously this price is way cheaper but are the cartridges filled as full as the original product? For this price, you pay that for 1 black refill!
Do you sell a chip resetter for these cartridges?
I purchased another stand here, made by Mount-It and the two sides is about 1/2 lower. Wondering if this one sits the same. hoping its even across
Could this monitor arm be mounted to a tempered glass desk?
What is the diameter of the central upright pole please?
Getting an UpLift 900 desk with factory grommets drilled. How far in from the edge does the clamp go? Will 3 inches be enough room?
Ok I got my basically new off ebay. I'm having problems with center &amp; right,they tend to sag down, any help?
How much space do I need to mount this to the back of my desk?
How much space do you need on the back of your desk to clamp this onto the desk? I only have 2 inches of space to attach the mount to. Is that enough?
I have a glass desk. Do you think the clamp mout would be safe to use on it ?
if i have a screen in the center that has a width of 16.5 inches will that then allow me to mount on each side screens with a width of 22.2 inches ?
Can the base of the clamp be removed and reattached? There is only a small gap between the desk and cubical wall,and I don't think the clamp will fit.
do this work for the WF 7510 im ready to buy?
Why is the black cartridge larger than the black Epson cartridge I'm replacing? Does it just fit in the slot as is?
So far great, until a defective black cartridge. What are my options?
This is the 2nd time in a week where a half used cartridge all of a sudden gives the error "Cannot Recognize" on my Epson 7510. Why midway?
does this ink work on epson wf 3540 series
Did you make a mistake in the description - they really do not include any Magenta cartridges?
When I installed the first ink cartridge, I received the message on the printer that it does not recognize the ink cartridge. What do I need to do?
Have all these worked out for you? No streaks, failure to print when still half full, wont print, dried up in storage issues?
Does it work with the Epson Workforce 845? I have tried other reman. ink that doesn't work.
This might be a silly question, but do these ink cartridges have a self life?
what if cartridge is not recognized?
does it work Epson WF-7520 ?
dos this really work with the epson workforce 3540?
will this ink work in the Epson XP310
Has anybody successfully used these with a WF-3520??
Where are these manufactured?
Just to make sure do this cartridges fit epson wf 3520?
Are these pigment inks as with the OEM?
epson wf3530 any luck with these cartridges?
Does anyone know if this is till working with the epson 3540 running the latest firmware. Thanks
Are these cartridges extra High capacity and water resistent like the original Epson inks?
Will these work with Epson Workforce 545?
The prints are coming out very orange. Any ideas as to what is wrong?
How do you rate the color quality and longevity of photos versus the Epson cartridges?
Is this ink good for photo printing on glossy paper in terms of color matching/accuracy, saturation and sharpness (lack pf smearing)?
The black cartridge comes with the chip? if not, what should I buy?
Are these Blake Printing Supply remanufactured cartridges pigment-based like the originals, or dye-based?
would this work for WF 845
do these retro phones come with internal answering service
What are the dimensions?
The phone carries the iphone 5 when it is connected?
how far does it extend from the wall?
How tall is it?
what type of wall mount is needed? will it go onto a regular wall phone mount and plug into that mount??? wish they shown a rear view of the phone.
is this also a speaker phone??
Can the ringer be turned off?
Are any of the parts plastic, like the receiver,dial, hang up part etc.
What kind of warranty? How long is the cord?
Does the price include the cartridges?
how many copies do you get from the toner cartridges?
does it still print black and white if one of the color toners runs out?
Can you enable duplex printing on a permanent basis?
What Lexmark toner cartridges does it take? I have some fresh 540CG cartridges left over from a 544 printer that has gone to its reward...
does it print on glossy paper for photos
Is it normal for this printer to make a short buzzing sound every two seconds? The noise comes from the left panel. A circuit component about to fail?
Does this printer have the network adapter already installed? (MarkNetTM N8352 wireless network adapter)?
Will this printer print on 110 weight (lb) paper?
i have a32 bit windows7 operating system. Will this printer workC &gt;?
Does it take card stock?
does it include the toner's
This claims to be a photo printer-- is the quality up to par with an inkjet photo printer with the right paper?
what comes in the box ?
Does anyone know the resolution?
I bought this printer last year, I bought a Magenta cartridge online that causes printer to say, "replace unsupported magenta cartridge [32,36]" ????
Hello everyone, any idea as to the cost of the toners? How many toners am I supposed to change on this printer (I do not have experience with color p.
Can someone explain the resolution in (2400 x 600) dpi and (1200 x 120 dpi) I would like to understand the difference before please.
It print glossy paper?
Hi everyone, does this printer print well on a 100 Ib paper; I need to print brochures. Thanks
will this printer print business cards
Does this printer come with toner?
can you use this as a wireless printer
16 pin or USB cable??
does a E260 22G toner cartridge fit in this printer?
does this come w/ toner or does one have to purchase toner also?
does it use cartridges
How do you single feed letterhead? We printed an envelope no problem, but can't feed the letterhead the same way/???
Does the Lexmark MS310dn Mono Laser Printer work with Windows 8?
Does this printer use the same toner cartridge as the lexmark e232 printer?
will it work on a eithnet network (Cat5 conectotr) Network printer
Does this come with ink?
whats the difference between a ms310d and a ms 310dn?...is it the printer cartridge?
Can the toner cartridge be refilled instead of replaced?
Will this work with windows 2000 operating system?
this printer has a phone too?
Does it print envelopes without jamming?
Does this printer use E450A11A printer cartridges?
is t lexmark ms310d wireless
i ordered this product and it does not have a usb cord will u send me one? thanks
can this printing be set up for wireless service?
is this inluded the cartridge?
Can you scan by hitting a button on the printer, or do you have to use software on your computer?
What brand of paper should be used with the Lexmark MX310dn Mono Laser MFP
Can this machine feed multiple sheets to be faxed?
Will this print in terminal services mode (remote connection)?
does it have wifi
This printer works with 110 voltage?
Print on card stock?
Does this compatible with 240V power? I think Amazon should include power detail to their products for overseas buyers
Is the item durable?
I've never purchased remanufactured cartridges. Does anyone know how well this works for photos?
Will these work for Epson Artisan 835
Has this worked for the Artisan 800?
I've tried to use remanufactured cartridges before, but my printer does not recognize them. So I've lost $$$ by trying them. Will these work?
So when the printer no longer prints, how do you know which cartridge is empty?
Will they work with Artisan 725
Is the ink pigment based or dye based?
What if the printer wont take expired ink, even if the cartridge is still full? do these do that?
I have an Artisan 810 printer, and got ink E-99x series from Blake. Do you know if those are compatible wtih the T098x ink?
Will this work with a HP deskjet 3515?
I need info about hp4645 all in one printers
what is the expiration date?
I would like to order the 662 HP Deskjet tri-color XL cartridge; as well as the XL black cartridge, but I can't find them here. Please tell me where?
Does it support HP 4500?
Does it work with HP Deskjet ink advantage 1516?
Is this one work for a HP Deskjet ink advantage 1515?
Is this one work for a HP Deskjet ink advantage 1515?
would this work for hp deskjet 2515?
I have a HP deskjet Ink Advantage 3515, will this work?
Does the pump on this chair pump up or down?
what is the weight limit? what is the seat dimensions?
Does the base have a 4" space configuration. If not do you have other chairs with the 4" configuration.
does it recline?
Does the pen come with an ink converter?
Hello. Is the point retractable?
Is the nib on this pen Fine or Medium?
Can u Adjust the Resolution Scan in this Device, I read someone review which says it scans 20 MegaPixels [5472 x3648[, Can U Lower the scan to say 10 or 15 Megapixels?
Which flash memory card works with this device? Thanks.
will 2x2 slide work in scanner ?
I'm contemplating buying F2D20 or similar...can I put finished product on a CD?
does this device convert 110 slides
Can you load the photo directly on you computer and bypass the SD card?
I just got the Wolverine F2D14 14 mp version at a higher price. Results don't look that sharp. Will I get better results with this 20 mp version, F2D2
Has anyone had the wolverine 20 MP fail to turn on? Just got mine and I'm having trouble.
can the flash memory cards be used to convert to dvd?
How are the pictures numbered, when the unit is shut down does it start numbering over when doing more scans?
How many pages will it yield ?
is this compatiable with P1102W?
How do you get around the "Non HP cartridge in use" error. Unable to print with this cartridge install, swap the OEM back in prints just fine?
Fits a HP1102W?
My computer is telling me it cant read the ink cartridge and its only printing about 1/4 inch on the left and right. Nothing in the middle.
Do the barbs stay in the clothing without coming out easily?
Does this come with extra needles and plastic barbs? It shows a picture of them but doesn't officially say that they are included in the description.
instruction
The 74XL is longer than the 75XL. Only the 75XL fits my printer. Any way I can make the 74XL (blk) fit?
I tried most of what was suggested my canon printer is denying the ink and i cant get it to print?
My HP Photosmart printer gives an error message: 'Print cartridge missing or not detected.' Know how I can get my HP printer to ignore that message &amp; print? Thanks!
Since these are refurbished cartridges, I'm assuming their dates have expired. Pls let me know if not. My printer will not use expired cartridges.
question about product --- are the black ink cartridges # cb336wa as shown on the picture
Is there any conversion or adapters need to switch from HP74 to HP74 XL
is this tape self sealing? or water activated?
Is the color brown or white?
How many rolls would I buy to make a dress form?
Does this tape work for registered mail? I saw one other that a reviewer said works for registered mail but it was even more expensive.
How many rolls come for this price?
Is this the non-reinforced tape?
I just put in a Black c6656an from E-Z in and I keep gettin a notice to align. Was there a trick to this?
does work with psd 1315
Where do they mail from?
how many pages can the canon 104 print.
Hi, I have the Canon MF4200 Series UFRII LT; is this toner compatible with my printer? Thanks...
does it work with canon d480 imageclass
Are these manufactured in China?
is this compatible with lexmark X7300 Series
is this compatible with the x7300 series
Is this compatible with Lexmark xp 6170?
Will these work ok in an X8350? I do not mind the inaccurate levels, but I need to know if it will print without having to clear a warning each time.
Will this ink cartridge work with lexmark all in one X5450 refurbished printer?
Can i get two color instead of one of each?
Re: E-Z Ink Remanufactured Ink Cartridge Replacement. Will this product work with a Lexmark Z810 printer. Please do let me know.
How clear is the display? Is it as clear as the display on Amazon's description page? Thanks to all who answered. I am getting responses that are opposite in their feeling about the display. Thanks to all in case I missed anyone. It seems most people...
what are the F keys for
What type of battery does the SCD-2110 require?
Can You Turn Off the Speaking Device or Make it Lower?
What is the main differences between SCD_2100(silver) and this model (SCD-2110)?
do you have to be connected to the inter net to use
hi i need to know if this device have arabic and turkish and english language and its repeat the word and its speaking device
is this english to english medium
Is there a Bookman card for it
How many actual words does it give definition to?
Will it allow you to print in black when a color is empty? ("It should" is an opinion, not an answer). I agree it should but many don't.
What is the difference between HP 5515 and 5525 other than the wireless option and the necessity of buying 4 separate cartridges.
can I hook up to computers to this printer,or do i need more equipment
Is this printer Google Cloud print ready?
What cartridge do I buy for the hp 5525 e?
Idles it work on Mac computers?
Black ink works when color cartridges empty?
are the ink cartridges refillable?
How wide is the open shelf? I'm looking for an attractive stand for my turntable and the receiver (which is 19-1/8" wide) underneath.
can this handle a 20 gal fish tank
How much weight could this hold? I am looking for a slot machine stand.
Are the doors reversible? I'd like a mirrored set...one left and one right opening.
What are the dimensions? Heigth? Depth? Width?
This kit has 2 J legs instead of J and K and can't be assembled. How do I get a K? I don't want to try to pack everything in that box and ship it back
Can this cabinet be obtained in other finishes? Black or white?
Is there a shelf inside the closed cabinet?
What are the dimensions of the closed cabinet space behind the door?
assembly
what head set do i need
My headset is suddenly stopped working. Phone is working fine. But when I put the headset on, not able to hear anything. Can you please suggest? I see the blue light on the headset means that it is active (I guess).
Can I keep the ringer ON, but mute the talking Caller I.D.? I can't figure out how to do this. Thanks!
can you buy extra cordless phones for this system?
Is this system expandable?
do i need a special adapter for headphones
How do you get the remote to work? I have the batteries in it. I plugged it in and just the bottom seat is vibrating.
What kind of batteries does it take and how many? how long does it run ?
How many massage motors and how many preprogrammed modes?
Is the massage a vibration type massage or a kneading type massage. Do you recommed for all day at computer or do you recommend another type of chair
is this product brand new???? and do you offer free shipping aswell??
how high is the seat off the floor?
looking for an 8 x 10 Green Record Book 7520-00-222-3525?
You said that these books have a cloth cover, but someone left a review that these do not have cloth covers. Which is it?
Is the hardcover actual fabric, or the faux paper kind that are being sold elsewhere on Amazon?
How many pages does the journal have?
Can you confirm the 5 colors are Red, Orange, Yellow, Green, and Blue ?
So there is 100 wristbands per color... correct? There will be 500 wristbands total?
I want to confirm that there are 100 wristbands in 5 different colors for a total of 500 wristbands. Please confirm before I order. Thx
Does this scan and provide detailed info on the ISBN? This is for home inventory,need the associated title/author/etc for books/dvds.
Can it be used with a laptop?
is this a pack of 2?
Is this this plug and Play?
is this mac os x compatible?
Does it work well with MacBook Pro?
How many pages per letter?
Is the book expandable with refills?
do they fit password journal
do they fit password journal
is it alphabetical
How many pages are there in the complete journal?
are the pages alphabatized
Are tere alphabetical tabs?
Since this does not have the reset button for the chips, will they reset themselves or does this system have a shelf life?
Will it work with firmware version WB15D3 38.38 on Epson Artisan 837?
When the ink runs out, can I refill the resevoir? Do I replace that one? Do I have to buy the whole system again?
How do you reset the cartriges ? I have a Atisan 730
What does ribbon less printer mean? I have a Zebra S4m Printer.
What is the core diameter and outer diameter?
Are they perforated?
Is the core 4" or 2"?
Are the front two extensions moveable ?
Do you have a troubleshooting guide? I am still having issues installing - it does not recognize the cartridge. I read the other reviews, hasn't helpe
Is it compatible with the Samsung CLP-310 printer?
Will it work with a CLX 3170 printer and has the chip been hagd so that the printer recognises the cartridge and accepts it.
How high and wide is the space underneath the shelf? I am looking to place my laptop and docking station underneath.
Are the USB ports powered - does the stand plug in for separate power to the USB or does it get all it's power from the computer?
Will this support a 30" Apple Cinema Display or 30" Dell Monitor?
IS THE PHONE HOLDER CAN FIT IPHONE 6 PLUS ?
For those who put a monitor (e.g. 27" mac) on the stand, do you experience any problem with the glass stand? Does the middle part sag ?
What is the inside measurement for the stand - I have a keyboard that is larger than a mac board.
Is there anything we can add on (purchase) to charge phones as well?
is the phone charger for iphone 5?
Can the cup holder be put on the left side (left handed) and the phone holder on the right?
Will this be ok for a 27" PC monitor?
I have an epson 435 workforce. The actual epson cartridges say Epson 124. Will these work?? Thanks so much!
Is the color quality the same as the OEM cartridges? Please put me on your email listing.
I don't need any black cartridges, but need the Cyan, Yellow and Magenta ones, do you sell these alone?
On an NX330 do you get any system messages that say "not a genuine Epson" cartridge? Any problems using it?
Will this work with Epson Workforce 545?
Does it work well on EPSON NX420?
Will you sell this many in all black for similar price?
Will these cartridges work in an Epson WF-3540 printer?
Are these correct for my Workforce 600?
does this type of paper work for Aloha POS system?
do these rolls have end of roll indicator to let you know when the rolls are running low?
Does this paper fit TSP600s?
does this fit the TSP100s?
does this type of paper fit espon m129h
I have a Bixolon: Model SRP 35011. Will this paper work for it or is there another you recommend?
I would like to buy 5 cases (250 rolls). Can I get free shipping?
What size are these protectors?
will they fit a 3/4 inch leg base circumference?
How many are in a package?
How many dimensions of floor savers are there? This is basic information, but apparently it is not readily available.
Hey, Do you know if these with fit on chair legs thats 1" square?
We bought new kitchen dinning table and have hardwood floors. The legs are squares rather than round, would they fit OK? if not, any suggestions?
My chair legs are 1" diameter, but only 1/2" clearance before leg scrolls. Can it be cut down? Would it stay on?
DO THESE FIT NICKEL SIZE CHAIR LEGS ?
how do you determine size needed, do they fit rectangle legs?
How many characters or statements are programmable?
can this be use with windows 8?
Hey guys, is this able to be hooked up to a running laptop with a constant RSS feed update?
Hello, I understand the product's size is 26 x 4 x 1.4 inches. Please tell me whats the packaging size, i need to know if i can fit it in luggage.
How many sheets are there in one pack?
Do the sheets have perforated edges so that we can tear it out?
Can you successfully print on this paper using an inkjet or laser printer?
Has anyone had the felt separate from the plastic?Durability?
Is the 1.25 inches an inside dimension or outside dimension? My Chair legs are one inch in diameter.
Hey, Do you know if these with fit on chair legs thats 1" square?
Do you think these will fit a round bar stool leg 1.5" in diameter
Do these clear sleeve floor savers come in a size that fits 7/8" square legs?
What sizes do the floor protectore come in?
Any product for square metal dinette chairs?
I want to use this for metal folding chairs. Should I get the 1" or the 1-1/4 inch?
Are these made of Flexi-Felt?
Will these fit chair legs that start out at the bottom at 1" diameter, then widen to almost 2", then get narrower again?
Can I link it to 2 devices? I want to use it for my iPhone 4 and my iPod nano 7 gen?
This is the Microsoft-optimized version. Does it require special drivers to be installed when using the USB adapter? (Sandboxed computer from work)
When is the ear piece fully charged? Is it when the light is solid blue, or does the light go off when charged? Thanks.
Has anyone used this headset while wearing glasses? Is it comfortable for a long period of time?
does this work with all cell phones? we have iphones
Can it be used in either the right or left ear?
Any thoughts on the distance this still works well from the PC?
what is included in tne package ???????
Does it have a hold button ? Or I suppose the mute button would work as a hold??
my tablet doesn't have a USB for the Dongle, can I still pair to its bluetooth setting?
Can I link it to 2 devices? I want to use it for my iPhone 4 and my iPod nano 7 gen?
This is the Microsoft-optimized version. Does it require special drivers to be installed when using the USB adapter? (Sandboxed computer from work)
When is the ear piece fully charged? Is it when the light is solid blue, or does the light go off when charged? Thanks.
Has anyone used this headset while wearing glasses? Is it comfortable for a long period of time?
does this work with all cell phones? we have iphones
Can it be used in either the right or left ear?
Any thoughts on the distance this still works well from the PC?
what is included in tne package ???????
Does it have a hold button ? Or I suppose the mute button would work as a hold??
my tablet doesn't have a USB for the Dongle, can I still pair to its bluetooth setting?
Can I link it to 2 devices? I want to use it for my iPhone 4 and my iPod nano 7 gen?
This is the Microsoft-optimized version. Does it require special drivers to be installed when using the USB adapter? (Sandboxed computer from work)
When is the ear piece fully charged? Is it when the light is solid blue, or does the light go off when charged? Thanks.
Has anyone used this headset while wearing glasses? Is it comfortable for a long period of time?
does this work with all cell phones? we have iphones
Can it be used in either the right or left ear?
Any thoughts on the distance this still works well from the PC?
what is included in tne package ???????
Does it have a hold button ? Or I suppose the mute button would work as a hold??
my tablet doesn't have a USB for the Dongle, can I still pair to its bluetooth setting?
can you attach to an existing screw? sticking out of tile wall left from original doorstop
can you explain me how to install it? it doesn't have any instructions and comes with a metal part that seems like a nut but I don't know how it works
can I use this door stop outdoors , or will it rust?
Can this sharpen colored pencils?
Does this model have a hole that will fit the chubby (pre-school) sized Ticonderoga Tri-Write pencils? Thank you.
What is the difference in performance with the X-ACTO SharpX Performance Electric Sharpener (other than the side entry)?Is this model just as good?
What is this item's warranty?
I am a teacher from Spain. I need to Know if this electric sharpener works with spanish kind of electricity. Thanks.
How do you move the dial for different sized pencils? - mine won't budge
Does this printer have an automatic feeder where you can put a stack of paper in to be copies and walk away?
Will it print Wireless with iMac &amp; iMac pro &amp; HP windows 7?
does it work with apple? Mac, iPhones iPads
If color ink is out will the printer still print a black and white page?
Putting aside iphone and ipads, will it work with mavericks os?
Does the glass allow for the scanning of an 11 x 17 or copying, can you put 11 x 17 paper in the unit or is there another tray available for this
Does it scan as OCR for Word Processing?
Can you use one tray to print envelops??
Does it come with all 4 color cartidges in the box?
picture quality?
Hi. Nice to meet you. I would like to know if it needs any software for works? It comes with the item? Please lket me know. I want to proced to pay
How do I get the USB on the device and computer to connect?
I won't able to download attendance report from the device to my USB. How can I fix it?
how do i get the software to work? tried in three different computers and it does not install
In what format can the report be downloaded from the device? CSV? Plain text? Can someone provide a sample?
When i try to run the setup folder, I get this error message: E:\Setup\Setup.exe is not a valid WIN32 Application
I have over 100 employees, will this work?
Do we have to reset the clock and date each time the device is disconnected from power? Because we kill electricity after working hours
How can i clock out?
Where can I find infomrmation about the management system/software?
how to turn off the sound on the base unit when incoming messages are playing
what batteries does it take
Can base unit be wall mounted?
does this system have 2 lines?
Does each phone have it's own speaker ? My old Uniden phones do but I couldn't see it in the pics, thanks
Has the Uniden D1484-4 been discontinued? What is the replacement.
Do these units have volume controls on each handset or a Boost Audio on the main handset?
Is it expandable to 8 lines and is it a 2 line capable?
Does this phone base connect to a computer ?
Does this system have room monitoring? I would like to be able to listen and talk to my kids in another room without them having to answer the handset
What are the dimensions? Does it hide the cards completely?
Can the CardNinja only be used once?
Can this be used on a Samsung Note 3?
Does anyone know if the card ninja will fit inside the Otterbox Defender?
Would it stick on a Moto X? The back of the phone is slightly curved, CardNinja would have to bend slightly to fit.
Will proximity to the phone battery demagnetize your credit cards?
could it be used on any regular samsung smartpone ? like S2
Will this card ninja stick perfectly to a leather case?
Would it stick to a CandyShell Grip case?
Would this stick/fit on a LIFEPROOF CASE (Iphone 5c)?
Are the color cartridges high yield ink cartridges?
Are the 920XL compatible with HP 6500A printer?
Does this ink comes with chip frame or it already have chip at the bottom just like the original hp ink
is this ink with chip at the bottom or you need a chip frame
do these cartridges come with the chips on them?
are they able to these cartridges to work with the multi-functional printer HP 3052?
Do these come with ARC chips?
Would this work for HP 309 and HP PHOTOSMART 7525 ?
would this work for HP Deskjet 3525 all in one?
If I get H2D handset I can direct all calls on line 2 to that handset only. Can I direct all calls on line 1 away from that handset?
Does this phone work with 220 votes in asia or it would require power converter?
What are the advantages of this handset, over using Panasonic DECT6 cordless handsets (that have good audio quality)?
Does this phone have a port for a head set?
What exactly do I need to buy to have Ooma up and running?
Can you use the Ooma handset in addition to your regular handsets or do you have to use one type or the other?
Can phone be muted while on speaker?
I bought the HD2 and think the battery life is terrible. What is the typical talk-time and standby time?
If I purchase this does it have the ability to send and receive faxes?
could I connect this phone via the internet to google voice or skype?
REALLY??? $19,000.00 for one of these with 25 cards?
what are the dividers. months or special occasion
I bought a box cards from costco. Loved hem . Are these same ?
what are the dimensions of the cards?
size of the cards
Is this box made from heavy-duty cardboard? How sturdy is it?
What are the dimensions of the largest size card that will fit in the box? I have a "brand-x" box and a lot of the cards I buy won't fit in it.
are these cards blank inside?
Would these cards be business appropriate?
do they need extra postage?
What is the range on the portable safety pendant? I'd love to be able to take it out in the yard.
My elderly mother is forgetful, can the safety pendant be worn around the neck?
this item include a Pendant but one of your questions and answers states that it is too big to be wear on the neck... what's the point of the pendant?
I can't get the cordless handset to work. It's fully charged, have unplugged &amp; replugged everything, won't work-even if near base phone. Suggestions?
Does this have intercom between handsets?
Does the handset have a speaker phone and how is it activated?
does this phone work if the power goes out?
is this phone connected to the Internet in order to work. I do not have the old fashion "Land Line/hard Line" so how does one receive service?
I'm sorry, but I want to be certain: This product includes the corded base, a portable handset &amp; the pendant. Correct?
Whats in the box?
what are the dimensions?
Does this have a zip-loc at the top to secure the ID inside?
Approximately how many standard ID cards are able to fit in these?
Are these waterproof?
I have the same question. What year does this planner start with? I need a planner that starts in 2014. Please advise.
Is this planner a big ring notebook or flat like college subject planners
is it refillable ? Thanks
What is the difference between the Ooma Telo Free Home Phone Service and the Ooma Linx VoIP Phone and Device?
Our ooma telo base is at 1st floor but our fax (office) and also our bedroom is at 2nd floor, are we going to have good service by buying ooma linx?
Can I use this Ooma Linx VoIP as a phone and fax by attaching my Panasonic fax machine to it and what is the cost of the service?
what is the price for using it and also is it free in Canada
Do you need a Linx unit to use OOMAs "Enhanced Call Waiting" (where addl. phones ring when a 2nd call comes in)? Or is this avail. with just Premier?
Does anyone know if the Linx will connect to a different vendor's DECT 6.0 base station? DECT 6.0 is supposed to be an open standard (but ...)
Can you keep you existing home telephone number?
Have cable with modem &amp; router. 2Landlines-Uniden with 4 w/less handsts &amp; AIO HP fax. What accessories needed? Linx&amp;w/less?
how do I ensure a local area code?
Is having the Linx similar to having a landline phone?
Does this work with windows 8.1
Says it comes with rolls of 4"x6" labels, but the picture shows 1"x2&amp;5/8" labels. Are the extra labels 4"x6"?
is there a cutter on this printer to cut the label?
Is this compatible with a Mac? Any Etsy sellers with experience with this as well?
Does this product come with all power and connecting cables?
Does this item have the adjustable label holder/guide?
Prints fine from windows PC. But from mac the tracking bar code is very fuzzy. Anyone notice this? Thanks
Does this item include the power and usb cables?
Will this work with Ebay and/or Etsy shipping?
Which bag do we get? There are lots of different bags in the photos A: You get one each of the four bags in the photo. Scott Terry answered on April
flat bottom?
Which bag do we get? There are lots of different bags in the photos
Super random question...would it hold an always maxipad???
So now we only get one? Did'nt other people get four?
do i get all 4?
Do we get the set of 4 or just 1?
Where is this manufactured?
Why are people receiving only ONE? Its advertised as FOUR. Please answer.
I really want to order, but some customers received 4 and some only received one. How will I know if I will for sure receive all 4 bags?
What would you say the negatives about this product are? Did you like how the height can adjust? Is it stable at all the different adjustments?
I can only see a picture with slanted base. Can I adjust the slant or make it lie flat if I want to?
Is this stable when working on a hard surface?
is this pretty stable to use to study things in bed when sitting up?
My little dog likes to sit on lap...will he fit under the computer stand?...he is a yorkie mix.
Do the legs lock in all positions or just the widest?
Is there a big enough space underneath the surface to sit criss cross with your legs under the desk on a bed?
This table came with four black corner pieces. Anyone know where these go as the table came without any paperwork? Thanks!
Do the legs fold under the table itself? I want to be able to fold the legs under and store underneath a couch for storage... would this be possible?
Is this item fully assembled or not? Not showing the entire description.
I have an OfficeJet 620e. I'm not familiar with the term New Generation. Will this cartridge work in my printer?
Does this work for the printer HP Photosmart 5520?
Could you indicate if this would work for the printer HP 3520? I read some of the reviews saying that it doesn't...
Does it work with hp photos art 7525
Myth #1: Remanufactured cartridges always save you money? Is this HP propaganda? http://h30458.www3.hp.com/us/us/smb/t... "the high price of poor reliability and print quality, non-HP toner cartridges can actually cost up to 10% more than Original HP...
Is this the correct cartridge for a Photosmart 6525?
My cartridge is not working with my printer :/ I keep receive an error message that I can't bypass. "One or more cartridges are missing or damaged. "
Ink worked until "! Ink Cartridge Problem""The following ink Cartridge(s) appear to be missing or damaged." "Refer to Printer Documentation." Help...
Do these ink cartridges come with a chip or not? I'm looking particularly at the CN684WN (black cartridge) replacement.
Approximately how many pages will this print?
Are the slots big enough to hold pens? For example Micron pens.
Will this case hold Copic Sketch markers?
How big is the case out of the box? When I put 24 Prismacolor pencils in a row, they only measure 8 inches across.
Why are there no pencil holders on one side of one of the dividers?
Will the tips of the prismacolor premier soft core pencils get damaged in this case? would the tips push against material?
what about quality ? are those good to desing ?
Does the Deluxe Pencil Case come in a size that accommodates 132 Prismacolor pencils? If not, any suggestions on how to fit all 132 pencils in case?
does it hold 120 pencils and stuff cause it says it holds 24 pencils
Has anyone had success with a non-Brother adapter? I've tried several 9v adapters, but not one will power up the labeler. Thanks.
does the ink need to be replaced in this labeler?
Is it still in the box?
Greetings, Do you also have the Hebrew language
is that a 2 sided printer
Will it work with macBook Pro.
what is the ink cartridges for this unit?
will it tahe a scand disk card,will it do photos
is this all in one printer laser or ink jet?
does it support AirPrint?
How many pages per cartridge?
iF NOT A laser, is it a jet? what's the difference of these two? Thanks.
what exact model ink cartridge is "in the box"? the 800 pg standard, 2400 pg XL or an "under-filled " one time?
Can you print on cardstock
does it copy or scan?
The sole purpose I need is to print shipping labels for ebay. Any comments or experiences that address this issue?
How does this printer handle grayscale images? I want it to print instructions with B&amp;W photos.
Do I have to set up wireless connection with each computer on network?
can you print standard #10 envelopes with this printer?
Can I print film positives with this printer?
This isn't a true laser printer right? So do I need laser paper or just standard printer paper?
Does this come with a power adapter?
Does this phone have a wired headset jack? What size/type?
Can you disable the missed call notification?
does this work with skype?
Does this support AsteriskNOW?
Can you send a pic of the bak of this device for mounting?...I need about a 100.
How should I connect google voice account to this phone?
Is this product good for seniors who are not tech savvy and very shaky fingers to communicate and see their kids who live away? Is it user friendly?
Does it have automatic duplex printing or would I manually have to flip the pages?
Does it go to sleep to save power and wakes up when print is requested?
Does the printer stop printing when it thinks the toner is out? Does it allow you to take the toner out and shake it to get more copies?
what type of toner does this printer take?
When the paper tray is fully loaded are you able to close the tray door?
will it work for mac?
will this printer print on 4x6, 5x7 photo paper?
How close to the edge of the paper can this printer print (in mm if possible)? Or does it do borderless printing?
Does this printer support Apple Airprint ?
Can you print photos from this printer
Is this painted to look like foil or is it actually aluminum? Im trying to find some aluminum tape to deter a cat from chewing cords.
Does this tape come with a protective removable backing which has to be removed before applying this tape..
I would like to back weight my golf clubs, &amp; place a golf grip over it. Can I use this kind of foil tape, or is it too light?
Is it good for repairing BGA/Reballing ... I mean does it stand high temperature ?
If hot drinking water came in contact with this tape, would harmful chemicals leech into the water?
is this tape waterproof?
is this tape latex-free?
IS this tape lined or unlined?
Can this tape be used on dryer vent hoses
Does it reflect light well? I was thinking of using it of some flourescent grow lights.
Is it refillable?
I just ordered a hand stamp with return address- style 197. How do you know which first names to use?
how do i personalize this item?
How do I personalize this stamp?
I love everything about this stamp except the squiggle between words can it be replaced with a dot?
How many times can I use this stamp before I have to refill the ink?
how do i personalize this
How do I personalize this?
I am not going to order a rubber stamp if I can't personalize it before ordering! I would like to know how this is handled. I have not received an ema
Is the ink refillable in the stamp? If so where do you buy it?
How to replace ink?
Can I buy just a stamp disk for the round stampers or extra disks with the stamper?
How do I personalize it? Same as other questions, but there are no answers.
Can this be positioned over body while lying down and hold a small tablet like the kindle fire hd 6? thanks
will it hold a 2" hardcover book?
What is the height of the desk?
I am looking to have an easily convertible standing desk/sitting desk. Would this item be easy to use and stand up to everyday, long term use?
Will this work with a 17" laptop computer while sitting in bed? Thanks!
Does anyone know the best way to shorten the legs on this item?
Could this be used on top of a desk to create a portable standing desk? I'm looking for a platform for my laptop that will allow me to stand and type
Is this too high (10" in height) for placing a laptop on it and typing as one is lying on bed? I am a petite women (5' 1") with back problems. I am thinking of working on my laptop as I am lying on bed so that my back is not strained. Will this work...
How wide is it between outside of one leg to the other?
husband having head surgery and cannot bend his head down but loves to read the newspaper. Can this stand sit on top of a table so he can sit in a chair and read the paper using this stand?
Can you "ring" up multiple different items, using the tare function, and have it print all on one label/ recipt?
Hi, just wondering if this scale machine is legal for trade in Australia, WA &amp; weights of kgs and grams?? Also does is all software included? Cheers
this item use battery?
this item use battery?
IS THE LABELS ARE SELF ADHESIVE
How big is he scanning capacity? I would like to scan 12x12.
can you print on 12X12 scrapbook paper?
Does it print Tabloid 11x 17 inch paper?
Is this printer capable of printing on envelopes? What is the thickest paper you can put in there?
I'm looking to use this printer for print-and-cut with my die cut machine (crafting). Has anyone used a heavier weight cardstock with this printer?
I only want to print with black ink, never in color. Will the printer print with the color cartridges empty or missing from the unit?
I'm a pen and ink artist on a budget. Does this printer produce prints that would look nice framed and matted on someone's wall?
I have had this printer since August and in the last few weeks it has started making a horrible screeching noise when it prints. Anyone else?
Does it work with Windows 8?
does it have a stapler?
Epson Workforce 633 compatability?
will it for sure fit in an NX330 ?
These cartirdges will work with my workforce 520/525 series?
Does it work for the nx 300
Does the ink come with working chips?
is this a pack of four of one color or a pack of the four different colors?
Will these cartridges work on a NX430?
My Workforce 633 has cartridges T127xxx. Do these fit my printer?
will this work with the workforce 3540?
does it display ounces?
does it hold the weight readout or do you have to read it while holding?
Would this be recommended over the EatSmart Precision Voyager Digital Luggage Scale?
Has anyone tested the accuracy?
What is a tare function?
once you get the weighted number can you lock it, or locks it automatically , or how do you lock the screen to see the weight ?
How long does the battery last?
is the hook that holds the luggage metal or plastic?
Does it show the weight in kg?
Is there a sound when the weighing is finished?
I draw all day long and I was wondering if the cushion on the chair is comfortable ? it does not look like it is.
How high will this chair raise?
I was was wondering how wide the chair is at the wheels. Is it wider than the seat? I can't tell from the picture. Thanks.
what is the weight limit for this chair
Can I purchase new wheels/casters for my chair?
Does this chair recline any?
Does this chair arrive assembled?
Can this chair become stationary ?
what sort of a warranty is there with this chair?
What is the aprox. diameter of the wheel base? I have limited space clearance. Thanks!
What is the base that holds the wheels made of?
What heights does the chair extend to.
Are the arms optional, or do they have to be put on?
I bought this chair without arms. Is there a way we could buy the arms separately? Thanks!
HOW DO I MAKE A WARRANTY CLAIM
Is the seat comfortable to sit on for long periods or does the cushion become uncomfortable?
How wide is the seat on this chair? What is the seat height adjustable range?
Is this product shipping from the US
Can the arms be moved outwards as a 19.5" seat doesnt sound comfortable.
Does this chair tilt?
What are the seat dimensions?
Does any of your Big and tall chairs arrive fully assembled?
I'm 6'5" and about 280 lbs. Is this wide and strong enough to support me?
seat heigth
With the seat and armrests fully lowered, what is the distance from the floor to the top of the armrests? I only have 24" clearance under my desk.
How long is the warranty?
How much does it weigh..?
Has anyone used this on eyebrow or liner pencils...that's what I'd be using it for
Does it have a non-skid bottom (rubber or other material)?
Can you use rechargeables in this sharpener?
what are its dimensions? I cant believe it is 6 inches in length and width as noted in the specifications
Does it sharpen jumbo pencils or only standard size
does it work well with prismacolor color pencils?
does it have any rubber on the bottom to hold it steady
Does this battery operated pencil sharpener sharpen pencils the way electric pencil sharpeners would?
do large pencils fit?
Although the picture on Amazon is two cartridges does the sale mean two cartridges or one?
C4210 is listed, but not C4200, which is what I have, so I assume it won't work with mine?
Do you have hp 74xl black ink available in a 2-pack, or an offering for one 74xl and one 75xl together? Where are they listed? Thank you
I have a Canon MF4800. The cartridge says it's #128. I just wanted to double check if this 3-pack cartridge will work for this printer?
Work with MF4770n?
is it work for model MF4770n
HOW MANY COPIES DOES A TONER CARTRIDGE MAKE?
Will this work[C3500B001AALASER TONER CART] for a D500 series
Do they work on Imageclass D530??
I have bought 128 toner twice with other sellers on Amazon but neither worked with my MF4570dn. I just wanted to ask, does this one fit my MF4570dn?
does is work for mf4890 dw
Q: Does this work for the Canon ImageClass D530
Does this work for the Canon ImageClass MF4880dw?
Do I have to break anything inside the printer, like the cover to the inks, to get this installed as I had to on another model and brand?
I am new to this CIS feature as I just ordered a WF-3540. I read the reviews. Does using this CIS void the warranty in any way?
These ink is for sublimation ??
How do I refill the ink reservoir and with what ink? Dye or pigment? Any recommendations?
Does it work with Epson WF-2540?"
I have had nothing but problems with this the quality of the print is not passable
This system works with WF-3530? (uses the same inks cartridges)
Does it work with Epson WF-2540
Does it work with WF-3520, after it's latest firmware update ? Recognizing the chips ? Thanks
Does it work with Epson WF-3640
Does this work on the WF-2630? If now which one does.
Does it come with any kind of warranty or guarantee?
this work for Epson Workforce WF-2540?
I've purchased this system was very excellent And now I want the same ink in the system how to get it &#x61F;&#x61F;&#x61F;
Good evening I have a brand epson wf 2540 is that this continuous system can be installed for this printer
Is it sturdy enough for wood panels?
does this board it use Chalk to write or use market to write ?
how thick of a sign/ board can this hold?
If I want to buy online whiteboard panels to fit this, where do I look?
Is this hat box made of paper or cardboard? want something strong and sturdy for a top hat.
I have many GODFATHER HATS,will this handle them?Size 7 3/8
Is it 12" wide(diameter) or 12" high?
What color is the inside of the box?
How many hats does this hold
Is this 7 1/2 in tall and 12 in wide
Does it have a sweeping second hand or does it audibly tick?
How loud is the alarm and is it adjustable?
Does it have an alarm clock? Is it easy to set and reset being that it is an analog clock?
Does it work on battery?
Do they work in Artisan 800?
Does this work with the Epson Artisan 725?
Will these work with my Epson Artisan 730?
Will this set work with Epson Artisan 837 ?
does Cartridges has ink in it , can I replace full set on my Epson ARTISAN with these Cartridges ?
Will my Artisan 710 recognize these cartridges?
Is this actually a Brother brand item or is it just a "compatible" item?
I have installed the new toner and drum, but keep getting blank pages. Any suggestions?
This package contains: 2 Replacement toner cartridge &amp; drum to replace Brother DR400 TN460 Toner Cartridges &amp; Drum ( 1 Toner, 1 Drum ). which is it
1 or 2 toner carts.or per This package contains: 2 Replacement toner cartridge &amp; drum. / or per1 Toner + 1 Drum Replacement
This ink is water resistant?
Are they compatible with Epson Artisan 837 printer?
Both of my black inks have been rejected. Are there any tips or do I just need to try and get a refund?
Will I be able to use these with my Epson artisan 835 printer
will this work with my artisan 730?
Do the cartridges come with chip? Will my epson artisan 835 recognize them? Do I have to do something in my printer before install them, unlock somet?
Is this plotter software Mac compatible?
does this plotter work with Rhinestone patterns?
will this cutter manual contour cut
does this print and cut and is it Mac Compatible?
does it work with paper transfer
Can this machine cut out graphics that are printed on vinyl? &amp; does it work well with coreldraw x6?
Is there anyway change the sleep time? It goes to sleep way to quick and we need it to be active for a longer period of time. Thanks
Can this scanner be programmed to drop the first check digit?
I need a users manual. Never received one when I purchased the scanner. How do I get one?
The documentation the company emailed us is extremely vague. Anyone know how to get started with this scanner?
I print coupon. How many pages should I be able to print per cartridge?
Do they fit in the HP Deskjet 2540? The Cartridges have the exact name but printer is not listed.
Do they work in the HP Deskjet 2540? The names of the cartridges are the same, but the printer is not listed
Is price for two cartridges?
Does it come with Part #: BA2110? I am having issue connecting to my MBP.
Does this pair well with Windows computers? Or just Apple products?
I just received this Mindeo MS3390 scanner, but I can't figure out how to get the onscreen directions into English. Help please. - Thanks!
can you use a corded headset with the phones?
Does this unit have a hold function on the base and the handsets?
Does it have an intercom
The Panasonic set we now have temporarily mutes the conversation on line one when the second line rings. Does this set do that?
do the handsets have a headphone jack?
Is this system compatible with AT&amp;T U-Verse Phone (VOIP)?
is it new or refurbished? and i does it have a warranty,
is there an answering machine
Does this phone have an intercom system? My boss wants to be able to buzz me from his office instead of yelling for me.
If line one is being used and a secondary person picks it up, will it interrupt that call or automatically go to line 2 with a dial tone?
I don't believe this printer actually has wireless capabilities as the title indicates. Please confirm.
What is the total printable width on 8.5" wide paper? What are the allowable margins?
is the printer delivered with ink? if so what capacity?
What is weight of heaviest cardstock you can use?
Are the installed ink cartridges starter cartridges, or are they the full ink versions.
Does it have a scanner?
Does it have a scanner?
Any guesstimate how long would a cartridge last when not used before it just dries out?
Does this printer have the necessary Apple technology to print from an iPad?
How is the print quality compared to a color laser printer, particularly in an office setting with charts, etc.?
Does this printer come with big starter cartridges 3000 pages black and 2500 pages cym color like the tech spec says? or 700 page ink like my OLD HP?
How is it for Envelopes, do they smear, how many can be fed at a time, smallest, largest, time to print 500 #10's in high quality setting?
How many #10 Envelopes (return address) per minute after the 1st minute can it print, so I could extrapolate Envelopes per hour,same data on each one.
My printer is giving me an error that the output tray is blocking the flap, when i open the flap the doc prints but only comes 1/4 way out.how to fix?
1. Can you duplex on to card stock without massive jams?
When you purchase a new HP Officejet Pro x476dn, or x576dw are toner cartridges included?
Do you have to install all the ink cartridges for the printer to work, are you able to install just the black ink cartridge if that's all you are using at the time? I had a Kodak ink jet which required the all the ink cartridges to be installed to...
has anyone used this printer to print notecards and envelopes (smaller sizes, such as A5, A6)? Any problems with thicker paper?
Does this printer copy to email?
Is this printer good with photos?
Does this printer handle #10 envelopes well? Are there any feed issues and is a separate tray necessary?
How is this on curled pages? I've been through three color laser units because the paper curl is so severe that they jam in our folding machine.
This printer states that it is a wireless printer. Is it truly wireless, or does it have to be hooked up to a router?
Does this printer support borderless printing? If not what is the minimum margin it can print? Does it print automatic 2 sided borderless brochures?
Is it still wireless and is it compatible iPhone and iPad
Would like to know why this model is $100 less than the X576dw? Is it just the printing speed or are there other features that are different?
I print mostly black and white. Can the printer continue to print if one of the ink cartridges are low (e.g. a color not used much) ?
Will this product print pre-punched 3 ring paper? My Epson does not.
I'm used to my Brother copier with toner that doesnt seem to ever dry. Does this ink for HP dry up and waste money?
If I am only going to be use the black ink, I shouldn't need to replace the colors?
Can this mfp feed/scan old-school traditional photos? e.g. a stack of 5x7's developed and printed on real kodac photo paper?
Will the drivers recognize Word 10 and Hallmark 12 for envelopes? Our 8600 as useless in printing envelopes. Tech support no help. We will trash it!
Does the 476 and 576 printers support the 2-sided to 2-sided copying function?
Can you scan directly to email?
How many pages can it print at one time?
does it come with ink cartridges?
can you duplex documents? we do a lot of handouts with 15-20 pages each, I need to be able to print 25 -50 of these at one time.
When using the scanner, can you direct the scanned document to go to different computers on the same network or email addresses? We have three separate users that will all be scanning documents.
Does the top lift up so you can copy a bound book?
Can someone tell me if this printer's ink resembles the laser toner, i.e. does not dry quickly like the inkjet inks do, if you don't print regularly?
My iMac is OS X Yosemite. Will this All-in-one printer function properly on my iMac?
How is the ADF, I had a 8500 and despite my love for HP Printers the scanner on it sucks!!!! I ended up having to buy a flat bed.
Is this printer good with printing photos?
The printer itself seems really nice,but is it worth getting considering a set of xl cartridges costs about $400?
Can I block incoming faxes
It needs to connect a PC to supply the powe. There is no way to use the scanner without additional device. Is it correct?
does it work with windows 8?
Can it scan color docs?
Is it able to make multiple single pages into one document after it's scanned, or will it scan multiple pages as one document?
Does it scan documents into Word 2010 format?
How fast does it scan a black and white page?
Is this scanner compatible with the Ecopy application? I am looking for a new, reliable scanner for my work that can handle repetitive daily use.
Does this plug in using a USB? Would it work quickly with receipts?
Which version of Paperport does it come with?
I didn't see any dpi scanning levels - is it 600dpi - or?
does it have a memory card slot
can it handle card stock
How is this printer's photo quality?
how do I scan pictures
Can this printer scan directly to a USB thumb drive inserted in the printer without a computer connected?
how to scan photo to apple computer
I have one of the new Hp all in one computers, will this printer be campatible with the computer. I
will it acept remanufactured ink
What is the difference between the HP 7525 and the HP 7520?
Will the printer take HP02 ink?
What are the measurements of the chair?
How many positions does it have ? Does it go bk all the way ?
Hello. Does the recliner have several positions and is it operated by remote control? Thank you.
Hi, just wondering what the difference between this power recliner and a true "lay "flat" one is? I sat in a lay flat one and loved it! Does this la
Does it have lumbar support?
How much assembly is required? Should I have a handy man available to assemble?
how far from the wall should chair be placed in order to recline
is there a recommended weight limit? i weigh 300 lbs.
I'm looking for a chair that my 6'4" brother could use. Will this one work?
Where can I find assembly instructions?
Is there a USB port
Can you print from iPads ans iPhones with this printer (HP 3056A)?
compatable with windows 7?
I bought ink jet 60 for my deskjet 3056a. It is the wrong cartridge. It takes 61 can I still use the 60?
Can I print "iron on transfers" on this printer?There is a warning on the iron on not to use with some HP machines so just wondering about this model,
Good evening, could you tell me the weight, size, length and type of cartridges you use this printer. Thanks Greetings ...
Printer 1 year old. Never used it until this week. The paper won't feed through. It jams immediately. Can this be fixed? Is there a driver I need?
xp
Can I use my camera's memory card to transfer pictures via this printer to my computer?
ipad
Is the lid "hinged" or completely "lift off" ?
Does the box have "dividers" inside with category tabs separating the different types of cards? Showing a photo of the inside would have been helpful
Is there space in the box to file additional cards? What are the box's measurements? Thanks!
Do they offer refills?
Do the cards need extra postage
are each cards different?
Are these the same ones that Costco is curently selling? I just bought theirs but want more, and hoping these are not the same.
Do those cards include kids birthday cards?
Are there words in the cards or are they blank
Is the ink cartridge still working well? Are you getting a yellow cauton triangle showing on the ink levels usig these cartridges?
These cartridges can be refilled?
Do these cartridges have the chip on them?
is 950xl the same as 950?
can the 950 xl and 951xl be used for the hp office jet pro 8600?
will work in venezuela?
The POS wireles is? Operate in Venezuela. The software is in Spanish. What is the price of the POS. (I need about 03 POS.)
what is the part number and is it unlocked?
Do you need Internet connettion to use smart car reader ?
Is this PCI encrypted?
is this unlocked and does it come with a pin pad
Does the terminal work on the Elavon network?
why is it only 1.00
Is it EMV compliant?
will this terminal accept the remote pin pad from my verifone vx510
How can you leave the ink door open? Do you have to modify the printer?
Dear Sir, my red ink is close to empty but the rest inks are find. Do I have to replace all ink cartridge at the same time ? Please advise me.
Are these cartriges refillable?
how to install hp 8600 ink cartridges
#1. what is the purpose/use for the syringe? #2. how long is the length of the tube?
This worked great for a month and a half, and just started leaking all over the inside of the printer. How to remove Print Head manually?
one of cartrideges is not printing its color, and air seems to have gotten in its tube. how can this be fixed?
What shipping service is used?
Does this system come with the chips already installed?
how long are the ink tubes? would it be possible to put the ink container below the printer on a separate shelf? I need to secure this from my 3yr old!
Since the door to the where you put in the ink doesn't close right because of the tubes leading to the ink, does it cause you to have error messages?
will these cartridges work with hp 8600pro prem
reset the maintenance box wf 4020?
Will it work for Epson NX415?
What kind of batteries does this use and how many?
good morning your stay does it work for the tank of espon C12C890191 (white bench with filter) thank you for your reply
will it work for my epson xp 310?
Will this work for resetting the T6711 Maintenance Box on the WF-3520?
Will this work to reset the maintenance tank as well?
will this work with epson workforce 4530?
Will this work for the WF 3530? I have a 7 pin chip on the tank.
will it work for wf-2540 with 200i and 200 cartridges? I see 5 pins below and 4 pins above or viceversa and i see in the picture 4 and 3
Does this work on leather?
Product feature says Hot Peel Transfer Paper and Product Description says Once cold peel away ironing sheet in a smooth even motion. Which to follow?
Can it be cut with Cameo
this role is the blue grid or two lines, and I ask because I had bad experience with two lines
I can't find where to put in the size and what I want engraved on the plate. Help, please!
I want a brass plate because it will be put on an underwater container. Are your products the right ones to use?
I am looking for 2 brass plates, both 1/2 inch high with one line of engraving. Is a 1/2 inch plate possible? And can you do a width of 8 inches?
How big will the font be on the plates? I am looking for 3/4" x 4" plate with one line of text and need larger font that the picture shows?
Are you able to cut the plate into a specific shape?
I need plaques to attach to a round lamp post. Can they be shaped to the contour of the round post?
How quickly can an item be shipped? Is expedited shipping available (at an extra fee)?
so is the price adjusted based on the size you order?...or is everything the same price no matter the size?
I am looking for a metalized plate for a colored logo to put on the matte in a frame of a picture. 1.5"X depth of logo would be. Do you do that?
I am looking for a engraveable brass initial plate that can be sewn on the flap of a messanger bag. Do you have anything?
about how many 10" sticks are there in the 25# box?
Cant I use them with this glue gun DWHTGR50
What is the length of the open time on these glue sticks if used at a high temperture
are these glue stick 10 inches long I really need to know for sure before ordering
How many glue sticks are there in the 25-lb. box? There's a big difference between 400 and 450.
Will these still work with low temperature mini glue guns?
About how many glue sticks are in a 25 lb box?
what is the diameter of these sticks----I am looking for .27(.28) diameter by 10" long let me know
What is the diameter of these glue sticks?
Do this have a magnet built into the case to turn on and off the device when it closes?
Good afternoon. I want to know if this case is compatible with my ASUS MeMO Pad ME172V PK-A1-7 Inch Tablet 16 GB and if it is available in black color? (http://www.amazon.com/ASUS-MeMO-ME17...
How can this case "fit all Nexus 7 sizes" when 1st gen and 2nd gen are different sizes? How does it hold the tablet in place?
is it easy to send pics and does it have manuals with it?
Will this printer work with a Mac? Right now I am using an old HP 1350 with my Mac.
is it compatible with Windows XP?
Is this HP1056 printer wireless?
Is it compatible whith android mobil phone (LG)
Is it wireless can i print from my ipad
Is the scanner windows 8 compatible?
what ink does it take?
what is the maximum paper size that can be used with this printer for printing, scaning, and copying
can u print photos on thisprinter
Does it come with wireless capability included, or do you have to buy an additional adapter?
does it copy and scan and print black and white and color
can it use any wireless USB adapter?
Is it compatible with USB 3.0?
can I do the refill of the toner with my own ink power?
How can I hook this to a stand alone computer?
Is this printer compatible with Windows 8?
what do I need to buy to get wireless printing
does it ship with a print cartridge? what capacity?
Can you print envelopes with this?
Does the printer come with ink or do I have purchase it separately?
How difficult was the C1765nf MFP Color Laser Printer to set up? How expensive is this to operate? Do you need a land line to operate the FAX? Thanks.
Does this paticular model have an automatic duplex printing feature?
Does it print good quality photos?
Are there Mac drivers for this thing?
is this a wireless printer?
Can you use card stock
Does this come with the 700 page black and the 3x 700 page color toner Cartirdges along with the Printer, Manual, and Installation Disk?
does the software allow printing of different size pictures on one 8x10 photo-paper. ie 2 wallets, 2 3x5, and 1 5x7 rather than 4 4x6 of same image?
Is this an inkjet printer?
How many inks?
When you print onto a CD/DVD, is it printed on paper that sticks to the CD/DVD or is directly on CD/DVD
Does this printer have a scanner ?
Will it still allow you to print if one color is empty?
does this printer actually have a rear paper tray?
Can you print documents using just the black ink cartridge, leaving all the color ones out? Don't want to use up the color cartridges at eachwarm-up.
Is this compatible with Yosemite?
Does this printer have a straight feed that works with card stock materials?
I don't see a back paper tray - can you print on cardstock from the bottom tray?
how well does it print directly to cds?
DOES IT GO THRU ALOT OF INK
Does the printer come with ink cartridges initially?
Do you have to keep the door open all the time or does it remind you to open it when you want to print??
How easy is it to print on printable CD/DVDs with this printer?
Can you print directly to this printer from a Kindle Fire or Kindle Fire HD?
ink
can you use card stock
My question was NOT about printing. Does the MG5420 SCAN and COPY two-sided documents, without manually turning the page?
Can it scan 11 x 17 paper
What are the optimal settings you've found for scanning in photo prints? Need to archive 100s of 4x6 family photos. Which software? 300dpi? TIFF?
Can this scan while fully open?
can I scan old fashioned slides?
Which should I purchase a CanoScan 9000F or an Epson V600? I have photos I want to scan and put on my computer. I also want to print the old photos.
can it scan blackand white medium format negatives
can you save to a flash drive, SD card, or CD?
Is there a way to scan 110 film with this product?
is ths user friendly for one with limited tech knowledge?
How large of a transparency can it handle?
How quickly does this printer go through ink when printing black and white documents? I'm looking to use it for both photo printing as well as printing documents when I work from home.
120V only, or 120/240? Can someone look at the back of their printer where the power cord plugs in to see if it is really dual voltage? The specifications say 100-240V , 50/60Hz., but people here have already answered no dual voltage.
eassy to find catr
Does it support A4 size paper for printing (all printers I had do but asking just in case) as I prefer international size paper?
Are 2 black cartridges required at all times? Why?
why is the white model so much cheaper? is it the same thing or there is something different?
Does it work well with a MAC
Does this printer have wireless direct technology (creates own network) to print from iPhone/iPad without an outside wi-fi connection?
I want to get the ink value pack plus the additional black and gray cartridges, but the value pack doesn't say XL and someone said that is what I need
Does this reduce copies?
This says it comes with "setup" ink. Does that mean you should buy cartridges when you purchase it?
color scan
can you print on both sides manuelly
Is there a printed Instruction Manual or just the one on line?
Did anyone have problems getting thru the setup and print head alignment? Stuck in limbo, help!
Did anyone use the Scanner ? and Does it works on OS X10.9? Cause I am not only use it for Printer.
What are the dimensions?
Does it come with a set of inks to get you started, or does one need to buy them separately ?
Does it print on 8.5" X 11" card stock?
Can the PIXMA MG6320 work with card stock? Our previous printer would leave black smudges. Thanks!
Could this be used as a stand for 2 pound laptop computer, and is it sufficiently sturdy so that I could type on the computer?
Would this be usable for a person that only has use of one hand - also not a very strong person?
I'm looking for a narrator's desktop reading stand which will hold two 8 x 11 sheets of paper side by side. Will this work for a 275 page manuscript?
What are the dimensions of this product?
What is the height when fully extended?
I'm in medical school which entails very large/heavy books. How much weight would this support if used at about 22 inches elevation/
Does it go straight up and down the table 90%
In what colors is the stand available? Any "electric" colors? Can we request a specific color through Amazon?
Does this stand permit the easy and frequent turning of large groups of book pages for research projects and tutoring?
Can I use it as a writing platform over my desk at work to decrease tension on my neck?
What country does this notebook made from?
can a fountain pen be used or does it bleed through
Do the jurnal come with a fount pen ? I got one abot 2 yeas a go and it did ? Thank You . Marcus
are the small journals the only ones available? is there not another size
Pages refillable?
does this have acid-free paper?
Are there any logos on this? I do not see them on the photo...
what kind of buffalo leather, American Indian, Asian, or African?
Can you order more pages?
Where is the item made?
What country does this notebook made from?
can a fountain pen be used or does it bleed through
Do the jurnal come with a fount pen ? I got one abot 2 yeas a go and it did ? Thank You . Marcus
are the small journals the only ones available? is there not another size
Pages refillable?
does this have acid-free paper?
Are there any logos on this? I do not see them on the photo...
what kind of buffalo leather, American Indian, Asian, or African?
Can you order more pages?
Where is the item made?
Was is the PGBK 250 ink cartridge and do I have to use it?? Didn't know about it.
I plan to purchase the MG 6320 and I am confused by the XL on some of them. Is there an XL for all the colors that will fit this printer?
How many ml. is in the 250 pgbk xl?
I have a Canon MG5520. The description says this will fit, but Amazon says it's not compatible. Anyone know?
I am actually replacing this cartridge currently installed in the PIXMA MG7120 Canon printer noted above that this cartridge won't work. ????
How many ml. are in the regular pgi-250 pgbk ink cartridge?
I own the Canon Pixma MG 7120, I took this cartridge out of it, why do you say it won't fit????
Can I refill these with ink myself?
How many ml of ink are in the XL?
I mostly print text. My ink status shows the cartridge full and the PGBK cartridge half full. Does that mean that PGBK is the one used for text?
Does this work for the Canon Pixma MX922 printer?
Does this work with a Canon MG7100? Or a PGBK?
Can anybody explain why I need two black ink cartridges for Canon PIXMA MG5520? The Canon user's guide does not explain. Thanks
I have a Canon PIXMA MX922 printer. This will for sure fit in the tank?
Does it work with printer MG5420
does the pixma 922 come with ink
What does the XL stand for? The last ones I bought from you were simply 250 PGBK.
does this ink work for canon pixma MG 6320?
Is the $17.99 price for one color (not a six-color pack)?
This works fine with my MG7520. Why does Amazon have a box saying it won't work with this printer?
will this work with the cannon Pixma # 6320
What happens when you don't replace the grey cartridge. I print mostly black and white documents. Seems like such a waste.
can I use this cartridge in place of the black?
i need a canon printer ink 251 black printer number number is mx 922
Will this work if the other cartridges I'm buying are not XL ones?
Which slot to insert this in: M, BK, Y, PGBK, or C?
how many ml in your ink tanks? how many ml in your xl tank?
What is the difference in the amount of uses between the regular and xl cartridges for the mg7120?
Can anyone tell me the difference between the XL ink tanks and the regular size tanks in terms of ink volume? I'm trying to get the best value
How many photo sheets do you print approximately with all new cartridges?
What is the gray ink 251 used for
Do all these work on the PIXMA MG5420?
Is the wood unfinished?
Can this bookstand collapse flat and become portable (i.e, fit in my backpack)?
It doesn't slide backwards with a heavy laptop on it?
Does it hold an ipad in the portrait position well?
can this be used for reading documents and can you write on this?
What are the dimensions of the base (the part that sits flat on the table)?
Can this be used when lying in bed with hard cover and paperback books?
What is the maximum weight and size book this stand can accomodate?
Is this cartridge larger than the other colors
Can I use the XL cartridge with the Canon MG5420 - Canon's website shows both but the MG5420 is not listed on the compatibility list. Can I use either
How much ink does the XL cartridge (C, Y, M, BK) hold, and how much do the non-XL cartridges hold?
Canon mg 5500. 5 wells: 3color and 1black 251, and 1 black 250. Can I interchange the black 250 and 251?
Will this work in a Canon MG7100?
How long does it last?
Why is it that when I go to purchase a copier the ink that is recommended to go with it does not fit the copier, per Amazon?
Can I use a 251 b xl with regular cartridges?
Will this ink tank fit the Canon 922?
i have a canon MG5420..is this compatible?
Is this compatible with the Canon Mg5220
listing is for 5 cartridges and compatible with MG6220. MG6220 has 6 cartridges. How will this work?
Do these cartridges have the sponge inside?
Do these artridges require gaskets? If so, are they supplied?
Is the ink needles supplied with them. Or do I have to order the needles seperately?
Can you use some strong magnets to attach this to metal refrigerator door?
Can this product be hung in portrait orientation vs. landscape. i.e., narrow across and wide top to bottom?
can liquid chalk markers be used on this board?
Can I order a custom size?
Will there be a larger version of this product available sometime? I think 3 by 4 foot black magnetic board would be perfect!
When using a mouse on the surface, is there friction or is the mouse able to glide freely?
Will using laptop on this pad damage the pad due to laptop heat?
Is this a hard or soft surface. Is it like a felt pad or a hard plastic?
Will the backing on this harm a fine wood finish?
how thick is it?
Long periods of time my elbows resting on the wooden desk top really get sore. Will this mat give any cushion?
just got this today, which side should goes up?
Has anyone trimmed the mat down in size? I see other sizes but not the exact size I want and would just trim one down a bit, if it was possible.
What have you found that works best to the mat keep it clean and protect it against showing oils from your hands and arms?
If I eat food on/near this, will the food clean off easily?
Do you like minecraft?
Can you combine shipping if buying 2 items from you?
how big is it
Is this printer compatible with Windows 7, 64 bit?
What is the difference between the model M401DN and M401DNE? What does the E stand for?
I'm considering buying this printer for my real estate office, is it durable enough for regular heavy use (~1500 pages per month)?
Does this print color?? It doesn't really look like it, but the listing says the output is color??
Is there a lot of noise when printing and after printing? I have had HP 1320 for 7 years which has been reliable but noisy.
Any problems with the auto duplex feature?
Do you have to select 'multipurpose tray' from page settings or does it select automatically when a sheet is in that tray?
Description says the output is color -- confusing. Is this a color or black and white laser printer? Thanks. Ron
is this wireless
I have limited space. What is the exact height in inches of HP LaserJet Pro 400 Printer M401dne?
Will the gold paint on the outside easily wear off?
Does the cap post securely?
Hello, I bought this pen but the ink I bought for it, does not fit. I want the piston style refills. Can you show me which I need to buy?
Is it strong/sturdy enough to hold losts of record albums?
Hat are the dimension of this piece?
Could this be turned on its side and a flat screen tv placed on top to be used as an entertainment center of sorts?
What are the depth of the shelves?
how tall is this book shelf
My intentions is to hang this unit on the wall. Is it possible to do this?
The color is listed as "Chocolate" but the picture seems black to me. Is it a darker brown, or is it actually black?
How tall are the openings? I'm trying to figure out if my tall books will fit in this.
What are the dimensions of the openings?
I just got this bookcase package. But there are not accessories or hardware in the box. How can I install it?
What are the dimensions of the large and small openings??? Trying to see if a fabric bin will fit in them.
Is the back of the shelf wood or another color?
What are the measurements and weight?
There are pictures of the book case standing horizontally rather than vertically. Is this strong enough to be used as a tv stand instead of bookcase?
When the phone rings, you see the incoming number on the call display. Does that number remain visible even after you pick up and start talking?
When using this phone, do the people listening to you complain that you are too quiet or hard to understand? Does the phone sound natural?
If you reduce the ringer volume to zero, will the phone indicate in some way that the ringer is off? (E.g. With a flashing light, or a warning on the LCD screen.)
What is the size of the headphone jack?
is there a guarantee that they will work or be replaced?
Do these cartridges come with the recharge chips?
Are these cartridges full-load cartridges or starter cartridges? Are they refillable with a refill kit and new chips?
one day when i click trigger it keeps make long beep sound even the laser didnt come out. i never drop this scanner. what can i do?
Will this work with Intuit POS 2013?
can i scan into excel worksheet?
does this scanner work with windows xp
Can I adjust the power down/hibernation setting so the gun stays on longer? What are the options?
does it read qr codes?
Can the set up sheet be emailed? We can't locate.
How far from barcode can you read a code?
I purchased one of these barcode scanners and it came with no instructions as to how to set it up. All I got was a scan, USB cable and a wireless rec
The USB communicator is not connecting. The scanner is scanning the codes but its not appearing in the screen just because of the USB communicator.
Looking for a replacement manual - anywhere I can find one?
What type battery does it use?
Can this scanner read USPS shipping labels?
Does this register come with ink toner &amp; printer paper?
what size paper dose it need
Can this register run on batteries instead of plugging in if necessary?
Can I hook a small credit card machine up to it?
Why when I turn the key to Z all I get is this -----------
does the led screen light up
Can this print either customer receipts OR Journal tape? I need Journal tape but not customer receipts.
does it come with tape
can you program your company name for the header on the customer receipts?
why does it not have a spindal for the tape to roll onto
What material is the surface? Clothe, Plastic, Alunimum...
Does this work for laser mice?
How does the Apple Magic Mouse respond to this mousepad? It is a laser mouse, and while I'm NOT doing any gaming I do want precise movement &amp; tracking
What is pad measurement? Two are listed, both in inches: 15.75x12.60x0.12 AND 9.1x7.5x0.1
Will the black one work with Optical mice? I have a laser mouse that works perfectly with the silver one but my optical mouse slows down and bugs out
It says that it is 15.75"x12.60"x0.12" in the product title, but 8.7 x 7.1 x 0.1 inches in the product information. Which one is it?
will this pad work with a laser mousse?
What is the material on the surface?
Does it lay completely flat or do the corners curl? Also, could it be trimmed to a slightly smaller size?
How do I upload a custom design? Thanks!
What HP printers will this fit?
Will the printer draw from this tray before the other tray? (so I can use old paper up)
will this fit and work with an office jet pro 8600 +
is this product oem made by hp
Will this fit an HP Officejet Pro 8625?
Will this fit an 8610? How is it added to the printer?
Will legal size paper fit in this tray?
Will a duplexer still work regardless of what tray the paper comes out of?
How long after purchasing is the motor still working? and the mechanism still sharpening?
How well does it sharpen colored pencils?
Can I use Westcott Axis iPoint Evolution Electric Heavy Duty Pencil Sharpener in Australia (220 v) ? thanks
As an artist I need to know what length and how sharp is the point when sharpened?
It is broken. How does the 10 year warranty work?
It is broken. How does the 10 year warranty work?
My motor seems to be dying on my pencil sharpener. I have had this less than a year. It will sharpen about 3 pencils before it dies. What can I do?
How fast does it sharpen a normal pencil?
Will this sharpen oversize triangle and hexagonal pencils?
Does it give a long point?
how long is it
what are the dimensions?
Is the red a dark red or a light red color?
what is the weight ?
Have any of you figured out how, once the usb cable is plugged into the scanner portion, to then UNplug it? Mine is clipped into place.
How remove usb cable of bar code scaner?
How in the heck do you PAIR this thing under win7? I cannot see it! Documentation says nothing about it!!
So anyone know how much it cost to print out a 4x6 photo more or less using this ink? (I know it probably partially depends on printer, but probably only makes a penny or two difference).
How many months will the cartridges last in a printer before drying out? Expecting low volume, will they dry out before I use them up?
Does anyone knows if the ink cartridges included with the printer have the same amount of ink as the one sold here?
Is there a best before date on the package? I was planning to buy a few boxes with my printer. How long does it keep unopened?
I am confused-is it a single unit with 8 colors that can be puchased as one unit - but as each color runs out you replace only the color that is out?
I want to primarily print in black and white. If one of the other color inks is empty, are you still able to continue printing in black and white?
How do I know the product is genuine Canon? Any evidence that it's not?
Is this archival quality ink?
Do these cartridges have the word "SETUP" on them? I can't tell from the photo.
Do these inks smear when wet? Can you use them on waterproof paper and expose them to the weather?
My Yellow is a XL one &amp; everytime I put it in the Printer it gives me an error to check my documentation. WF2530.. any ideas?
I bought this item but my printer recognized it as an non original and does not work.what is your suggestion?
Are these 200XL (high capacity) or regular capacity cartridges?
Are these actually swiftink cartridges?
Does it work on wf 2540
Will these work with an Epson WF-2540
Do these work with the new Epson XP 310 printers?
Will these work with the Epson XP-200?
What gauge stainless steel?
What is the maximum weight this table can support? Also is there an option to add casters and where would I find them at?
Are the feet adjustable to level the table?
would this item work with my dual Dell S2340M 293M3-IPS-LED 23-Inch Screen LED-lit Monitor ? the mounting is kind of different
What is the length of the support arms? I am trying to mount monitors on a desk with a top shelf so arms would need to extend approximately 16" to clear shelf.
Can the monitors rotate from landscape mode to portrait mode?
How high off the desk are the monitors once mounted?
you have conflicting descriptions. Does it hold two 24inch or 27inch?
How easy is this to adjust? I'm considering using this for a sit/stand setup, but need to adjust the height pretty quickly throughout the day.
Can L-clamp mount (lowest 2 holes) 'outside' of the monitor arm so that the two screws can be accessed from the front (desk too close to wall)?
What is the distance between the main shaft and the back edge of the mounting bracket?. My desk has a little retaining bar that could interfere.
Is anyone using this with a glass desk? Maybe with rubber between the metal and desk?
Does the stand/order include screws for connection of the monitor to the bracket?
Does this work on HP Office jet 8000, not the wireless model?
Do these cartridges display the ink level on the HP8500A Printer?
I was wondering if the little plastic covering the nozzle hole has to be removed before installing?
Will this work with a Star TSP100?
What is the outside diameter of one of these rolls? I need 3-1/8" wide x 50 mm dia. (max) thermal paper for a Star Micronics SM-T330i
Will This Work on Citzen CT-310ii ?
Does this fit for POSX EVO HiSpeed Thermal Receipt Printer?
Will this fit in the Epson TM-T7011 front-loading printer?
would it work with Epson TM-T20II Series
will it work for a citizen tz30-m01?
Does this work with Clover's printer?
Does this paper fit coin machine CDS 608?
Does this printer have an option to track jobs for each client and/or user? Also, it it wireless?
Does this unit come with the stapler?
Is there a way to convert our printer into a color ink copier? we really need it and didn't plan for it when we purchased 1 yr ago.
What sizes of paper will it take?
I would like to purchase a stand for under this machine to make it a natural height and provide storage under it. Any recommendations?
what does the "3 year next business day onsite service" cover. we are in a romote rural area.
Thank you. How can I buy it with the stapler, extra tray, and the wireless features? Can these items be added during checkout &amp; bundled in?
Can I order an extra tray for this mfp from amazon? How much are they?
is it compatible windows 8
Does it use 8 x10 paper? Or smaller?
How many photos will it scan at one time?
how do replace cartridge ink
Has anyone had problems getting a photo to print? My printer I just got from these guys wont print a photo no matter what color or no color.
exactly how many ink cartridges does it use? 1,2,or 3?
exactly how many ink cartridges does it use?
does this include ink?
Does this come with ink or would that have to be purchased as well?
will it arrive with ink cartridge?
Is advance software supports the Arabic language &#x61F;
Is an Extended warranty available?
Does this have the advanced time attendance software?
DOES THIS COME WITH THE LEGS?
Are there any hooks included?
is there shelving inside?
Was this locker difficult to assemble? What tools are needed to assemble?
does it have a lock
Is it possible to lock this with a pad lock?
Is this a full grain leather, split grain leather, bonded leather, or faux leather chair?
Does this chair come assembled?
Would this chair be comfortable as a therapist's chair? I would need to sit in for up to 45 minute sessions.
this chair can't be 45" tall. when you look at the pic of all 3 pieces, the sofa and love seat are all the same height. They are listed at 33" tall?
So, this chair is 45.8" tall? 28.5" deep? 31" wide? Am I reading that correctly?
Does this chair come in any other colors?
Is this bonded leather?
Are the dimensions listed in the product dimensions "28.5 x 31 x 45.8 inches" correct? Compared to the love seat and sofa it seems very wide.
What are the dimensions of the seat cushion?
Can you print off the computer or only scan?
I only have an iPad and iPhone. Will it work with either or must it be a PC or Mac?
do you need anything other then this scanner to scan from say your vehicle?
How well does it scan photos and art?
Does this work with Linux ?
The little grabby thing that takes the paper to be scanned and rolls it through doesn't always grab. Suggestions? Is there a way to clean the rollers?
What versions of Windows does it work with?
For a Portable Scanner, is one better to not have a Flatbed Model because of the possiblity of damage from movement?
i want to know what are the dimensions and pounds for this scaner? please let me know. thank u
Using Dell Venue Pro 11 &amp; Microsoft OneNote. Do Venue USB ports provide enough power? Can OneNote 2013 use the scanner?
what are the dimentions of the sign?
does it have a warranty an if so how long?
Do you think this is something people can see well from outside and it is hard to display? Thanks for your help! Raynee
Does it have a steady feature or does the light always blink?
electrical or battery?
Hi, is the "open" &amp; "closed" on the same board or 2 separate boards? Do you hang by suction cups or by chain?
Can you sit this sign as well as hang it?
Are hanging hardware &amp; chain included?
What are the dementions of the sign?
My printer gives an error message saying that the cartridge is non-hp so the printer will not work. Printer is officejet 8500
Hp cartridges have an expiration date programmed by HP so no matter how much ink is in the cartridge they will not work. Do these cartridges have the same problem.
The product include a chip?
Does this model work with the first generation iPad ? It stopped working recently and when I purchased another it still has the same problem..
Does it work with iPhone 5
Does it work with ipad air?
does it work with the ipad mini?
Does it work for iPad 4?
What pin connector does it use?
What model year this product is? Is it latest model?
whit the twin pack they use diferent numbers each.?
DOES IT WORK OFF DITIGAL AND ANALOG PHONES
Does this work with MFCJ4410DW?
Does it work for MFC J470DW?
does this work with MFCJ450DW?
Does it work for MFC-J870DW?
Does it work on MFC-J285DW
Hi I have owned two sets of these in years past for Brother printers.Both clogged the color head (Yellow).Does this occur w/ newer Brother printers?
Does this work with brother mfc-j4610dw
Can this use i a brother mfc-j4610dw
which ink do I purchase since it doesn't come filled thanks
does this work with brother mfc-j430w
what file types can it transfer to the PC? would it be possible to convert them to text? How?
Does this device support english?
does this come with a cover and what the color of the cover&iuml;&frac14;&#159;
I see that there are 3 versions available - WG-N20-B, WG-N10 and WG-N20-W. Could you recommend which one is the newer, more efficient model? Thanks.
Do you have the new generation,WG-N20? I am very interested in this new one.
is it hard to replace it
Title shows 1400mAh description says 1100mAh... which is it?
how do you recharge the battery? do you supply a charger?
So... If you're already so bad at losing your keys that you need to get one of these, how do you not loose the transmitter?
How big are the receivers, will one fit in a man's wallet without making it bulky?
how can you find your cell phone
what kind of batteries does it use?
what type of battery
how do you turn the buzzer off once you have found your keys. ours won't stop
What kind of batteries it use? Those are into the Transmitter or the Receiver, or both?
WHAT IS THE RANGE OF THE TRANSMITTER
what is the volume of the beeper?
does it use batteries?
When not in use, can I swivel it away from the bed and fold the top down so that it is not taking up so much space next to the bed?
Can I stand table on floor
Does it stay at an angle? If i want to tilt the tray a bit to read a book for example..
How many feet tall is the stand?
How wide it it?
Can the top swivel horizontally relative to the base? I need it for my exercise bicycle - cannot slide it underneath, must put it beside instead.
I can not be reading this right: leg heights from 13" to 17" . Other than an air mattress on the ground, what bed would that possibly fit?
Can I stand the table on the floor
what is the dimensions of the table top itself?
I have a business that no is there 4 days of the week, if you set it on motion does it turn on and off , like if someone trips it and leaves
first of all can the receiver works with out internet connection?if it does, how is the range of the receiver signal in meters.
Do you need a computer or internet to operation this device?
Can you fast forward the playback recordings?
Can you carry the monitor anywhere in the house like the bedroom, patio, pool as long as it's plug into an outlet for viewing?
Will this system record multiple cameras at a time ?
What does this come with? Does it come with the monitor and 1 camera? Can i view on my phone?
how many cameras com with unit?
What happens when the SD card is full? Does the recording stop or does it start over-recording from the beginning again? Thanks, Howdy.
is there an alarm on it to let you know when the camera is set off ?
Is the blower water proof
how long did it take to ship
Can you add lettering to this before shipment for an additional fee?
Hi, happy new year! Can you ship internationally? Is the blower available to suit 230volt with a wall plug for New Zealand ? Thanks, Jason.
How high is the binder when closed? Is it a 1 inch binder? 1 1/2 in?
Are the rings easy to open, and are they durable enough to be opened several times per day?
Does this portfolio lay flat open when unzipped so that someone flip through your work without holding it open?
What's the size of the rings? One inch or one and a half inch?
If I put plastic sheet protectors in this (in the rings), would the sheet protectors hang slightly out of the side of the portfolio? Or do they fit?
Is the leather that cheesy hard bonded leather, or is it a soft supple glove leather? It makes a big difference to me.
are the rings rivetted or screw on?
Would an iPad 2 (slightly bigger and thicker than the newer 'air' versions) fit in the pocket? I need to take notes from eBooks on paper on the go.
I'd like to put documents in plastic sleeves in this. Any idea how many plastic sleeves would fit comfortably?
what is the spine dimension?
Is the clipboard side of the folder hard like a regular clipboard or does it just have the clip attached at the top with no board so it's flexible ?
What does "PU Leather" mean?
Is there a slot for a calendar? E.g. right side slot behind the pad to insert a calendar refill
what size is the cell phone pocket?
Will this fit a legal sized file folder and still zip?
How thick is this with just the pad inside?
Does it come in a box
will the work in the Epson WF-2540 or will the Printer reject them?
does this work with epson xp-410
Will this ink work with the Epson XP 310?
installed black cartridge in WF-2530, asked if it was a genuine Epson cartridge. said no. Do I need to lie to get these to work?
So how do I get the Epson XP-200 to recognize the cartridges?
Does this ink work for anyone with an Epson WF - 2540?
So I inserted the cartridges and my printer keeps saying that it doesn't recognize it and will not let me print anything. What do I do?
Are these cartridges refillable more than once?
Someone reported a problem with the black cartridges not having a true black color anyone else experience this.Thanks!!
Does this work with an Epson XP-400 ?
Dimention and wieght?
What is the shipping weight
If I put a stack of ones and there is an extra five somewhere in the middle, can the machine stop when it reaches the five dollar bill?
can the counterfeit detector be turned off to count other non US currency?
this produc use 110V?
HOW IS THE WEIGHT OF EQUIPMENT IN BOX
Venezuelans used to count tickets.?
The MAchine Counts new 100 dollar bill?
If I only want counts of 100 can I set it up to stop at 100? thank you
Can this machine detect between the different denomination of bills (2, 5, 10, 20, 50, 100) of my local currency, Venezuela?
Is this pink a hot pink or is it like a light pink? And if i order more than one why are they shipped seperately.
I had two of these in my cart... Next thing I know, they're sold out AND the price went up FOUR DOLLARS. What the deal with that?
I added 24 to my cart plus 4 of the black cats for .01 each but the shipping is crazy. Can you help?
Does this fit my Canon MX922? It looks exactly like came with my printer, but Amazon says it doesn't
What's the difference between the 250 ink and the 251 ink?
does the pgi 250 xl fit in my canon mg7120?
Does it fit the canon mg 6320?
What does the xl stand for? i have a mg6620 and the ink that came with it does not have xl on it, however amazon is telling me it's compatible.
what is the ink tank volume in milliliter (ml)?
Hello, is this same as ( Canon Ink PGI-250 PGBK XL Individual Ink Tank )? thanks
Are the XLs double the amount of ink?
Does this fit my mg5400?
will this work for pixma mg5320? thank you
When does the PIXMA MX922 use the PGBK ink vs. the regular black ink? in 2 mos. the PGBK cartridge is empty while the other is still almost full?
are all the cartridges in the 4 pack XL?
I am confused about cartridges for my Canon PIXMA MG5520: I think that these cartridges should work but Amazon is telling me that they won't. Thanks
have pixmamx922 what is difference between black ink 'cli" and "pgi"
Will the 251 BK/CMY fit the printer MG 6420? I am confused with this "XL" title.
Will this ink fit the PIXMA MG7120 printer?
Does this refill fit Canon MG6320? If not, what does?
Is it compatible with MG 5520? Do you need a separate BLK 250 if using the combo 251?
How many Photos will this ink pack yeild?
Do the cartridges dry out over a certain time if they are not used?
will the LC 61work in the mfc-j 870dw machine?
can i use these in my brother MFC - 495 CW ? It said i could under product description but it does not say it on the box.
do they work on the Brother MFC-295CN modile
MFC=J825DW compatible or not?
How do I get my DCP-J140w to recgonize this cartridge?
Will these cartridges work with MFC-J615W
I have a brother MFC 790CW. Has anyone tried these cartridges in that printer? I love the price, but am a little leary about it recognizing them.
Will the Hi vision, hi yield cartridges fit on my Brother DCPJ1 40 W printer?
compatible with MFC-J825DW/J835DW ??
mine is kodak esp office 2150 if these offers will work anyone know?
Are they 30XL &amp; how much does the Black &amp; the color yield ?
this work for kodak ESP C310?
Ok im not understanding is there ink in them or do i have to put ink in ?"
Can I use for 6.1?
How is the print quality and does the ink last as long as the origional Kodak ink? I have bought other aftermarket ink before , and it does not last
is this compatible with the Kodak ESP 5200 AiO
Exactly how many of each am I buying here? The picture shows 8 cartridges. The description in several different places says (or adds up to) 5, 6, 8 or 10 cartridges total in varying numbers of black and color as follows: ("2 Pack + 2 Black of Total...
is this printer compatible with IMAC Mavericks OS X 10.9.2?
I don't have wireless capability. Can wireless be hooked up to the computer?
Several reviews mention printing wireless from this printer. The product description mentions nothing about wireless capability on the printer...??
can I use card stock with this printer
Will this print black if color ink is out?
I am only interested in this product because it appears to scan with the item right side up. What type of quality do you get scanning?
Does this printer print from the IPad ?
Is the printer quiet? I need to print at night....
Did this printer come with ink? Did it come with paper?
Does this printer print on CDs
Will these cartridges work in the Epson XP-300?
Will these work with Epson 2540 all-in-one?
Hello, are these made by Epson? Or is it OEM? Thanks
does this work with xp410
Will these cartridges work on WF 2540
Is this Epson small in one XP-310 compatible?
will they work with epson xp410
Will this work in Epson XP 200?
are these cartridges compatible with Epson WF2530?
are these cartridges compatible with Epson Workforce 2530
What is the weight capacity of this chair?
what is the range of the seat height and depth?
How can I stop the swivel mechanism from groaning and squeking? I have lubricated it with everything but moose dung!!
Is it, or is it NOT "Real" Leather?
how much weight does it support? I weigh 240 lb and spent more than 8 hours a day. the piston always fails at 6 months
My husbands new office desk is around 36in. high, what is the highest setting this chair will go?
how much assembly is needed
What is the hour rating. At 6-4 &amp; 240lbs, I need support for 10 - 12 hrs.
Does the seat cushion have perforations (not the ones on the edges) but in the center of the chair?
What kind of warrenty does this chair have? Most chairs that I have had do not last long.
I'm replacing 2 chairs that are very comfortable for my 240 lb hubby. Would these chairs be a good replacement or too small? thank you.
What are the exact measurements of the seat from front to back and side to side ? What is the exact height of the back from top to the seat?
What is the minimum height of the arms? Need to know if it'll fit under the desk
How difficult is this chair to assemble?
how easy is it to clean it? what kind of cleaner do we use or just damp cloth
can it be adjusted to drafting table height
can this chair remove the armrest o modify it?
hello! Are the arm parts attachable? I wonder it is already fixed to chair or not.
I'm 500 lbs and butt is huge. Will this chair fit me?
When this chair is in the vertical locked position, is the chair back perpendicular to the seat? Any slouch effect in lower back?
Will it still print black &amp; white if the color cartridge is empty?
Can a 4x6 scanned photo be printed (enlarged) on 8.5x11 photo paper?
can I replace just one cartridge and the printer wil still work
What are its dimensions?
Fax without a landline?
is this windows 7 compatible?
difference between MX922 XL ink and MX922 ink
Can this be used with a MacBook Pro?
Does it come with ink?
Do I need an internet connection to use this printer?
Thanks reviewers, for all of this info! One, very important question: Does this printer keep printing even when ink is "expired" or refilled or out of color? My HP printer *( and the highest rated on Amazon EPSON) both do not. That makes me crazy! Thanks!
Does this printer have a "fast draft" print option where the quality of the printing is still very good but it uses a lot less black ink?
Is it Wireless or plug in
Are all attachments included so that I can use this as a wi-fi right away?
What is the per copy cost ( Both black &amp; white and color )?
does this printer comes with ink
If the color ink runs out can you still print B&amp;W?
My cd/dvd in my computer is broken. Will I be able to download everything I might need from Cannon's website?
Does the top lift to allow putting images directly on a glass screen to scan? Or is it only through the document feeder? Thanks!
are the ink cartridges just ordinary pisma prices as with the wire printer?
Is ink included when you order this?
does any USB cord work to connect this printer to computer?
does this machine receive faxes
can you print if there is no color
Does it print on cardstock?
Can this printer print, copy, scan without a computer?
Will this scanner run multiple pages that can be stored in 1 pdf file instead of a pdf for each page?
Windows 8 compatible?
What are the dimensions?
One said this machine prints in Black and White also (not just color).Another person says it does not. Who is correct?????
How is this different from the 200
Whats the difference between the 200XL and just the 200 is it worth the extra money?
will this work for epson xp 310
Is this OEM? Will my printer keep telling me that I'm not using genuine Epson ink cartridges?
Is this authentic EPSON ink and is it guaranteed to work in my Epson printer? I have the WorkForce 2540 model.
Will the 200 series ink cartridges work with the Epson WF 2650 series printer? I saw it bundled together, but saw that it uses 220 series cartridges
Will this work with xp-420?
How many ink cartridges are in this box?
Is this cartridge appropriate for the Epson WF 3620?
Can it handle foreign currency (non-us)
Does it detect counterfit new USD Blue $100 note
is 220 Volt ?
does it work with multiple currencies?
HELLO GOOD DAY I HAVE TWO QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS MACHINE 1) DETECTING COUNTERFEIT? 2)this machine can differentiate denominations AUTOMATICALLY?
Do these include the chip ?
are these replacement ink cartridges for a Canon MX850 printer, fax, scan, all purpose
is this compatible for a pixma mx700
Does this device rely on XMPP, which Google is ceasing to support for Google Voice on 15-MAY-14?
Will this work with Windows 8.1? (Or higher if Microsoft decides to release a new OS tomorrow :))?
does this allow you to dial using the phones keypad or do you have to dial using the computer keyboard
Does my computer have to be "awake" for me to make calls?
Does GVMate work with Mac OS?
Can I connect a cordless phone base to it and use the satellite cordless phones?
Is there a way to use your existing home phone number?
Will it work with my fax machine???
Is there a monthly or annual fee to use this, like Magic Jack has? MJ is $20 per year. Is this essentially the same thing as Magic Jack?
Aside from the GVMate ($ 24.95) do you have to pay to download the GVMate App?
How is this different from the TI-84 Plus and is it worth getting this or a regular 84-Plus?
What's the difference between the frustration free package &amp; the standard package?
Can I use regular AA battery, instead of rechargeable battery?
How long does the battery last?
Why does this edition sell for so much less than the regular TI-84 plus silver, which it is supposedly more advanced than?
Is this the silver edition
does it come with cover
is the charger included?
Are there preloaded apps? The TI-84 Plus base model as a few. Can't tell if this does or not
I bought last year. then I forgot to charge it until the light is off. When i charged it does not work anymore. Is there any solution? no battery sold
Will this work with a hp officejet pro 8600?
Do these cartridges contain chips? My hp 8600 Office jet pro will not recognize a cartridge without one
I am hesitant to purchase remanuf cartridges as I've been reading about the incompatibility. Do you have a warranty or guarantee?
What's the supported 2G and 3G frequencies? Is it SIM-free (unlocked)?
What is the power rating and can it be used on any GSM net work apart from AT&amp;T and T Mobile?
What type of SIM card does this need?
Can you change MENU language, if yes - which languages available or can you update language list ?
Does it work in Venezuela
How do get this phone to work am i missing something? I put my H2O wireless simm card in it recognizes the sim with my contacts and signal, no service
How do i disable voicemail? I just want it to keep ringing forever.
Is it unlocked and can it be used internationally?
the phone can display the time of the last call?
Can I add another phone to this same line? Purchase a satellite?
What is the seat width, and height?
What's the difference between "crystal ice" and "clear"?
chair the ship armed or disarmed?
hi, Is the chair sent assembled?
how much weight can it hold?
hi, i need 100 chairs
How is this chair holding up from several sittings and is it changing color (yellowing? clouding?)
What assembly, if any, is required?
Does this chair have a lot of bubbling?
does it have warranty?
is it metal hydride or Li-Ion battery
Are batteries included for each handset?
Is it REAL leather, or eco-leather (faux)?
what is the weight limit on this chair ?
Does it have tilting capabilities
what are the seat dimensions?
Does this chair have only one setting for reclining? Or can it recline in different positions?
How do you dissemble the pneumatic pole from the chair?
do u ship it to UK address?? liked it
How do you take it apart? Need to return it but can't get the center pole separated from the chair or base.
How do you get the foot rest to go down and stay down?????
what is the Dimensions of the back?
How far does the back recline? (I'm not espicially concerned with the footrest.)
Do the castor wheels lock?
What is the height from the tallest point of the arms to the floor? It needs to fit under my desk of 24.25".
I've seen this chair for sale elsewhere labeled as "Made in the USA". Is that the case?
My foot rest will not go down. How do I get it to go down?
how much weight will it hold?
Does this chair have adjustable arms?
How high is the seat when it is fully extended upward?
What is the width and depth (from the back of the seat to the front of the seat) of the seat itself?
Does the Flash Furniture High Back Leather Executive Reclining Office Chair come with Lumbar support?
Are you able to get a book that is closer to the dimensions 12 x 12- which is a photo scrapbook size? also are you able to put blank pages inside?
Are the lines numbered or blank?
What are the dimensions of the book? 8" by what?
I want to see pictures of the pages! Are they lined? Are they blank? I wanted to buy it today to have it delivered by Friday!!
What do the inside pages look like? Is it just lined pages and the word "Guests" on the top?
The color says cream. Is it more white or ivory looking? Thanks.
Is there a package with just the book and pin
How do you load and use this??? No instructions!!!
instructions how to use tagging gun
Does this tagger gun include the needle? I did not see it in the picture
how long did it take to receive your order
I don't see the instructions how to use this product. How do I use this?
Does the needle always stick out or only when the trigger is pulled?
Is this made in USA or China?
It is a straight tag or circle?
Hi there - I received my tagging gun, however there were no barbs/fasteners included in the package - I was under the impression it comes with some?
The tagging gun is not showing a needle. Does it come with one?
Does the NCR Silver POS Cash Register System for iPad or iPhone - mobile point of sale come with a soft ware program?
Does this work with WIFI or Bluetooth? Which one is better WIFI or Bluetooth?
Does all cables and extras include in this package? how do you set it up?does it require any extra item for it to work Besides ipad?
Does this system have running tabs?
Does a KDS work with this POS
does it include the software and hardware?
What about the printer and the cash draw ? How do they connect ? Is it wireless or cable ? Thanks
you get the hardware and not any credit card services with this, correct?
Is this for a monthly service or can I buy and use this without the pos service?
Are the pages pre dated? And are there blank pages to make a list of companies with contact info, etc???
what are the measurments?
Are the monthly entry pages 1 or 2 pages/
How many lines are on each page
Is the cover hard or soft?
What are the measurements, please? (H x W x D)
Can I send messages to this device from my PC using my own program? If so, what type of interface (e.g. RS232) is available?
can you program messages to scroll
is it hard to set up and scan to individual files
is it worth getting the deluxe software bundle
will it recognize handwriting
Can it be used with QuickBooks 2014?
This item can wirelessly connect to a pc,but can I scan documents straight from the scanner to a folder on a network drive (NAS) attached to a LAN?
What is the largest document paper size the scanner will scan? Will it scan 11x17 drawings?
Is this scanner suitable for scanning photos as well as documents?
For documents that have more than 50 pages (more than one feeder load), can you easily append to the ongoing scan?
Can it scan photos
How does it handle thin paper intermingled with normal weight paper? Does it tend to jam?
Are the ink Cartridges vacuumed sealed like the Epson cartridges?
Will the cartridges fit the epson xp310 printer?
Are these suitable for epson xp-200?
will this before epsonw2530
What is the expiration on these? Is it more than a year?
Will these cartridges work in the epson wp-2520?
I bought this, The colors seem to work fine, but the black doesn't print. I've tried 3 different cartridges so far with no luck. Any ideas?
how do these cartridges work with epson wf-2530 aio printer??
How do I get the printer to recognize?
work in 2650
What's the end date on these?
From which date do these pages begin?
what is the size of each page?
Is the size 6 3/4 by 4 1/4 ?
IS IT POCKET SIZE THE 6842114?
I want to fill in various fields on a computer screen using text scanned. Can this act like an input device and put text into a line on a form?
Does this pen have internal memory &amp; battery ? Can it work independent of a computer? Or does it work only if connected by bluetooth / USB to a comp ?
Will this work with a Mac Air since it does not have a disc drive to load software.
Can the PenPower Pen able to recognize hand writen Chinese characters like the PenPower EZ-Go Jr?
How well does this work scanning in more than one line at a time, say a 20-line paragraph?
how does it handle if you've underlined the sentence and the unlining gets into the words, will it copy the word and what about the underkining
Does this pen have internal memory &amp; battery ? Can it work independent of a computer? Or does it work only if connected by bluetooth / USB to a comp ?
Can this pen translate from English to Persian (Farsi)?
The cd disk does not work &amp; downloaded software from penpower won't open or run. Where &amp; how can I get the software for Mac?
Does it do text-to-speech well enough for a person with learning disabilities to be able to read a book with it?
Is it possible to scan directly "by hand" without the paper feeder (so as to scan a magazine or book)?
I see an AC Adapter among the pictures... what is it needed for? Does the scanner need to be plugged? Or does it use batteries?
Hi! Does this item create a SEARCHABLE PDF ?
Will this scanner take a 32GB micro SD card?Pandigital Handheld Wand Scanner
Does a legal-size paper fit through the paper feeder? Or just letter and A4 sizes? Because it states 8,5x14 inches but I see the feeder a little short
What is the wall thickness of the cardboard?
how many pounds can a box hold
how many cubic feet in total would it be if I used all of them?
can you clarify? 18" length x 14" height x 12" width
does this model have a retractable tip?
Is the tip delicate? Would this be a pencil that can be carried in a pocket without the tip bending or breaking?
Got details on ordering more replacement erasers for the rotting 600 Mechanical Pencil, 0.5 mm?
What hardness of lead comes with this pencil?
Where are manufactured? Japan or Germany?
does it include original box?
Is this pen with or without rotring logo?
Why are these so expensive? What makes them better than $7 pencils?
My cap is loose and will not stay on the pencil. How do i disassemble the top half ?
is this pencil too heavy to put behind ear?
DO THESE FIT A CANON PIXMA MG5320?
How much in is in each cartridge?
Do these cartridges have the chip?
Is the chip included on these?
Is this printer a piece of junk,or Is It reliable,and worth the money?
does it have a sd port to print photos.
Does this come with cord?
What is the size of this printer, Dimernsions? (Width, Lenth &amp; Depth)
Is this printer compatible with a laptop running windows 8?
is it compatable with windows 8
how many ink cartridges??
is it compatible with windows 8?
Is this compataible with windows 5.1
What is the capability?
does this include ink cartridges
can I scan to my computer wirelessly?
What is the depth size of the printer with the duplexer (but without extending the paper tray to legal size)? The manual only shows duplexer + legal.
Does it print high quality photos?
How has the MAC integration been I see one good review and one bad one. Any other mac friendly folk out there have any issues with this guy?
Does this unit, or any HP unit, provide direct print to dvd/cd?
Does this printer have a PC fax function? I need to be able to send documents from my computer directly to fax. Thanks!
Does this support two paper trays and if so does it come with both trays?
Does this printer print on CD's. I am looking for a full color CD printer. Not a CD cover but actually on the CD?
Does it convert scanned pages to PDF or does it send scanned pages as PDF via email without the need of Acrobat professional?
Can this be cut to size with normal household scissors? Need 17 inch width.
Does a laser mouse work on it or does it mess it up with light refraction?
Is this reflective or shiny? I have a clear vinyl on my stained desk and it reflects way too much light to see the wood from afar.
Does this product stay in place and not slide around
One reviewer mentioned that the pad slips around on the desk, as well as anything on top of the pad. Has anyone else experienced this?
Will it melt if hot coffee mug or plate put on it?
Will this be ok on my wood laminate desk with a urethane finish?
If you place pictures, memos, or calender inderneath, can you see through them?
Will dry erase markers work well on this surface?
Is you mouse able to track properly on this mat?
does this work with Samsung C410W?
will these work for the C460FW?
what is mean EPS?
Do they work in a Samsung SL-C410W/AA?
do these fit the CLX-3300 series?
What is the maximum certified weight these boxes can hold?
What size box are these boxes shipped in?
how many boxes are included?
Can i use this kind of box to sent a package for postal office example: usps, fedex, dhl, ups??
so these dont have any handles on the side do they?
how many boxes are there for 29.99
Do these boxes have handles on the side?
Is this heavy duty box? double wall?
Can I use these for shipping? 20 lbs. item
Can these boxes be used to mail things through USPS?
How much weight in pounds can they hold
How do they compare to Home Depot Boxes Model # 1001005 @ $1.17?
Are these already built up or do they have to be built up? If they have to be built up, is tape provided or should I purchase extra?
Do the boxes come wrapped?
Will the monitor mounting bracket fit a 24" HP monitor?
How far does the arm reach out horizontally from the vertical support pole?
What is the diameter of the vertical support?
How wide is the mounting clamp on the foot of the stand?
I have a Samsung 930B monitor. The distance of the mounting threads seems to be 75 x 75 mm. Will this work as is?
Is the 27" limitation because of weight? I am currently using this with my 24" 14.30 lb monitor, so would a 29" 13 lb monitor work?
Is this monitor stand intended to be adjusted to a fixed position or can I easily pull it forward when needed, and push it back when not?
Do the monitor mount screws come with the kit?
Can the articulating arms be tightened so that they do not move easily? I would like to keep my monitor in place once I'm satisfied. Is it possible?
I have a small corner desk and purchased a 24" Monitor for my laptop, will this raise the monitor above my laptop and its cooler so I have more room?
What are the dimensions for the size pass that will fit this cover?
What size is the Vehicle Parking Pass Hang Tag Holder?
What size are these? If i knew if my pass would fit in it i would buy it
HOW MANY LPs DOES IT HOLD?
Do these LP boxes have handle holes to grab?
I have some records that are a little bigger than 12". The box dimensions say 13x13x13, but is that the actual usable interior space of the box?
is this just one box?
How long it takes (mm:ss) for full resolution scan - with 2x multi-exposure and iSRD (dust removal) on. Thanks!
How "One Touch" is one touch? I want to scan thousands of slides into tiffs and later spend time with only a few to "fix" with software editor.
What Windows operating systems does it work with?
What input voltage does the power supply allow? Also 220V/50Hz? It is external so it could be exchanged?
does it scan medium format 6 x6 cm thanks john
Can you adjust the focus on the slide? Is there an auto-focus?
Does Plustek 8100i scan negatives larger than 35mm?
film sizes?
Does it work on Apple computers?
how many slide holders are in the box?
Hi, I see two different dimensions measurements for this box. Which one is accurate??! Please give me dimensions in inches. Thx!
Does it open?
Does it comes with lock and key? Thanks
Is the box cardboard, wood, plastic, or ????
How big is the box?
Aloha, does this work with the SG 7100DN?
HI, how long would the Shipping take to Miami? Thank You.
How many shirts on a average could this print? R Ricoh Gxe3300n......
Can I use it on ricoh sg 3110 dnw?
is the powerdriver included with the inks? or how can I get it?
What's the dates on your ink?
is it compatible with this this printer: Ricoh 405750 Aficio SG 3110DN GELJET Color and B/W Printer
Will these also hold the liner notes from a CD?
Are these sleeves acid free?
Do they have the lip above each disc pocket that holds the disc in the pocket if the case gets turned upside down?
What binder do I use for these pages?
Do these load from the top or the sides?
Hi. Are all 8 pockets on each page front AND back totally square? No "cut" corners? Need to fit CD sleeve front &amp; back of page x 8. Thanks!!!
Does any part of the CD stick out when all 8 cd's are inserted or are they all covered in the sleeve?
Where was this product made?
Can it hold CD covers?
Do these have three holes? or just 2. I can't tell from the picture
why would one need 4 syringes?
What is the inner diameter of the cylinder, in millimeters?
What Gauge Needle is this?
does the needle fit on any standard syringe? even 1 ml syringe?
how many ml is this cartridge
Does the extra capacity of the PGI-255 XXL justify the higher cost versus the PGI-250, (in other words, which is the better value)?
Does it fit MG5520?
Does it fit the Canon MG6320?
Will this ink tank fit the Canon 922?
I should have ask how many mililiters it holds.
How many pages will the PGI255XXL print?
Will the PGI255XXL cartridge fit my canon mx870 printer?
My Samsung SCX 3405W is new and the starter cartridge is almost gone at 440 copies. Will the starter cartridge take the whole 65 grams of your toner powder which is for printing 1500 pages or will i need to purchase a new regular cartridge first??
Is it garanteed it works on all mentioned models?
Does the use of the chip included in this kit require an earlier version of printer firmware? (Printer SCX-3405W)
For the Samsung ML-2165W, is a new reset chip required every time you refill the cartridge? Also, is an upgraded/downgraded firmware required?
Is the reset chip also working on an european model SCX3405FW?
what is the net weight? how many grams?
Do you have a exactly store in NYC to contact with you?
How do you find "settings" when the text is in Chinese? And, when you find "Settings" how do you know what to select if it is in Chinese?
Does it have handwriting option? For instance, if I don't know the pinyin, can I write the character to translate?
Does it talk Cantonese or Mandarin ?
does this dictionary record English to Chinese
Is the Chinese traditional or simplified?
The screen appears to be in Chinese. Can an Englisher speaking person use this device not knowing Chinese?
The mesh fabric on the back of the chair is pulling away from the side, is there anything I can do to fix this or can it be replaced?
Is the gold color subtle? or does it stand out ? Is it overpowering?
What is weight limit for this chair?
I have a cat and am trying to purchase something a cat won't tear apart. Is this cat proof?
What is the height of the chair from ground at max settings ?
Do the arms fit under a desk? How high are the arms from the floor to the top of the arm? Are the arms black and white (looks that way inthe photo.
Are the armrests required? Can it be assembled without them?
I'm a rather large man. 6'4" and almost 300lbs, do you think I am too large or heavy to fully enjoy this chair? Any larger owners of this chair?
What are the dimensions (base, steam) of rolling casters? I would like to replace them with stationary glides, would they fit?
can I lock this chair so it wont swivel? its for an older person...
How far does it tilt back? I'm looking for a chair that allows me to go far enough that I can put my feet up on a desk.
what is the tallest you can adjust seat height measurement from the top of seat to floor please
can i assemble this without the wheels/ its for an older person and i dont want it to slide.
What is the lowest height you can adjust the seat to? (inches from ground to top of sitting cushion please)
Is the white of this chair a true white or is it ivory, cream or off-white? My desk is a true white color.
Are there shelves in the bottom cabinet or is it one big open space? I see a shelf in the top cabinet (through the frosted doors). Thank you.
Different places on this site list the width as 14.625", 15" and 15.8"!!! What is the ACTUAL width on the OUTSIDE of the tower at its WIDEST? Thanks!
Are the knobs easy to change? I would like to swap them out for brushed nickle.
is this product a beachwood look...not solid white
are the top doors glass ? may the cabinets be separated ? if so where ?
There are no directions, can anybody help me put this cabinet together?
I have two questions. Is the cabinet paintable (or is the 'laquer' really a laminate)? And did the cabinet emit a strong odor when first assembled?
Do you ship to APO? thank you!
What is it made of? Real wood, manufactured wood, particle board, pressed wood,etc
What are the inside dimensions, for the cabinet and the drawer?
Is this desk too small for an adult or a college student? Also is the color an off white/cream color? (Trying to match with ikea hemnes furniture)
is it useful for a 20 year old girl who wants a simple desk? is it tall enough
What chair fits with this desk?
What are the Dimensions and material ?
is the back side finished?
Does the Toy Bin have a cover that slides down or is it exposed?
Can the toy bin be mounted on either side of the desk, or is it left side only?
What chair did you purchase with this desk? The kidkraft ones reviews say they don't fit?
does it have room for a desktop computer. my daughter is 5 and has a flat screen monitor, but is there enough room for the tower to sit on top?
does it come in any other finish besides white?
has anyone ever tried it in an xp-200?
Does this work specfically with Epson WF-2540. I do not know of the reviews are for WF 2540
Are these sealed in individual plastic wrap or are they not wrapped at all?
i put the mpc t200xl in cartridges in my epson xp-300 the ink charged after charged started printing nothing on my paper
I get an error message on my Epson WF-2530 that the ink cartridges are "not recognized". How do I bypass this?
Anyone try on the Epson WF-2530 printer? negative commenters, why? Thank you
Will I have problems w/ Epson XP-400. One person said yes, another said NO? Also, is there an option for a pack with colors &amp; 2 black cartridges
Does anyone konw if these are pigment-based or dye-based?
will these work in my epson 310xl
Will these fit in my epson XP-401?
is this unit locked? Will it work with Bank of America Merchant processing?
Is this a NEW unit and not a refurbished one? What is your warranty policy?
do this terminal come with paper?
I will only use the machine a few time a year for trade shows. Please let me know if this machine has the ability for "pin and chip"?
replacing ink
What is the part number (model # ) ? so I could check if the machine is compatible with the servicwe provider.
What's the difference between EMV chip reading ability (which you say no to below) and EMV compatible (which you say yes to below)?
Does this work with Elavon?
Is this unit EMV compatible?
Does this work on digital phone line and does it have to connect via Ethernet?
What is the inside distance between the two front feet? I'm looking to fit a Blu-ray player underneath.
what are the sizes of the risers? how high is it on the lowest level, how high on the higest?
How short can this stand be? I want one 11 X 2 1/2. Is this one close?
I want to fit a laptop under it, that is 15"W x 10"D. What is the inside distance between the front &amp; back feet?
does an XBOX work with this monitor?
Is a "rapid feed" or multiple slide feed attachment available for this device, to allow sequential scanning of more than 4 slides at a time?
I can't get it to work. I must be doing something wrong but don't know what. The slide won't show up on the little screen. Suggestions?
can I get prints made at some place like WAL-MArt without buying anything else like a card. The ink for my printer is pretty pricy
will the ION film 2 SD slide scanner work with windows 8.1?
How fast does it scan a single slide? I have had a lower resolution unit (96 dpi horiz. and vert.) similar to this one and it has performed well.
Does it come with a holder to scan 110 and 126 negatives as they are much smaller than 35mm?
The SD card won't stay inserted
Whats the dpi of a scanned image?
does this work with 110 negatives?
Does this have 14 megapixals?
Do these come off easily (are they "removable")? Do they leave behind residue?
Is this item to use label maker BROTHER QL- 700?
We are looking for stickers for moving our office. Can these be removed easily?
Can you write on the stickers easily?
is it possble to tear the backing paper with the stickers on it, or would you have to use scissors to cut it apart?
Do you get 50 cards with 50 envelopes?
Do you get 50 cards and 50 envelopes?
what color is this lovely lace thank you - blue or black?
Does this come with multiple of the same colors or are all the colors different?
Do these pens smear?
Would you use these to color zentangles?
If the ink is "wetted" with a paintbrush or finger directly after writing will it smear? I like to make it look a little water color-esq.
Question about storage: I usually store Pens and markers top-down or at least on their sides. Does this storage container negatively affect the flow?
How many different colors are in the set?
Will these write over water colour &amp; acrylic paint &amp; or stamping for mixed media journalling?
Can they be used to write on black paper?
Does it have a cover? Is it portable?
does the stand come with the pack?
Do they bleed through paper like Sharpies?
Do they write on black paper?
I need something for very small detailed spaces. Have any of you also tried Fiskars? If so, which do you think is better?
How fast do these pens run out of ink?
Does it have a cover? Is it portable?
Can these pens be used with a Spirograph?
What is measurement of the stand?
is this product worth purchasing?
Have anyone tried these on their nails? If so do they work?
is this a nice wallet size to fit in a purse?
does this include the day by day weekly pages and are the dates already filled in or do i have to do that?
What does this date from? I want to use it for this fall 2014 till next year, is that possible?
What is the size of the paper inserts for the small 6.5 x 7.5 planner?
Can I have undated refill from amazon with my order?
does it have a calendar?
Can't I get a refill? # on pages of calendar, etc. says 2011. Just need a refill. Binder still great! Would not have bought it if I had known it
Can you purchase a refill for this one?
How many rings and what size? Pen holder?
Will the small version fit sheets that are 4.25 * 6.75?
I'm guessing that the page size is 5 1/2 X 8 1/2. Is that correct? What is the ring size?
does this have credit card pockets like the small one?
How many rings does this item have?
Is the calendar for 2015?
What size are the rings?
Will this hold a pad of paper?
does it come with address and phone number pages?
Is the cover hard enough that it won't bend when taking notes on my lap?
Are the contact pages tabbed?
Where do you normally buy inserts and refills for this organizer? (Like you would for a filofax)
what are the dimensions?
How does this compare to a Ratpadz?
why can't this be shipped to Australia when other razer products can?
Would you say this mouse is similar to the Razer Sphex Mousepad? At leat, as far as texture goes?
since its aluminum, is it cold to the touch or does it juts feel like plastic?
This works with a laser mouse? according to a review, it doesnt. So i want to be sure
gamer mouse pad
How does the Apple Magic Mouse perform / feel / respond on this pad?
My bins are 20 1/2" x 14" at base however the top measures 24" x 18"D. Would this cart accommodate my bins with those top measurements?
If you would post a picture of a bin with dimensions beside it...it would help a lot..you need three dimensions, width x depth x height ????
How is the bin secured to the caddy?
How many individual steps on the instruction page? How many parts un assembled are there?
I am interested in ordering a replacement wheel for this caddy. From where I can order one? Thank you.
I live in Boca Raton, Florida. The base of my bins measure 12.5 X 21.5. . Which cart should I order?
How sturdy is the cart ? Any bending or twisting of the frame ? What is the weight limitation ?
Is that 18.25" wide or 18.25" deep? Which caddy do I need for a recycle bin just over 14" deep by about 24" wide?
The base of my recycle bins are 21 1/2 x 12 1/2. The top of the bins are 25x16 1/2. Will this cart fit?
The base of my recycle bins are 21 1/2 x 12 1/2. The top of the bins are 25x16 1/2. Will this cart fit? The description is confusing.
Are these cartridges going to work in my B210 photosmart all in one???
Will these work for HP 3520?
Is this going to work with HP Photosmart 7510 ?
do these work in Photosmart 7520 series
is it compatible with HP office jet 4620
is it compatible with hp photosmart c309a
which cartridges do you use for the 5525 hp photosmart, they are too big or too small, they dont fit.
the all in one 6510 HP photosmart ........does it also use these
Do these work with the Photo 5510?
I'm new at this.....does "replacement" mean "compatible"? Where do they manufacture these? Thanks?
Do they have chip for ink level?
I tried both cartridges, peeling off the back sticker, twisting off the cap.. it won't seem to work in the printer(6520). any ideas?
hp ink cartridge 62
Does it work with D7560 HP?
I am not a printer expert i will put the cartridge in myself and i am on a device budget Will this Work in my HP PHOTOSMART 5514 ?
Will these work for the HP photosmart 7515?
I put a new replacement cartridge in my HP 6515 printer. It printed 2 pages, then it would not print. Suggestions?
how many copies might it last for?
DO THESE CHIPS WORK FOR B411dn?
does the chips work for the b411d printers?
How long is the shelf life of this toner? Does it "go bad" or last indefinitely? My usage is modest.
Can you please tell me the size and weight of this item?
Can you use this without a port replicator? Does it still hold your laptop securely?
Is it very firm, when set? I mean, does it wobble or tremble as you use your computer on it?
I see it totals hours. Does it also calculate overtime? I am in California.
If an employee misses a punch, is there a way for a manager to correct/edit it?
I received this item last week, and I wanted to know if it is normal for it to be loud? The ribbon that it came with is dry, can I get a new one?
Does it come with an initial printer ribbon?
what happens if people forget to punch in/out. Will it compute other shifts still or simply not calculate totals
is it shipped with a supply of any time cards?
Does this time clock ship with any time cards?
what time card is used with this model?
Will the software work with Macs?
it has AC option? if we don't want to plug to computer
Can you set this up to show the time and date?
Can the sign be set not to scroll?
can this be used as a count up timer? I want to use it for running events for timing.
How many characters can a message be?
How do you program it without hooking it to my PC? I have windows 8
does it work for windows 8?
Can I hook four signs onto one PC, for the same ONE message on all four at one time? I only need one line signs for warehouse notificaiton to employe
How many messages can it display?
how to use
Can this scan 11" x 17" sheets in one run?
How quickly does this scan?
What are the differneces between TT-DS001 &amp; TT-DS003?
All these questions and yet can't find mine! What is the max size micro card it will accept?
If I use this scanner for a document, will I be able to edit/change the text in the document if I save it as a pdf?
Suitable for scanning books? Followed by conversion to PDF-book.
I bought Tao Trornics Document scanner which has only 10 millimeter opening for the micro SD card. Tell me where to buy and how to install this card.
What is the widest width of page that this will scan?
Will this work with my Apple?
I want to use this to hold a single monitor. Is this possible? can it carry that weight?
Is the Professional model as sturdy as the Executive? I see it says "NEW JOINT - easier, safer, sturdier" here. Does the Professional model have the better hinges?
is this one silver? The description doesn't say
How high could I raise this device if I am using an external monitor instead of a laptop? i.e. The space where the laptop sits on cannot be tilted.
I want to use this on the road in various settings, how much do all the models weigh?
what's the max weight it can support?
I want this for an ereader. I need it to be portable and easy to adjust for travel. Car and plane has anyone used it this way?
Is there a smaller version that would fit a 13" Mac? This version takes up too much space on my desk.
Is there room to use a mouse on the surface next to a typical laptop
I want to be able to stand at my desk and use this product with my 17" Mac book Pro, it that possible?
Does this padfolio have any sort of locking mechanism? Also, do the pens come included?
Does this case have a zipper?
I purchased this product and I'm wondering where I can get refills for the legal pad. I want the exact same legal pad. Anyone know where i can get one
What warranty comes with the refurbished phone?
can you use a headset with these?
does caller id show up while on a call?
Does this have bluetooth or a headphone jack?
Does the system work with 220 volts ?
do these sets all come with awall mounting bracket??
Does it have caller ID
If I am getting these just for extra handsets - will they work with my system - handset that is with system is this kx-tga-470b ?
call blocking is currently limited about 25...what is the maximum numbers that can be blocked or is there a way to expand to block to 50 nmbrs?
Can you wall mount this phone?
What is the warranty?
I currently have Panasonic KXTG7731 and want to add phones. Is this system compatible?
I am trying to undeerstand all the numbers in the product description, i.e. KX-TG4736B, KX-TG4732B + 4, KX-TG4733B + 3, KX-TG4734B + 2 \
We already have a panasonic phone setup that is a desk style with a KX-TGA641 cordless. Will these recognize each other?
does it have a speaker phone
How many phones does this allow? Just 6? I can not get the 7th phone to register.
Does the answering machine give an audible tone when a message is saved
Can the handsets be wall mounted?
Does this have an intercom feature between handsets to call different rooms in a house.
Do you have to keep track of which handset goes with which base? Or are they all interchangeable?
Do it comes with user instruction book
extended warranty
our red and blue bins are each 20.5 inches at the base, which model should we order
I bought the red caddy. Wrong. I need to know the wheel to wheel outside dimension of green caddy.
What are the dimensions of the recycle bin that your product can hold? Up to what weight can this cart hold without bending?
What dimensions does it fit?
My printer is saying the Cyan cartridge needs to be replaced. I just replaced it a month ago. 95% of my printing is black. Is this wrong?
when you buy a printer does it include laser cartridges?
Do the ink cartridges dry out if you go a couple weeks without printing?
What ink does this printer use? How much will it cost for black ink? How much will color ink cost? Do i need 3 colors or wilL one combination be available? topic- DELL laser C 1765nf
does this unit have a network cable plug as well as wireless?
Does this printer have an auto feed scanner instead of just using the flatbed?
How to disable power save on a Dell C1765nf
The printer prints magenta all over the paper no matter how much we try to wipe off the cartridge when we install it. Can't figure out how to prevent
Does this printer come with the 1 year standard Dell support warranty?
Do you get a "starter" or regular capacity cartridge when you buy this machine? And what is the page yield approximately?
Does this work with AirPrint on iOS devices?
Is this the LED printer?
does this printer can use lgal size paper?
does anyone know that maximum cardstock weight that this printer will work with?
Can I print labels on this machine? I saw that some cardstock doesn't work well in this, but I'm wondering about stickers / address labels. Thanks.
Does this printer also com with a USB or LP port cable if I want to have a direct connection?
what system/s is this printer campatible with?
What is the PPM?
is this laser printer any cheaper to operate than an inkjet printer? I print a lot and the cost of ink for the inkjet printers becomes expensive!
Will this be compatable with any dell lap top computer
Are you forced to use a wifi connection or can you plug this in to your desktop via USB or cat5 direct?
I need some help.. I really like this product and maybe scanned close to 100 photos. Now when I try and scan, it leaves a double white line on the scanned electronic photo.. I tried to clean the scanner and it wont go away. I don't know if I should...
When a photo/document is scanned does it go into one folder or a 100 different folders? Can you tell it which folder to save into?
Can you scan 5 pages into a pdf file?
Where is the passcode? For the life of me I cannot find the password to connect the machine
Does it work with Laptops?
What kind of power adapter do I need to buy for this?
Can this scan plastic ID cards?
does it work with the ipad air
I am looking for a case for it like the one for magic wand but that one is to short.
can i plug a chromecast device into it and stream from it
There is another 3m projector that is powered by roku. This one isn't the same ? Does this have to connect to the iPad,laptop etc and the other didn't
I have a five year old Dell Inspiron laptop. Do I need some other adapter than HDMI?
Can you use a speaker that uses bluetooth with this projector?
HELP. I just had my second one delivered and It will not power up! I have the regular plug adapter (for the US), It is plugged into the right hole.
is this projector compatible with the apple iphone 5c
Can you plug a flash drive directly into the MP 300?
I have read the product manual and I still can't determine what additional cables I need to get this projector to mirror with my Ipad 2.
What about 2 sided printing? Does it show through?
why is shipping being charged on this prime item?
Does this paper "bleed" with ink jet printers? If so, what model printer?
Recycled? Percentage?
Does it work on regular Canon MP495 printer, or its just for Laser printers?
Does it contains 3 packs of 500 sheets each?
Is this recommended for double sided printing on a HP laserjet printer?
where is it manufactured?
Any issues with double sided printing, is it too thin like some comments say here? Thanks
is this 20lb or 22lb?
I am only 5'1", can you stop it at any point on the riser, or are there set height points?
The product dimensions says it is 5" high when flat and 15.5" high when extended. Does that mean it only rises 10 &frac12; inches?
My current work surface is 24" deep. Will the Varidesk Single fit comfortably on it, or will the edge of the base hang off of it?
Is this sturdy enough to support a 21-pound, 27" iMac? Specs say up to 35 pounds but want to know from a user. Thx.
Does the keyboard tray go up with the work surface? The only picture of the keyboard tray shows it flat on the desk.
What is the best way to secure displays to the Varidesk Pro? I am considering drilling two holes on the back side of the platform.
I would like to create a treadmill desk. How close to the edge of the desk will the edge of the monitor-tray be?Want some projection beyond desk to .
When closed, is there room to tuck modem or external storage underneath it?
If it is 5" when flat, and I need the keyboard to be at 26" when I'm sitting, I would need the table underneath to be 21", right?
Can anybody using this at home comment on whether it is sturdy enough to withstand having a cat jump on it. Would the cat topple it over? Thanks!
Do you think it would work for someone who is only 5' tall? I've wanted a standing desk for years but never asked for one from work because of cost.
On the Pro model in the standing position is there plenty of room on the desk to rest your wrists in front of the keyboard? Thanks.
Is there a keyboard tray that adjusts - particularly at the "stand position"? In the photos when the Varidesk is at the "stand" position it appears as if the keyboard is sitting at the same level as the monitor stand, which would be way too high to be...
How many inches of height does the Varidesk Pro add when in the "down" position? Thanks.
I'm wondering if my monitors will fit - I have two 24" widescreen monitors (modern style with a small desk footprint). Is the desk wide enough?
Is this non-penetrating or do you have to drill holes in the desk to install?
I have a 27" imac and a 27" thunderbolt monitor, will I be able to fit them on the Varidesk Pro?
Is anyone using this with two monitors and a laptop in a docking station? If so, is the docking station on the Varidesk or on the stationary desk?
I am 6'7" and the right keyboard height for me when standing is about 20" above the desk surface. What is the maximum height for the keyboard?
What are the dimensions of the top of this desk? I need a minimum of 19" for my large iMac/extended keyboard. Thanks in advance.
Will this charge any phone and any tables or kindles?
Will this charge an iPhone 5s?
Can it be charged with a solar panel ?
what is a two ended cord that needs to be used for the iPhone 5s?
how do you charge the unit
Are these NEW cartridges or REFILLED?
Is this compatible for EPSON series-2450? I'm using T200120 ink. I don't know if T200XL is compatible with my printer.
Are these cartridges compatible with Epson Workforce 2530?
Are they compatible with the Epson XP-300 printer or what?? Is it gonna mess up my printer??
can i refll ink for t200
Which high capacity ink cartridges work best with the Epson Work Force 4630 printer
How many cartridges in the box?
what is the yield of the high capacity cartridge? thanks.
Does the pack come with black ink?
Will the 127 cartridges I ordered fit the Epson Work forced 3540? They were advertised together, but Epson shows a 126 as coming with the printer.
will the 159 cartridges fit the epson 3540
Can the answering machine be turned off or deactivated?
does this phone has audio when you get a phone call telling who is calling?
is there a headset jack
do all the bases charge each phone?
Hello, I was wondering if one of the phones is considered the phone base since I just see 4 free-standing phones. Also can the phones be used through
Does the number buttons light up?
what is the input voltage on the AC adaptors. Will it take 220v input as well as 110v? thanks
Does Panasonic sell a compatible handset that includes a headphone jack?
Is this system compatible with model KX-TGA 430B?
can this phone work on 220 v?
Does it have " Speed Dial" ?
Can phone accept landline and cell calls at the same time?
Is there a "Do Not Disturb" feature? My old GE has it and I love it.
Does it have wall mount?
I use my current phone in speaker mode a lot. What is quality (both on my end and the listeners' end) of the speakerphone?
What kind of indicator shows that there is a message on the answering machine? Does it show how many messages?
This phone is on the extra handset (not the base) on my desk which is also near my router and modem. Since I plugged the new phone in, I have been having internet drops. Would putting the base on the desk fix that? What else can I do? I telecommute so...
Are there additional handsets available for this phone, we discovered we need more than 2. If there is, is there a series number? Thanks.
How far can a handset be from the main base? I want one of the handsets/chargers in a barn that is a distance from the home. Thanks
Can I disable answering machine portion?
Is there a headset jack on the handsets?
How is the volume on this handset? I am starting to lose my hearing and find my old panasonic to be almost impossible to hear.
If I "pair" my cell phone do incoming and outgoing calls from my land line still work normally or do I have to unpair the cell phone?
All photos of headsets show a wire from the headset to the handset. Can this unit be linked to a bluetooth headset?
Does this phone announce the name/number when another call comes through (call waiting caller id)?
does this phone have call blocking (kx-tg7873) ?
Can audible caller id be turned off
Does this phone work with Vonage so that you use that as your voicemail source rather than the built-in answering machine?
If I use my external voicemail (Comcast), is there an indication when voicemail is received and 1-touch dialing to retrieve voicemail?
Is there a light to indicate a missed call?
I am looking for a good cordless phone with excellent range. I live in a brick home with plaster walls and reception can be a problem.
Can i plug in a headset
my wife is hearing impaired. is the speaker loud?
Does this model have a headset jack?
time keeps changing from daylight savings back to standard as soon as you receive a call. how do you correct?
Will this answering system work internationally?
Will this item function in a 220V (Europe) environment ?
does this model have remote access
Answering Machine will I be able to leave a personalized greeting for incoming calls or is it computer voice/ unchangeable generic greeting?
does this have call waiting
Is there a way to disable the answering machine function? Mom likes her old-school answering machine, but it is on its last legs.
Please can you provide me with the Voltage for Panasonic KXTG4222N DECT 6.0 - 110 or 220 volt?
Can you set the Answering Machine so that you don't hear incoming message until you play them back? Volume set at '0' bumps up to '2' on some models.
Does this phone work with OOMA in United States?
is it cell phone compatible?
Does this phone have call blocking?
does it have battery backup for power outages?
Does it have an automatic paper feeder?
Does this printer have a paper tray that will fit multiple sheets of legal sized paper?
Can it be connected to the computer or do you need to buy a router?
If one color runs out will the printer still print a B/W print or does the whole thing shut down?
does this automatically select letter or legal
Hi guy's, can this printer make good quality photos on 11 by 17 photo paper ?
Wireless printing from my MacBookPro is flaky (works on-and-off), is there some obscure setting I need to tweak? Thanks in advance...
what is printing cost ? how many standard pages in Black and in color / catridge?
Is the document print quality (BW / color) good enough to distribute to customers? Some review sites indicate the quality maybe sub par to Epson / HP.
Can I copy legal-size by feeding rather than flat bed? Can I enlarge and reduce from the flat bed?
Will this auto-duplex 11x17 paper when used with the HP 7610.? Thank You.
Is this compatible with an HP Photosmart D7260 inkjet?
Ordered duplexer from Ebay but manufactured in 2007 so didn't attach to printer purchased in 2014. When was this duplexer manufactured?
will this duplexer work on a officejet 8600 pro
will this work with the 7110 wide format?
Will this work with a HP Deskjet 6840?
Will it work for an HP OfficeJet 6600?
Does the auto-duplex work with the automatic document feeder?
Send it to Brazil?
Does scanning slides damage them in any way? I don't want to hurt the original image in case I'm not happy with the scan results. Thanks!
is it possible to make DVDs from this machine? if yes, how is it done?
Do you just place the cardboard 35mm slide into the slide tray?
how long does it take to convert slides to digital in the wolverine f2d20
Is the quality really 20 MP? I can't find any other scanners that claim to have that high a quality so it made me curious about this one.
Can I get extra negative holders? Can I use this for large or medium format?
does it take a separate memory card?
i have lots of 110 negatives will this work on them?
Anyone purchased the TV out/video cable? One end is typical RGA cable (yellow end). what is the other end? Is this a standard cable?
What TV cable would I need? (my dad wants to watch 50 year old slides on his TV, not a small screen).
how many pages are in this book?
How many pages in the book or days can be tracked?
How many pages/days does it have?
I just want to clarify....If I was to purchase, these are four separate panels each being 54" x 24" each, correct?
Are these washable?
Do these shades pass FIRE CODE in schools?
Do these shades pass FIRE CODE in schools?
does the color matter? ie - does it make the room look blue? - or can you mix and match the colors without driving the kids eyes crazy?
do these shades go over the existing plastic panels in drop ceilings?
Wii this product work on my MFC J825DW
Do these work with J835 DW ?
Do these cartridges come up with the vent on top (covered by the piece of tape in the pictures)? I've bought some that don't and have to drill a hole.
I have a MFC-J435W Brother printer. The cartridges do not work with the hard plastic housing. Please advise.
Will this fit MFC-J475DW?
Has anyone used these in an MFC-J825DW Brother printer? I bought a 24pk of inexpensive cartridges about a year ago and they didn't fit right. T
Does this cartridge fit model HL 5470DW? I saw 2 reviews where the customers stated that the toner sent did not fit. Wanted to verify before ordering. Thanks!
Does it work with Brother 5450DN?
does this cartridge have the reset flag ?
Does anyone know if this cartridge will work with MFC &acirc;&#128;" 8810DW brother printer?????
What is the warranty policy--and is it actually carried out?
Does this really fit the MFC-8710DW model?
Do you guys have High Yield Toners for Dell 2350dn ? Thanks.
Do you have any high yield cartridges for Bother TN-420 ?
Does this cartridge have a high yield?
Description says it scans up to 12.2" x 17.2" image size, but what size paper will the bed accommodate (without extending over the edges)?
can it scan negatives and slides?
I'm new at this. when fine art work is scanned , is color true enough to be converted to jpeg/tiff without color correcton or photoshop?
Are paintings etc scanned on this unit convertable into jpeg/tiff without using photoshop?
Should I buy the warranty? 3 and 4 year ones are offered at time of purchase.
Does the scanner come with a 1 year warranty?
If I scan multiple pictures in one pass, does the included software delegate them into separate .jpg files?
Is the Epson 11000XL-GA scanner compatible with Mac OS 10.9.5?
Is color correction needed for paintings scanned? I am unable to work a lot on a computer.
Interested in this scanner to scan album pages. Will Image Capture on the Mac drive the scanner? Would like to segment multiple pictures on bed automat
Does it work with Mac OS ? Running Mavericks (10.9)
Does it work with macbook pro retina late 2013, 10.8.5?
Does it work with Windows 7 bootcamp on macbook Pro? And if yes does it work as plug-n-play? The thunderbolt-gigabit adapter sold by apple requires restart every time you disconnect and connect it back! in other words, it is not plug-n-play! :(
Does this work with the MS Vista Home Premium OS?
Does it work with acer Aspire V5 touch Model No. V5-122P-0869 There in no cd room in this model ..is mY question is if it's going to works or not ?
Can this be used with an Opti ups usb cable? Will their monitoring software find the opt ups like it does when plugged directly into my computer?
does it print letters &amp; e-mails or just photos
1.) Does it come with the print cartridges or do you ALSO have to purchase them separately? 2.) Can you connect this via USB port? Thanks in advance
Does this print on cardstock?
Is it wireless, can it be used with computers in the next room?
Does print smudge easily
Does it print envelopes?
I have two computers, one desktop without wi-fi capability and one laptop with wi--fi.Can I connect the desktop via usb and the laptop via wi-fi on t
Will the 251dw print 3x5 recipe cards?
how does this printer compare to the hp officejet pro 8100?
how does this printer compare to the office jet pro 8100?
Isn't it removed with damped clothes?
Does it show up on glass?
Will they glow in the dark without black light?
do these write on black poster board?
are these included in the 24 packs they sell as sets or are these seperate colors
Could these be used to write on white t-shirts and glow under blacklights?
Are the Neon Sharpies acid-free and safe for scrapbooks?
Can you use these on a chalk board?
What do you mean by black light? If I use them on paper, will they glow in the dark?
Will they show up on a black cast?
Is this pencil self feeding or do I have to click something to advance my lead.
Is it black and green like in the picture?
Does the 0.7 mm KuruToga have the same teeny and near useless eraser that the 0.5 mm version does?
I don't understand how to load the lead. Can you give me step by step instructions?
Why Should I buy this? What makes it worth $5+? What is The difference between other pencils?
What is this made of?
Does this pencil require its own lead, or will any 0.7mm lead work with it?
Is this the japanese version?
are the colors black and greeen-yellow like in the picture? or am i going to get a black and blue one unlike the picture?
how many replacements leads are included?
I'm five feet tall (or five feet short) -- will this work for me as a standing desk or will it be too tall? Thanks!
Has anyone used this for just a wireless keyboard and Mouse? How does it work? I already have my displays
How much does this,weigh. Can I transport this to and from the library?
will it support a monitor, keyboard and mouse?
I am 5'4" will this work for me or be too tall? Thanks. :)
I use the touchpad on my laptop to maneuver my cursor rather than a mouse. Does that 'exercise ball' thingy get in the way?
Do the legs fold on this desk?
Is the squeeze grip ball removable? Thx!
will this sit on an Exercise Bike?
how wide is it?
Is it warranteed if issues (compatibility, low ink error, etc) noted in reviews occur?
how do you reprogram mx450 on how to override empty cartridge indication? my faxes stopped printing.
Your instructions are not working there is no "advance" in lower left corner or anywhere where i can uncheck "enable advance printing feature"
How many pages can I print from this cartridge?
brings all wires to jtag?
Good I wonder if the tool used to release featuring bands samsung? or just repair software? thanks
Hello. Does this box work with CASIO phones? specifically the Commando and Commando 2?
how many days does it takes to arrive to my home address in florida?
Hi, this box work with samsung phones?
I don't see the dimensions for this product. How tall? Wide? Deep?
How good is it sharpening colored pencils?
will this sharpen faber castell polychromos and water color pencils? ( my electric panasonic will not)
Does it take large size pencils or just the standard size?
what size of batteries does this use
How long do fresh non rechargeable AA Batteries last in this sharpener? That might be a tough question to narrow down, more answers, the more help.
What what do you think about the sound? Louder or quieter than other battery sharpeners? More or less grating?
Does it work and fit with Derwent hexagonal color pencils?
For those who have had this awhile how is its longevity? Still giving that super pointy point? I want a sharpener that lasts
I just received mine and cannot get it to work after trying several sets of new batteries. Do I need to do something to get it working the first time?
thank you, can yo tell me if all the other colors yellow, cyan and magenta also work with canon 8280cw?
What is the print yield on these cartridges?
I have a Canon 8280CW, uses toner cartridge 131. Is this cartridge (131a) compatible.
Is this made by wood or MDF?
Does the back go straight down or is it angled?
is there storage?
What are the actual sizes of each of the steps?
no ordering instructions that i see to have stool personalized with child's name. advice??
How tall is the stoool
up to what weight person can use this product?
Can a name be placed on this stool?
Will you personalize my daughters name on the step stool for me?
What are the dimensions of this phone?
Does the phone have a Red or Black handset handle? Main picture is black, linked picture is red. ?????
Is the ring a bell ring or a modern digital one?
Please, does this telephone work for a house? do you necessary have to pay to talk? thanks.
How do you select the color?
I noticed there is no marker or eraser holder. How did some of you fashion a way to keep a non-magnetic marker and eraser by the board?
Is it suitable for use to display fridge magnets?
How would you rate the quality from 1-10(best)? does it get worn out after being used for a few months?
Is the frame actually wood? Thank you!
what are the writing surface measurements?
Can you easily set this up on your fridge?
Does this come with the mounting hardware attached? I'd like to use it in the office without fear of it scratching up my desk when I do.
Can this mount to a felt wall divider?
I'd like to mount this on the inside of a door on a computer armoire. How thick is the frame? Thanks.
is it electric
What material is it made out of? Steel, Aluminum, Silver, etc.?
Is this item manual or electric?
Does the phone have a plug-in for wired ear set?
Does the phone have an encryption certification on the box or is the phone encrypted?
Can this configured to voip sip service like Sonetel outside the US?
For a 1-line home setup: If one handset is already on an external call, can a 2nd handset just pickup and join the call like regular POTS phones can?
does this incude the base?
If this phone is cat-IQ 2.0 compliant, can I pair the handset with a cat-IQ 2.0 compliant base other than Yealink (e.g. Comcast/Cisco GW)
Is this POE capable
can I buy this phone from Amazon and have it configured by my voip provider remotely? In other words, without having to ship the phone to them.
Does this phone come with the wireless base pictured on the left?
Does this work with Google Voice?
Can this be taken down by anyone? I want to know that no one can just walk off with the box.
How deep is the slot - I am searching for a box that could work as a key drop (as well as payment drop).
Could you advise as to whether or not there is anything inside the slot to prevent "fishing" out the contents???
can anyone recommend a similar dropbox that will fit a fed-ex envelope? thanks!
is there anything to prevent someone from fishing out the contents? ths is for use at my office where sensitive docs and/or cash could be deposited.
How many keys does this come with and is it easy to order extra keys?
Do you have to cut a whole in your wall to install this item?
I have multiple homes I would like to put this in. Are the keys interchangable or are the keys specific to each box?
How wide (in thickness) is the slot? I am looking for a box in which to deposit Cash Bonds for a Police Department. So it must be wide enough to put in a number of sheets of paper in thickness.
How many keys are provided?
Is this model (wood) stackable?
How high is the seat from the floor?
so I have a narrow opening in the desk and want to be able to push it in- can you verify the width at the bottom of the legs and not just the seat
the material is wood or plastic?
What is weight limit on chair?
How wide is the chair seat?
is this a true white or ivory?
the 951XL should have a higher volume of ink... print 2300 black, 1500 color, but you indicate that the print volume is 1000 black and 700 color, why
Will these do initial setup of printer head
use in 8610?
Is this the empty cartridge, or does this come equipped with ink and ready to use?
After these cartridges are empty, can they be re-filled? for example, Costco has inc refill services.
do the cartridges come with ink in ti
Does the Hp Officejet Pro 8600 use the same ink cartridges as the Hp Officejet Pro 8600 Plus ?
I would like to purchase this product, can you please explain what this product is? Do the cartridges have ink? Compatable with HP Officejet Pro K8600
I have a HP Officejet Pro 8600 plus printer. All of my cartridges read "set up cartridge". Will these XL cartridges work for my printer?
Chip converted means what?
Why does this unit start beeping for no reason at the worst times?
I need to use something like this with an Iphone "4", not 4s or any other version. Will it work for me?
Does it work with KX-TG7731?
Is this key detector compatible with Panasonic KX-TG465 Is this key detector compatible with Panasonic set KX- TG 465SK? sK?
Will this fob work with KX-TG484sk
Is it compatible with KXTG6845B
What are the dimensions of the fob? the ring diameter? (Amazon's dimensions are often package sizes)
What is the difference between KX-TGA20 and KX-TGA20B?
How do you put in the battery/cell?
Does it work with with KX-TGE230 series?
I have a Dell SE198WFP monitor 19" diagonal widescreen flat monitor... how do i know if your stand will be compatible with my monitors?
Can I put a 26" monitor and a 22" inch monitor on this? or do they need to be the same size?
what is depth of the C shaped base that sits on the desk from front to back?
how long does one arm extend from the center pole?
what is the package size and weight?
Does this phone have a built in answering system?
Does this have a speaker phone capability?
Is this phone turqoise in color, and do you plug it in?
Is this phone turqoise in color, and do you plug it in?
Can you tell me if this Retro Vtech could be works together with my wireless Vtech thanks
does it have bluetooth
includes the battery, or must be purchased separately?
Is there a dial pad on the handset
is this portable?
Does this have a voice mute option?
Can the units be used as a intercom without being hooked to a phone line
Is the picture or stream colored and does it have a speaker on handsets?
Does this have a jack for a headset?
Is there a belt clip attachment?
Is it possible to initiate a conversation or just listen to the person at the front door if they DO NOT PRESS THE DOOR BELL BUTTON?
Can the color screen be customized to any degree beyond a few pre-installed wallpapers?
Does the phone have an audible door bell or do I have to somehow tie it in to my existing doorbell?
Do you need to have phone service to use the video from the doorbell or do you have to have phone service for the system to work?
Do these phones have actual buttons to push? Or are they like digital phones?
the doorbell if have no electric and a doorbell would I be able to use this
I'm confused. Is it a landline as well as a connect to cell? I just got a landline number.
Does this unit have a 2 landline capability? I need a phone with 2 landlines. Thank You for your answer
If you have an incoming call, how do you answer? Can you just pick up the handset to answer, and hang it up to end; or do you have to push a button?
Can the hand set be used as a speaker phone. And if yes, how is the sound quality? Thanks
Does this work with a Samsung Note 3?
Can this device be used WITHOUT a landline and ONLY a CELL phone?
does the base display show the phone number or contact of an incoming call? I like being able to glance over at the phone and see who is calling.
Did anyone else have the problem that says NO LINE even when it's a working phone line?
How many handsets can you add on?
Can you use the bluetooth capacity to connect to a bluetooth headset?
can the door bell work exclusively with batteries
im reading this is not complete, you have to buy more stuff for it to work lousy? is this correct?
does vtech is741 dect 6.0 come with 2 units one for outside and one for inside
Can you activate the camera if the doorbell isn't pushed, say if someone just knocks at the door?
I wish vtech indicating how one can see the video. Do I need to connect with pc or smart device? Or it comes with a small monitor?
Is it 110 or 220v? If 110v is there a power adaptor i can purchase seperately?
Do I have to buy and use a base station, or can I just get the door bell and one phone? Do you need the base station to register the door bell and ph
I lost my doorbell adapter, I am trying to find a replace I know that it is a DC 6 volts, but anyone can tell me how many Amp or mAmps is it?
how do i connect it? is it wireless/ battery powered?
It says that it comes with a power adapter and batteries? Can I just use batteries to power it or does it require the power adapter?
Will this fit a Coronet Electric 12?
Will these fit a 1960's era Cole Steel typewriter?
Will this ribbon fit an Montgomery Ward Escort 55?
Would these fit an Underwood Champion?
Will this fit a smith corona corsair 700?
Will this fit in a Sears Chevron? It uses a 2" x 1/2" spool like this it appears.
Will these fit my underwood no 5?
Will these fit in a 1936 Royal model O?
Will these fit a Imperial typewriter?
Will this ribbon fit a Remington Quiet-Riter?
Hi there. I'd like to know if this item including the metalics and pastels colors as well? tks
What is the difference between the essential kit and the plus kit?
I received the 'Essentials' today.. however there were no instruction or paperwork to tell me how to access the digital download that is advertised?
How long to ship to the UK?
Hello, Is this the most up to date collection from pantone or is there a more recent one? Can you let me know ASAP, I'd like to order
include the metallic guide?
Is this the same as the Essentials kit from Pantone.com? same books? AND if I can also download free the Color Manager Software?
I have a M501d-A2R 50" that i'm sending back for replacement, will it fit fine in this box? i threw away the original box.
reusable
What are the actual dimensions of the box. I understand that it "should" fit a 50-55inch tv but what are the true dimensions of the box?
Am confused...on this video it says "Box sold separately"...is it true?...I don't have the original box/foam for my 50 inch Samsung TV, does it come w
Is the height of this box only 24"? My 55" tv measures 47" wide x 30" high. The specs on this box are 48" x 24" - not sure if this is correct
I have a 50 inch vizio. will the stand fit in the box at all?
What is the maximum weight this box is rated for?
Hello. I have TV on its original box. I will ship overseas. I need extra protection. The box is actually 38x25x12. Can I use this ecobox ?
What are the dimensions of the 55" Ecobox?
I have a 55" TV. I am going to ship the TV box via UPS ground. Is it safe?
Cost of ink
sd card slot?
What is the HP print cartridge this printer uses?
Put in new color ink but won't print in color
Why can't I print since the printer update?
what are diminsions?
Which Voltage?
black ink cartridge stopped working. did all the cleaning, etc. print quality diog prints black just fine. but nothing else using the FULL black ink
What is the height of the arms at its highest and lowest position?
What is the range of the seat height? Highest and lowest position.
Is this stool height adjustable? Lets say from a drafting table height to a standard desk height.
I need it for a 42" H standing desk. Would it be useful or would it be too small? Thank you
What is the weight capacity of this chair?
Do these arms adjust, and if so, how? I can't tell from the picture.
what is the weight capacity?
How wide are the wheels? and how does this compare to the "Wonder Wheel" beach cart?
What color is this beach cart? I'm looking for the one exactly in this pic ( Aqua &amp; royal blue) with the white marlin and the 'Relax' logo.
How much weight will it hold?
Can I print from my Ipad ?
does it come with black/color ink cartridges?
how do you setup the wireless?
will it work with samsung phones and other android devices?
does it have an ethernet connection
Is it compatible with Windows 8?
Is anyone having issues printing out pictures. The hues are never right. I haven't printed out a pic that has come out ok...
can I print via USB cable? The wifi in my company is restricted.
If I connect this printer direct with the USB cable, can it still be used wirelessly with other devices?
What is the size of the scanning panel or maximum size of document it can scan?
what is the size
how big are they?
Im look for a sturdy clip to attach dog tags to my large dog while we are out. Will this work and hold up to the task?
It doesn't list quantity per price @$2.76. Is this price per each?
I am looking for something like this to attach to my camera/camera strap. How much weight will these hold? Thank you.
Will these work as zipper pulls? Are they a good size to clip on to a zipper? Thank you!
What is the opened size of the clip, that is, what diameter ring can be inserted into the opened clasp?
I need a quote for 1000 of the lobstor claw snap hooks please Jack Hansen
I'm just trying the first one now - black. Can't get it to work in my WF-2540. I am confused by thee little orange plastic piece that keeps the clip from moving. What am I supposed to do with that? Is this the key to my problem?
Will this fit the EPSON WF-2630? The EPSON ink Style is 220....
These cartridges can be use many times..?
I have an XP-201 Epson printer. These cartridges work with your printer model?
do these work with epson XP-200 series printer?
will 125 t ink fit in place of t200
can it support input 220V?
If the individual LEDs stop working, can they be changed?
can it be used outside?
Does it blink?
Is there a way to de-activate the motion?
Is the length 10 inches and width 19 inches or the other way around? please respond soon i am interested in purchasing
Hello, what is the voltage please? Is it 220V- 240V?
does it count venezuelan bills?
Does it work with new United States $100 bills?
DOES IT WORKS WITH110 AND OR 120V
does it check for counterfeit bills both sides
Does the phone ring once when blocking a call? Can it be set so it doesn't ring at all when blocking a call?
How many numbers can be blocked?
Does answering machine beep when there are new messages? Reviews gave conflicting info.
Can you tell me if this phone has many different ring tone options and if so, can I program them so that for example when grandma calls it plays a ring tone and then when aunt calls it has another ring tone?
can you put phone no's in the base and copy to the handsets
Can you hear incoming messages in real time or do you have to wait until the caller has hung up and then retrieve the message to hear it?
how do I block calls
can i use headphones on this phone?
Can I turn off the ringer on one unit so it doesn't wake me when I am sleeping?
What is the range from the base set? How many feet away can an extension phone be located? Sue
easy setup
Can you use a headset with this phone?
Can you use the speakerphone base by itself?
Can the talking caller ID be silenced without affecting the caller ID on the phone's screen?
Does each phone have to be plugged into a phone jack or does it work with only the home reciever plugged into house Jack and other plugged into electr
How many numbers can be programmed into the speed dial on this phone?
what is the range of the handset from the base and is there any special set up for using the intercom system?
how do i block numbers?
How to retrieve missed and received calls.
Do you have to buy a subscription to use call blocker? If so, how much is it and where do you get it?
After you enter the numbers you want blocked, does this have the capability of displaying a list of calls that have been rejected?
Does this phone have a one button call blocker which will automatically put that number into the call block list without having to input it manually?
can you uses a headset
What does it mean, requires number registration in the call block list.
does it have answering machine and is it wall mounted
Is the talking caller ID clear and easy to understand
I just purchased this model Panasonic KXTG 6841B Dect_6.0 1 handset, landline. Is it possible to add another handset to this model? Which one? TY
Can I use this phone in Peru? For me the most important features are the speaker, sound quality, conference call of 3, big numbers display. Thank you!
how many numbers can you put in speed dial
Does this phone have talking caller ID?
I read there is no flashing light when you have a voice mail. How do you know you have a new voice mail?
Can you block phone numbers? And how many numbers can be stored in the phone?
does it have intercom?
Which, if any, of the units comprising the Panasonic KXT G6845B Set can be wall-mounted?
one review says it block 30 numbers, another that it blocks 250 #'s. Which is correct?
The base unit is only expandable to six units but I need/want 10. if I buy two 5 handset units will the two base units interfere with each other?
How does it compare with KXTG7875S DECT 6.0 ?
Block first ring
Is the speed dial on the base or on the handsets or on both? Thanks
how about its power is it 110 V only or both 110-240 V ,as i will use it outside the States.
Someone said there is no blinking light for unheard messages , on handsets or base unit. Can that be true?
Does the KXTG-684 series have a headset jack in the base unit AND the handsets?
Has anyone had the screen go out on one of the handsets? I have, and Panasonic has not at all been helpful! Suggestions?
When someone calls who is on the blocked caller list, does the phone ring once? And if not, is there some way to see if anyone has called and who they are?
Can I hear the message the caller is giving?
how many minutes of recording time on the answering system
Do the handsets have a mute button so I can just listen to a conference call while my side is muted?
Can this phone be used with a headset?
Can I use the answering machine and have my phone company's voice mail pick up and take a message when I am on the phone (I do not use Call Waiting)?
I currently have the Panasonic KX-TG6513B DECT 6.0 PLUS cordless product. Can I still use those phones with the KXTG6842 DECT 6.2 2 product? If yes, are there any interface issues I should be aware of?
Does this item have that strong formaldehyde smell?
How wide is the space where the rack is?
The finish in the Amazon pic looks like a warm darkish brown...is it actually more of a reddish?
Could the largest drawer be used as a file drawer, storing file folders?
Do I have to install the criss-cross rack or can I keep that space open for storage?
Is it made of real wood or wood veneer?
What are the dimensions?
Can you please elaborate on "enclosed back with cord access"? Specifically where within the piece and how large?
how large are the drawers?
Can you put hanging files in any of the drawers?
Why is this so expensive?
What if my laptop is on a desk? Does it still reduce the EMFs coming from the monitor?
can this be used with a kindle to block radiation?
Will the Defenderpad be allow through airport scanners and if so would the scanner damage or degrade the Defender pad?
What is the surface like? Will it keep my laptop from sliding?
how long this defender pad is effective? what if this pad sucked up all the electric magnatic field, where does it store emf next? How this systems
Does this product help reduce how often the laptop fan needs to run?
does it block wifi radiation? how does it compare to Harapad?
Is it ridged or flexible?
My concern is the heat and radiation coming from the keyboard to my hands, causing tingling. Will this pad limit the emf emitted to your hands?
The dimensions in the description seem wrong. What are the measurements? Will it fit front to back on a 10" deep shelf?
Have you ever experience the inked finish coming off on hands or carpet?
Do the hanging file folders fit in this box? If not what do I use for file folders?? Thanks
Do the hanging file folders fit in this box? Would the lid close properly if I did use the hanging file folders?
Does this come with 4 brocade, or 2 brocade and 2 pinstripe?
Is power necessary to use the corded handset?
How far is the range? Could I put a base it in a pole barn?
I reed a replacement handset for a CL84350. Will one of these handset's work
Is it possible to buy additional handsets?
are batteries included?
Does it have a mute button and speaker?
can caller announce be turned off?
How many incoming lines will it suport?
do you need to have at&amp;t or is this phone set compatible with any carrier?
What's in the box?
Got the DYMO Label Writer 4 X L To print on the 4x6" labels--But it fits only about a t1/3 of the 4x6 label. How to enlarge to fit most of label?
does the scale use usb and are all items compatible with stamps.com
Can this label printer be used to directly print from paypal and usps (without using the software it comes with?
Does this work with a Mac?
will this work for windows 8
Does the printer require ink ribbon? If so, what kind?
Have you tried printing from Etsy, Ebay, or Amazon seller accounts to this printer?
Is this postage printer compatible with usps &amp; ups, Thanks!!
Do these cartridges work for the HP x576? I don't see it specified in the specs.
How many copies per cartridge?
I don't understand the 1 star review. Are these original HP 970XL and 971XL cartridges for the HP Office Jet Pro printer? What is not as pictured here
The specified 9200 pages for black and 6600 pages for color is based on General Office mode or Professional mode?
Has anyone tried using refurbished cartridges? I hear they are pretty good and half the cost. Any opinions?
Is this printer compatible with an Apple Time Capsule router?
Does this printer still print black and white, even if the color toner is not replaced?
Will this print photos on 4x6 photo paper?
Can i use card stock with this printer?
Does this printer work with card stock?
is black &amp; white only printing also doable
Just curious as to the life of the starter cartridges
Does it have USB connection choice?
When it "automatically" prints on both sides of the paper - is this something that you can change in settings or somewhere if you don't want it to?
Does this printer require a drum unit as well as toner?
Why is the shipping so much more on this card holder compared to others of similar size?
how many credit cards does this wallet hold?
how many credit cards does this wallet hold?
Is this able to hold a 27" iMac and not bend or break after a couple months?
Are these ports 1.0, 2.0 or 3.0?
Does it support 220V?
What color product will the purchase be?
Will it work if I connect this to the usb port of an airport extreme?
Will this work in New Zealand if I purchase an adaptor?
What color do you get if you order this product? you don't get an option of choosing
The product dimensions says it is 3.2" tall but it looks shorter than that in the photos. How tall is it really? I need it to be 2.5" or shorter.
The product dimensions says it is 3.2" tall but it looks shorter than that in the photos. How tall is it really? I need it to be 2.5" or shorter.
Will the Space Bar allow a full keyboard (with numeric key pad) under it?
Does it have a shoulder strap?
what are the dimensions of the case? will it fit a bible thats 9.7 x 7 x 2.4 inches
My Bible measures 10.5" x 7" x 2 inches deep. Would this cover work?
What are the dimensions of this bible?
Would you send me the measurements for this item? Length, Width and Thickness in inches please.
what are the measurements
Can I use these to mount straight to my shingle roof?
I am planning to mount the panels on the roof of my house. Will water leak in from screws when rain?
I want to mount the 100W Renogy panel on the sloped shingled roof of my garage. Is the Z bracket kit what I need to purchase? Thanks, Matt
What is the distance between the two holes? I would like to use these brackets in conjunction with u bolts to attach a panel to my minivan roof rack.
Will these mounts work on a roof with a curve to it? The flat solar panel will not be laying totally flat.
I am new to the RV thing. When you drill into a roof (mine is rubberized of some sort) do you need to find a joist or can you screw in anywhere?
What size nuts are used?
Are these strong enough to hold the 250W panels? Amazon is showing them as frequently bought together, but each panel is ~40lbs.
Do these brackets hold the solar panel above the mounting surface or are the panels flush to the mounting surface. Concerned about water shorting the
What type of bolts should I use to put them on a motorhome roof?
Can you just replace the black toner when it runs out and not have to replaced all 4??
does it print two sided?
Has anyone used this printer with card stock? 80lb or 110lb?
Is this printer duplex?
Does the printer come with starter toner cartridges?
Does the set up have to be wireless? Can I not have to depend on internet to print? Is there a way to plug it into a PC like in the old days?
is this a laser printer
Has anyone successfully connect this printer to a chromebook ?
Does this have pass through capability for envelopes or thicker stocks?
what are the dimensions of this printer?
What is the rated page yield?
This is listed as "4 piece drum set"... For the advertised price, I will receive all 4 drum units (3x color, 1x black)?
Product photo shows a genuine Brother OEM drum, suspect this is not. Can anyone describe (or show pic) of actual drum and/or packaging you received?
Is this a genuine OEM Brother replacement unit, or a generic brand "compatible" part?
How can I tell which color is which? They're not color coded.
Will this replace the drum(s) in a MFC-9340cdw? My model is not listed but according to Brother this drum should be compatible.
are the drum specific to colors?
How much pages does this print?
Can I get a drum just for a black ink tonor cartridge replacement?
What are the demensions of the keyboard tray?
Is there a way to remove the shelf or the keyboard tray? I'm wanting to use this to mount a monitor and keyboard over a sound board in a venue.
Does the keyboard bounce when you are typing?
Does it COME with all 4 cartridges?
Is the cartridge refillable? Toner cartridges are $$ and I've refilled before, but this one says all 4 are in one cart.I only want to refill black.
Can you print on #10 envelopes?
Will it print on 11x17 paper?
Good afternoon dear printer comes with all the toner. regards
is duplex?
One reviewer commented that the printer jammed about every third page. Please comment on your experience with jams.
Does anyone know the difference between this printer: MF8280cw and MF8580cdw? The MF8580cdw is more expensive. I am wondering why.
does it scan and print 2 sides
What is the printing capacity on average for a one black cartridege? Number of pages?? thanks
The contents lists a single print cartidge. Does this printer come with color toner cartridges or do I have to purchase those seperately?
I really need it to be able to scan in pretty good quality and email in pdf. Reviews are so different.... is machine doing a decent job on scaning?th
How easy can you access the inside of this machine for paper jams? Im talking serious paper jam, not just a miss feed.
does it come with toners? what is the size frort to back left to right and the height????
Will this copier print card stock thickness paper?
does black/white printing stop when even one of the color cartridges runs out?
if one of the color toners run out, can you still print in black &amp; white
Does Canon program the cartridges to "expire" regardless of ink/toner level remaining like HP does?
Do you need color toner to print a black only document?
Can this scan and print 17" paper?
What does it weigh?
I am 5' 10", so I prefer a cart with adjustable handles. Is the handle on this adjustable, or will the height be ok for me?
Dimensions please
Does this work well on dirt roads ..trails?
Does the handle fold down in a way that allows for the basket to stay up?
What does the bottom of the cart look like? Is it some sort of interlaced grille? A solid piece of metal?
Can the base set be mounted on a wall or is it only designed to be used on a desk top surface?
does this model include an answering machine
Can this model be used in Korea?
does this phone have a intercom button ? or do you have to push some other buttons to get to the intercom?
Is there a blinking light on the handset to indicate a message was received and is waiting to be heard?
can you add a range extender?
is this a two line phone?
Can you plug in a headset? For hands free?
Does it have a rubber back?
I bought 1 of these rugs and loved how it caught crumbs but it did not hold up to machine washing and bunches up. Any idea how to get its shape back?
Is this safe for wood floors? I'm told to avoid rubber backing...not sure about the "dots of rubber" on the back.
There was a small grey swatch in the package. Any idea what it is for before I toss it?
Bathroom door doesn't offer much clearance above floor. Descriptions quote 1" and .4". Wondering what it really is?
WHAT INK CARTRIDGES DOES IT USE?
does it come with ink cartridges, any accessories' gloss photo paper ect....?
does this print normal WORd text documents is does this only print photos?
What are the dimensions of this unit, please
Is it wireless?
which is the weight of this printer?
Do I need to install windows 8 on my computer to run this printer or will it run on windows 7?
are the cartridges included?
Does this printer have a top opening flat scanner - a reviewer says it does not
what is the code number for the ink cartridges? Seems like Canon has a different one for about every printer.
can you mix these inks with the oem?
The yellow "pull' strips are not on OEM product. Do you have to remove the strip or do you leave it on?
Will this work with the Epson C11CD31201 Expression Premium XP-610 Wireless Color Photo Printer with Scanner and Copier?
Are the catriges refilling catriges. They seem to look like it.
Can w refill these with ink?
Also, Would this ink catriges work on Epson XP820?
Good evening, this is the price per pack 5 refillable cartridges? the ink is DYE or PIGMENTED?
DOES THIS WORK WITH THE XP 610
Will these work with the Epson XP-610 wireless printer?
Is it ganna work for XP-810?
will this printer make barcode labels ?
Does it include an AC adapter?
what all comes with this?
Does this work with Windows 7?
My new computer doesn't have a disk drive. If I buy this newer version - can I download the software?
Does this printer work with Korean language? What kind of material are these labels? ( I want laminate)
Can this be used with a MAC Mini, no CD slot?
Doe the Seiko 620 come with a USB cable or do you have to purchase it separately?
Does it work with an iMac 10.5.8?
Does Dymo labels work with this printer? (I had a Dymo and still have a lot of labels)
Does the slp 650 work with windows 8?
Does this use SLP-2RLH labels and SLP-FLW labels?
I currently use another brand label machine. Can the existing address database be transferred to the seiko?
Does this printer support variable-length labels? What VL label stock should I use?
Does this work with the Samsung Chromebook?
Does this 650 works with Win7 64bit?
WHAT POWER SUPPLY ADAPTOR COMES WITH THE SLP650?
What USB Interface does it use 2 or 3?
Can this printy bar codes and does the software that comes with the printer enable you to create bar codes
Does the USB Cable need to be purchased seprately?
what is the range for a handset from the base phone
the H - W- D in that order. Does it have a program phone book? Do you have to program everything through the handset. Thank you
does this cordless phone have clip on the back of the phone put on pocket and does the corded base have way attach to the wall hung up
does it muite at night
how many extra handsets can u add??
Do the key and display backlights on the base stay lit during a power outage? It would be nice to see the buttons and display when dark.
Is there headset jack on the base unit of the phone instead of on the handset?
does it have a memory dial feature?
Can you replace the short cord with a.longer one?
Does this come with a 220V power adapter?
does it have call block feature , if yes how many can be stored?
do these phones auto-hangup when placed on charger?
can additional handsets be added
How do I record a personal message?
I have this set but one phone not working. i/ bought it in Sapt 2013
When was this phone manufactured and where?
Can you use a headset with this model?
are the keypads lighted?
Will this AmazonBasics laminator work with other brand laminating pouches? Has anyone tried this for example with the smaller Scotch brand pouches?
Can you laminate numerous pages one right after another or do you need to wait? Need to laminate about 22 pages. Thanks!
Works it on 220 volt?
Will a 10 mil butterfly pouch work in this at all?
This may seem a stupid question but what sort of adapter plug did you use as the one on the laminator I have just received just has two flat prongs.
I bought this to laminate certificates at school... how do I prevent them from coming out too wavy?
Can I use this laminator on my MEDICARE CARD it is rather small
I understand it will accept 3mil or 5mil pouches, but how thick an an object can you feed into the machine?
I keep having problems with this not feeding the sheets through properly - they keep getting crinkled around the edges and folding in the machine.
I laminated one page just fine. The second page never came out. Turned it off and pressed the jam release. There is nothing to pull. Now what?
I want to transfer 2 different phone lines, and I want to keep my original phone numbers. Also, does my compter have to be 'on' for phones to work?
So people who were already using OBi with Google Voice prior to May 15th can still use it, but new subscribers cannot?
Anybody have any experience porting a verizon landline to google voice, and what would be the steps that I need to take? Thanks
Anyone having voice quality issues when using wireless feature?
I just bought an OBi200. How do you hook up a Canon fax all-in-one machine with my ATT DECT phone/answering machine? I can't seem to receive faxes
I want to set up 3 or 4 lines for outgoing calls. I'm a little confused about how the OBi200 can run four services, with only one jack.
I just bought panasonic phone with answering machine, will the answering machine work with it?
Does this device still work with Gvoice?
how does it work
What happens when Google voice is cancelled (after May 15th)? Will this device still work?
How does it work with Mac OSX10.9.2?
Can I print wirelessly from my Iphone?
Does it copy.
Aside from price, what is the difference between this printer (HL-2275DW) and the far more popular HL-2270DW?
Printer front says 3512, back info says 3510 and the CD that came with is for 3510. I'm afraid to try to install. Is this right??
It comes with cartridges?
Is it compatible with Vista? I know I know, but I can't afford a computer right now.
Is it compatible with Windows 7?
Does this come with cartridges? The questions left is from 2013 and wanted to make sure it still apply's.
Does the 3512 do multi-page scans into a single file?
Can not print off my computer
fax
will it still scan to file if its out of ink? not all printer will. they lock up. intell you get ink. thank you.
will it work with an android phone
did it come with ink cartridges?
Does this machine have a fax function?
Do you plug it in?
can you print on transparency paper?
Does it print in black &amp; white,without a working color cartridge in the printer?
does it work with Windows 7
Does this have a install disc?
Is this compatible with a laptop? And is there any other cable that needs to go with it to work?
What does the 'xl' mean on HP61xl ink cartridges?
Does this printer have document auto feed?
What size is this in inches?
Does this version have room for three years' worth of entries?
Can you easily remove the included pages and replace them when it runs out?
What year is the calendar/planner for?
100 packs 4"x5.5" SELF-SEAL CLEAR BUBBLE OUT POUCHES BAGS 3/16" BUBBLE WRAP 4x5.5 ...How many bags in this order?
is the size big enough for a long necklace with big stones?
Are these case packed or loosely tossed into a box?
I need these bags to ship sunglasses to customers. Wondering if the bag is long enough?
4x5.5 is including or excluding the adhesive strip? How wide is the adhesive strip? Trying to figure out dimensions when closed. Thanks!
does the magnetic name tag come with the magnet as well or are they just the nametage with the magnetic backing and no way to hold them on ?? -
I will be buying from Amazon- there does not appear any way to request a name to be inscribed- how does this work?
What is the actual size of badge?
I have 16 different names to be placed. How do I get this on the order? Also I need these no later than March 10, 2015 is that possible
gold pin tag with black letters to read "Scott Ferrando"
how many tags come in one order?
What are the dimensions?
what are the dimensions?
Where do I tell them the name I want on the tag?
How is this hung on the wall?
I'm looking for a calendar that starts the week on a monday instead of a Sunday. I can't tell from the photo because of the mistake questioned above.
January 1, 2014 is on a Wednesday. The product picture shows it off by a day. Is the actual calendar I'd receive incorrect?
what does it mean refillable, can the monthly page be taken out and put in the back for retrospective review without being tearing off?
What size is it in term of length and width?
What are the dimensions for this calendar? Thank you!
can you cut them to make smaller tags?
After laminated a sheet of paper, can you cut the sheet and the laminate pouch still stick to the paper without laminated boarder?
Does this come with a carrier pouch?
I want to laminate cards that have something on both sides, wil it be clear on both sides after laminateing
will these work with the purple cow laminator?
I want to laminate something and then bind/fold it, will i be able to fold it after i've laminatied it with your product?
Anybody use these with the Purple Cow laminator?
If you get the 8.9 inches x 11.4 inches, can you cut it down to laminate business size card? Or is it only good for the full size?
Is it a gloss finish when heated?
Can you double laminate with these to make it thicker/sturdier?
Does this have a flat back? I'm looking to tape this to our glass door.
Will it bolt to a wall?
Wanted to order 2 but do not want the red TAKE ONE printed on it :( Sounds like it is not a decal but permanent printing?
what is the depth of this infopac?
will it bolt to a brick wall
Can someone tell me which stake, specifically, works with this?
Is it UV resistant?
Is there any way to remove the "Take One" from the front cover,or can I purchase the cover with no writing?
Will this attach to a glass door?
what is it made of ?
Will I look as thoroughly unhappy as the model in the image if I buy this product?
Will this desk hold a 27" Imac safely?
Can you switch easily between standing and sitting? Or would you have to lift the monitor on/off the Stand Steady and desk underneath each time?
Is this real wood, or a laminate?
Is this adjustable to a height that is comfortable for someone over 6 feet tall? I would set this on a standard height desk. Thank you,
How does this work if my monitor is not height adjustable and you want it to sit higher than the level of the keyboard?
Monitor height appears too low in all pictures. Can monitor midpoint be at eye level to avoid neck strain?
Does it include the monitor stand? If not, do you know where I can find one like the one in the picture?
How stable is this? Does the top move around and vibrate much, or will it be ok to hold something somewhat vibration-sensitive? Thanks!
Is this strong enough to attach a monitor extension arm to it or would that throw off the balance? (It will also have my laptop on it as well...)
can you post pictuers of some of the pages.
Can I see an actual page from the planner?
Is there a tab for every month
What is the measurements of this planner?
is there a refill of r 20
is there a calendar refill for July 2014 to December 2015 and where can it be purchased
Is there a monthly view and weekly view?
What are the dimensions of the stool--width &amp; depth?
Does the top step of this stool go flush against the wall or cabinet? I want to know if my 2-year-old could use it to wash hands at the kitchen sink
What is the weight capacity of the stool?
Does it come in a darker color
where is it made and what is it made of?
Is the wood sealed in any way?
Does this stool have a non-slip tread on bottom?
how tall is this stool?
will it accommodate a 17" lap top?
I am looking to have an easily convertible standing desk/sitting desk. Would this item be easy to use and stand up to everyday, long term use?
How tall is the tray? How wide apart are the legs?
How big of a laptop will it hold? I have a 15" mac book. WIll it fit on the laptop part?
Since this is a Keyboard Emulator, will this work with Ubuntu/linux?
What is the max read range for passive RFID? It says 10cm but I get the impression it's far less.
Where can I find the drivers for this device?
Where do I find the software for writing on the cards?
Does it work with android that has OTG?
When I use the product to scan RFID tags I am obtaining a 4 byte number such as 21401160. Does anyone know how this maps to the 7 byte UIDs tags have?
Will it work with Windows 8.1. I just want to remove the RFID from the item and see what it says. Do I just put it on this device and it will do that?
How do I know if it'll work with my key FOB. I'm using HID Global's 1346Proxy III
Does this device also write NFC tags? (like exporting data like a notebook text file to an RFID or NFC chip)
Would it work with these? http://www.amazon.com/100pcs-125Khz-W...
is this product weed-able? is there any way i could put it through a vinyl plotter?
What kind of ink do I need to use or will work best with this opaque transfer paper, regular dye/inject ink, pigment ink, or sublimation ink?
Has anyone used this with an ink-jet printer? I ordered the laser printer ones by a mistake.
Does this have a white background that you have to trim off for dark or colored shirts?
can use for jersey?
Can I put it on stretchy material like tights without it cracking?
Can I use this product in a Heat dryer after machine wash. The ones I used will pearl or crack after a couple of wash. Or their colour will fade out
I would like to know if I can cut it with my cricut cutter?
why does the description say for use with inkjet printers, and the image says "for use with laser printers only"? 2 different things.
Would this work well with carpet?
Is this product made out of metal or plastic?
Would this work on exterior door with the rubber weather stripping underneath, filling the gap between the door and frame/threshold?
Is there a way to set/remove the door jam from the outside of the room? I want to leave doors cracked a bit but prevent cats from going into room.
Would this work on a door left slightly ajar, just enough to let the cat out?
Has anyone tested it if an emergency should arise? Considering the tighting mechanism at the base, would it be easily removed from the inside?
Can this be used with a large gap under the door? There is about 2.8 cm space between the bottom of my bedroom door and the floor.
Does it work well on a wooden floor?
Would this work to keep a a long pantry door closed in the kitchen from a toddler?
Anyone out there still using this item??
Does it include a Cartridge? Looking forward to your response.
will these rolls fit on a brother PTouch cartridge or do i need a House label cartridge?
Can I use my old plastic cartridges from the original Brother rolls? Or do I need to purchase a different cartridge from you?
How much does this ladder weigh?
how big is its footprint? I need it to fit into a small area -- about 20" x 23"
Is this foldable?
Why does the paper keep jamming? It also takes in multiple pages as well and I'm only putting in about 5 at a time
Is this a wireless printer, can I use it on my MAC laptop?
There is no USB cable in the box, what a ridiculous that you cannot use it when this item delivered home... What type of this USB cable? Thanks a lot.
Can I connect this to my home network with an ethernet cable?
Does this work with Galaxy Tab 2
Does it come with toner or do you have to buy it separately? The ad makes it seem as if it is not complete when you buy it.
Has anyone encountered "Login IP Address is Protected" error when attempting to log into SyncThru Web Service for this printer?
If I don't have WiFi @ home does it make sense for me to buy this printer? I saw there is a Ethernet option, but is that something I can even use?
Jam
Difficulty with this printer. Running windows 7. The system crashes everytime. Anyone else having similar compatibility issues?
how to adjust print quality
Does it wake up from PowerSave on WiFi request to print?
Does duplex printing work on a Mac?
Does it support airprint?
does this printer have a paper feeder?
Do the "giant" refill cartridges work in the "junior" pens?
Is there a choice of nib width? I tend to use Medium or Broad nibs for my Pelikan M600 and M1000. Thank you.
WHAT SIZE IS THE NIB
Can it send Fax over VOIP phone service, through a broadband cable service (WOW cable)?
voltage only 110 volt or also 220v accepted by the printer?
Google cloud print ready?
warranty
Is the ADF have the ability to scan both sides of a single page without manual flipping the paper?
Is it compatible with Mac??
Does my computer need to have a CD/DVD drive in order to install and setup the printer or can be done without one? Thank you!
How fast does this printer scan? Can you print double sided using the feeder?
Can I scan and save to my Mac via Wi-Fi, or does that require a hard-line connection?
Print color?
Will the by-pass tray hold several sheets at a time, or just one? Thanks!
usb
Is duplex feature available with the Scan and Copy functions? Or, is it just while printing?
what is the difference between this and the XAC new model?
Is the lip wide enough to hold a hard-covered book?
Could this be used as a keyboard stand?
I know the legs adjulst but does the laptop holder adusts as well and how many degrees?
Re:the question "How far apart are outside of legs?" 1 answer was abt 2 ft &amp; the other was 19". That's a big difference. Need exact space b/t legs.
is this able to hold a lcd monitor?
How high can you elevate the laptop?
How far apart are the outside of the legs?
What is the dimension of one of the legs? I want to buy a mouzpad to attach to the leg but it can't be bigger than 1-9/16" x 9/16".
Is this wide enough for me to slip my laptop under? I want to put a keyboard on top with the main surface about 2 inches high so I can still see the s
Where is this laptop tabel made?
Is that the vonage VDV22-VD?
How many lines will it handle?
Is this seller located in the U.S. ??
Can this be used as a replacement or is it only for new customers?
What's the difference between vonage vdv22-vd and vonage vdv23-vd?
will any cordless phone work with the router or do you have to have special phones?
how do you put the cartridge in the printer
will this work for brother series mfc5895cw? Ink packages on my printer says lc65hy-BK or Y or C Or m
are these the lc65hybk cartridges
how do you get front piece of old cartridge apart and on to new one
is it a toy...or a serious coin counter?
Will it fill the wrappers with the correct amount e.g. 40 quarters to a 10.00 roll?
Will this use the flat style paper coin rolls?
Can you use it without the coin wrappers if you just want to count the money you have and don't need to wrap it?
Please I want to know if it will work with Ecuadorian Dollar quarter coins? Really similar USA dollar quarter coin.
Does the quarter wrapper have to be the preformed wrappers or can you use the flat coin wrappers?
How is this powered? Will I need batteries or a wall outlet or something?
How is the accuracy? I've read reviews for other machines that had inaccuracy problems like 3 pennies over, etc.
Can it help count and Sort Mexican Coins or only American? I need one that can do Mexican Coins. Are much bigger that american, Please advise
will this run ACbateries or AC current
Is this like a weekly planner or just a calendar?
Does this have a magnet to use on the fridge?
Is there a different Pug photo each month?
size?
Is it unlimited
Does it last a month or do you pay per minute?
whats the difference between the 50 dollar refill and the 60?
can you rollover the plan
i dont know much about at&amp;t's GoPhone plans. What's the difference between the $50 unlimited and the $100 unlimited card?
Can you email me the refill card pin
is this the price for everthing in the picture: 3 binders, sharpies, and 2 small notebooks/planners
Is this price for 1 binder or for all items in the picture? (3 binders, sharpies, and 2 small notebooks/planners)
What size is the binder and does it have a soft cover?
How easy is it to adjust the height up for when you want to work standing and down when you want to work sitting?
is this a free standing unit or do I have to screw it to the desk top
Can the two monitors be mounted at two different heights?
What is the depth and width of the base? Thank you.
my monitor isn't holding in place, and tilts forward; how do I tighten it?
Can I mount 21.5 inch and a 24 inch two different sizes?
Once mounted, are you able to rotate the display from Landscape to Portrait?
How far down can the monitors go? I need them to be sitting as close to the top of the desk as possible.
I have dell P190S monitors. Will this stand work for me?
How do you adjust the width? (distance between monitor centers) From the pictures, it looks like just rotating the arms forward is the only way.
what is the nib that comes with it?
Is there a certain type of ink that you recommend?
I gather that you can cap this pen to the top? It appears that it screws in.
Is the nib removable? If i wanted in the future to remove the EF nib and replace it with the italic nib, is that possible?
Does the ink burp out occasionally when the ink level gets low?
how fast does the ink run out if you have just filled the pen?
what is the nib that comes with it?
Is the inside blank? Do they come with envelopes?
Can anyone tell me the size of these cards? I can't find it in the description. Are they standard size?
how many cards are there? I see the images for only 8 but the heading says 24
Do they come with envelopes?
does this set includes envelops?
What's the size of the pendant itself? It looks rather large.
will this unit work while on the charger
Would you know the caller ahead of time when you answer the pendant or answer without knowing who is calling. Thanks in advance
Our pendant says good morning in morning but no longer says good night at night. Is there a setting to fix this?
My Mom says when her pendant is on the charger, it make some beeping tones every so often. Is there a way to turn that off?
Will a second pendant call the same two numbers as the first or could we program the second with a different two numbers?
can you use 2 pendants with the phone system
The ad's "two programmable call buttons" imply that two outgoing #s r callable. But one answer below says you can't dial reg numbers. Truth?
Are you really sure only two pendants can be used with one phone?
Can you dial out regular calls from the pendant or just the emergency numbers? Can you answer incoming calls from the pendant?
does it have a jack to connect a headset/microphone?
My land phone is mounted on the kitchen wall . Does this base phone/a.m. have to be there or can it be used anywhere there is a phone outlet?
The voice announce caller ID is hard to understand. Can it be turned off or changed to a human voice?
Do this handset have a speed dial if so how many,Thanks
How far is the range distance between base unit and handset for good connection and call quality?
Can it be mounted on the wall?
How do you make a space in names for the phonebook ?
Will this handset work with the vetch cs6429?
Are the keys backlit on this phone?
does it have programmable speed dial ?
does toner include?
Can I print from my iPhone or I pad?
does it do two sided printing ?
does it have a glass bed for scanning or is it ADF only?
Does the scanner function allow you to save in PDF?
Can the printer still print black and white only if the color cartridges run out?
Can you select to only use black toner when printing in black and white?
Colors and text appear faded right out of box. Did anyone else have this problem? Any fixes?
How do you turn off or ignore the "toner low" message and keep printing until toner is actually out?
How long do the cartridges typically last before having to be replaced?
How do you reset the toner cartridges ?
I see most posts say this is a quiet printer, but one post states very noisy? Opinion again?
How well does this printer print photos?
How many copies per toner cartridge ?
Can you choose to print in B&amp;W and then switch when you want to print color or does it ALWAYS chose to print in color if the document has color?
Will the printer operate with just black toner??
Will it print from an iPad and iPhone? Does it scan double-sided? Thanks very much.
Does this print label sheets, glossy thick papers etc? and also auto-duplex with the thick paper
Does this printer support NFC communications? I didn't see anything in the literature but just curious.
Hi, can you setup and use wireless in conjunction with the USB connection? I prefer the speed of USB, but still use the wireless occasionally.
Does this printer come with ink as is? And what kind of ink dose it take?
Does it also scan 11 x 17
Will it run with only a Black Cartridge... no Color in place?
May sound silly, but does the scanner stop working when the ink runs out? (The scanner in Canon Pixma's all-in-ones don't function if ink runs out)
Does this printer/scanner work with Windows XP?
Does a USB cable come with this?
Does a USB cable come with this?
Does this printer have a document feeder?
Brother MFCJ4310DW....I plan to have a local company refill original LC103 &amp; LC105 Brother cartridges with brand X ink. Any experience with this?
Can you load from the back, for cardstock/thick 11x17 paper?
Are there replacement erasers?
They say firm but what does that really mean? I write pretty hard and my pencils take a beating will these pencils?
How many pencils do you get for that price?
I love this pencil, though I'd like it all white, do you have them in white??
How high does this bring the monitors? I have neck strain from looking down at my monitors.
The included "hardware kit" that comes with this mount....that means the "mounting screws" to attach the monitors?
Need a copy of the setup instructions. Anyone have a link
Can this mount stand on its own without using screw through the counter top to secure the mount? I'm planning to use 23" and 19" montiors
I need to know how to mount this monitor stand on your desk surface? nuts and bolts? do I have to use screwdrivers?
Has anyone used it to make one monitor portrait and one landscape?
I have 24inch wide screens, but if I take a tape measure from diagonal corners the full diagonal length 25.2 inches. Will this stand work for that?
How tall is the center post including the freestanding base?
Do you have to screw anything into the desk? I just want to leave it on top of mine as it's not real wood.
What is the dimension of the base?
Are these pencils able to be refilled? Can one buy the refills?
Is $14.89 price for 1 pencil or 12 pencils? Are the pencils refillable?
How many come in this order, 12?
Is the clip on the pencil metal or plastic?
it this planner have like a small number on each line on the writing section?
What are the labels in the tabs? What does the inside look like. Thank you very much?
Are Saturday&amp;Sunday Smaller than the other days?
what are the dimensions of this planner?
Could you please tell me what color this Medium planner is? I would like blue/red/gray
What is Size
what are the dimensions?
What is the actual size of the planner? Everyone says small, but how many inches actually.
what is the size 0f each one?
are these really for 2013 and 2014 - seems like most of the time is past
Hi I just purchased this item, can you make sure and send me the blue planner? Thank you!
Does it have weekly and monthly pages?
Can I buy replacement colors? For example, I'm running out of the black but don't want to have to buy the entire pack again.
Want to know the point size of these pens?
Lets try this again, do you run into the problem of the colors repeating?
Would these be visible on black card stock?
Cant seem to get half of these "primed" any tips..
Are these any good to use for coloring in pictures, or just for writing and sketching outlines? Thanks!
how to open the 35 gel pens pack container?
Does this set come with a stand or storage case?
Will they write on a black background?
Does anyone know (for sure) the point size of these pens?
how tall is the cabinet
How high are just the feet?
Still not clear. What is the exact height in inces
What are the exact demensions of this cabinet?
what is it made of?
Can the feet be removed?
How can you put shelves on the web without dimensions? What are the dimensions?
depth of cabinet
what is the width?
Is this product 16" deep or 12" deep as stated on another site for same cabinet
what are the dimensions?
What is the depth of the drawer?
Is it a pure white?
what is the total height
can you reverse the door to have it open on left?
How tall is the bottom compartment?
What are the inside measurements of the drawer?
Where are the mirrors? The description says "Wall Cabinet with Mirrors". Are they inside the doors?
the size of both the cabinet and shelf?
Is the cabinet pure white? Want to make sure it's not off white at all. Also some said hinges do not adjust and another said they did? Do they adjust?
Are the handles at the top or the bottom of the doors? Pictures show both ways. Can they be mounted either way?
How easy was this to put together? did the holes line up? All the parts there?
Will the shelves hold toilet paper?
Need to mount this over an existing access mount for cable / phone / internet. Can the back be removed and mounted on the wall without it?
What is the size?
I'm confused. Are there mirrors or not?
overall dimensions? are you saying the cabinets 21 1/2 inches tall by 17 1/2 wide and 7 inches deep?
Could you please tell me what the height is from the bottom of the shelf to the ground? And, the internal width from leg to leg? Thank you.
Can you fit bath towels in it with squishing them?
What Materials are used?
How high Off the floor is the support bar that goes behind the toilet?
Will it fit over the taller toilets?
What is the width at the bottom from left legs to right legs including leg widths? I only have 27.5 inches width at the bottom between basin and tubs.
Could this unit be used only as as wall cabinet by not attaching the legs? The one that actually comes as a "wall cabinet" is smaller than I want.
Will this cause any alarms to go off when scanned by airport security?
Has anybody actually tested these cards to see if they work or not?
Once my credit card is in the sleeve will it still fit in the credit card slot in my wallet.
What is the NSN for this product?
How do I know if my credit card is contactless and will work with this?
Will you ship to Australia have had problems in the past
What are actual dimensions of the black plastic liner container =and= Does the liner container have a bucket-type handle you can use to lift it and carry it, if needed?
DOES THIS UNIT HAVE A LINER?
I need to know the dimensions....Height / Width/ Depth
What does the Freshener System mean?
Does the lid close automatically after opening?
Wondering where the lid hinge is. Is inside so the can sits flush with the wall or does it come out on the back leaving a space behind?
Does this trash can have a liner ring??
Can anyone tell me the height of this trash can with the lid OPEN? I have a very small space constraint. Thanks.
Did anyone receive air fresheners with their initial purchase or did you have to purchase them separate to even try them out?????
Is it a soft close lid?
How many clear coats of lacquer do you spray on the decal before cutting out?
How thick are the decals when applied? I want to use it on a guitar headstock and bought another brand that to me is a little too thick.
Is this the right paper for putting a clear decal over natural wood with a polyurethane sealer? And is it removable?
Will this film work with an activator, to do water transfer applications?
can I use on inkjet printer?
What size is each sheet?
Could you ship the power requirements also?
This doesn't come with a power supply???
Will this work with MagicJack?
is this a full duplex speakerphone?
can this phone be wall mounted?
How is the speaker on this phone? I spend most of my day on WebEx and conference calls.
Are these new or reconditioned? How many do you have for sale?
Will this phone work with externally hosted systems like 8x8.com? I have a phone that is out of warranty and needs replaced.
Is this a VVX 400 or a VVX 410 model?
Logging in with just the POE isn't working -- what's the appropriate cable to get to connect to my computer via USB? I don't recognize the connection.
Will I be able to register this printer for warranty purposes? I don't want to find that I can't do a warranty claim if needed.
Can I use it to print pictures from my IPAd?
can the printer also make copies
Has anyone printed black &amp; white photo and how were the results
Can this print out on a 110 lb cover stock?
can do 11/17
What is the thickest paper weight can handle? I do certificates and scrolls therefore need a printer that can use 809# to 90#.
So will these lower priced combinations come with their UPC codes still intact on the box? (I think not.)
Can you print 4x6 and 5x7's too?
it the printer come with some ink?
Does this come with UPC code?
upc is removed is the warrenty still valid
can it scan my original piece
borderless printing?
would I be able to claim the large rebate currently available on this printer? I know there is a large rebate for printer plus pack of paper
Does this printer come with a complete set of inks?
Why is the Wireless less expensive the the regular?
What is the exact packaging dimensions of this item? I need it for my courier purposes?
Does the keyboard slide around on it? I am looking for a nonskid surface to keep my keyboard put, as I type for a living. Thanks.
What is the thickness? Can I cut it to resize?
is it s soft to write on like a blotter?
Can I use this on top of carpeting or wooden floors as a cat feeding station?
does it move
Can this desk pad be used on a high sheen, lacquered surface?
Can this mat be easily cut or trimmed to a smaller size?
Will this pad damage the finish on my new cherry wood desk?
can you use a mouse on it?
Will this work for 7500 E90?
How do I change the head? is there a simple instruction with diagram?
DOES THIS ITEM HAVE A WARRANTY?
Question for those currently using genuine Epson inks: I am currently using this InkOwl product in an xp-400 printer and am noticing that if I don't use the printer for 3-to-4 days there can be significant nozzel clogging that requires head-cleaning to...
Hi!, salutes from Venezuela!, we want to know if this sistem replace totaly to normal cartriges?.
I have been on your site and I wanted to know if this buy is premium pigmented ink or regular pigment ink for Epson?
I have an Epson expression XP-310, will this kit be compatible with this printer ?
Hello! These cartridges work for the Epson Expression Home XP-410? Thanks.
Good morning, serves these cartridges for the Epson Expression Home XP-410?
Do you have this set up with non pigmented ink also?
Will it work with the Epson WorkForce WF-2540?
Hi, having troubles of having it ignored by my bnew WF2530, cleaned it with q tips still it still shows it does not recognize. need help
Is this pigment based ink, like Epson's Durabrite ink? or is it dye based ink?
hello continuous ink system brings including ??? how to cc?
Can it be used in XP 310?
It can be used in a wf -2630?
is ok to WF2650?
It is compatible with the model epson workforce wf -2630
Good evening, friends, the system includes manual isntalaci&Atilde;&sup3;n? some guidance?
Will it work with the Epson XP310?
Does this pen use plain ink or ink cartridge?
how do you fill or refill this pen?
It appears that this pen might use regular plastic disposable cartridges. If so, how do you remove the converter that comes with the pen?
does this pen have ink in it or do i have to buy ink?
How do I remove the converter and put the cartridge in?
what are the cartridges called?
How do I get my pen to write? It's brand new.
can i use cartridges ? converter seens to be very tihgt and imposible to take out.
Packed with box or bulk when delivered? how much does this weigh?
how long did it take to get it after ordering it ?
What kind of ink do you use for this pen?
DOES THIS PEN ACCEPT CARTRIDGES
I just wanted to be sure tat this pen comes with the fillable/refillable converter. Thanks.
Does this come with ink?
Why does it take over a month to ship?
What model and item # are the cartriges?
Packed with box or bulk when delivered? how much does this weigh?
What ink may I use for it? Thx.
how do I put ink in it?
Will this work on an Underwood Model 12?
Will this work for Underwood Model 18
I waII want to get this for an old Remington Standard typewriter but when I measured the reels are 3x3.Would these work?
would this fit my royal quit de luxe
Would this fit a Underwood 310 Manual typewriter
Would this fit a 1941 Remington Envoy?
How many pages are these ribbons capable of? I am not getting very much out of a ribbon
Does this come with all the charms as shown in the pictures ?
What is the quote on the cover?
does it have a lock and a key?
What are the splints in the back for
What are the splints in the back for
Does the paper have lines?
I want to buy for a gift what is the wording on the current covers ? Also, many comments say there are misspellings, has this been corrected?
What is the color of the page itself? Cream? White? What?
Are there lines on the paper the write on?
Why is it advertised at set, but only get one?
Does this Dayminder supplied by Amazon have English &amp; French for the days? I do not want French.
We would like a DayMinder in English only, no French. I read below that this is in English only, I just want to confirm before ordering.
Is the day and date displayed for the yeaR 2014
Just wondering...the dayminder only costs $10...but they were asking $50 for shipping on my order...did anyone else experience this? For 1 book!
This is for 2014 Jan-Dec? Nowhere is the year shown.
Does this Day-minder have an address book in the back?
Can it be used outside of the US?
Is this land line only?
can my mother use this as a regular phone
does this system detect if the person has fallen and is unconciuos
Does the autodialer recognize that the pickup was from an answering machine, and move on to the next emergency number?
Would you be able to use this on a foreign phone system - namely Rep. of Ireland? Thanks in advance!
I sent this to my mom and she says that there's a sticker saying something like: "This device cannot be used until it is registered..." What is that?
Can Mom and Dad communicate with each other, if he/she is upstairs and the other downstairs?
When you program a responder phone number is it just the 3 digit area code plus the number, or a 1 prior to area code if required your area?
Willl this product work with cell phone through blue tooth?
What nib size is this fountain pen?
i have been admiring quite a few of your fountain pens, im just not sure how to go about loading thismone and other Jinhao pens you have
is this a screw off cap?
One of the crystals is missing from the eyes. Can you suggest where replacements can be located? Having a hard time finding them.
It says "random pattern" ...is there any way I can request a certain pattern?
When I order, do I get all four books? If I only get one, can I select which one??
interested in ordoring 8 of these. what is the current inventory as far as different ones?
how long does it take for this to get here?
Does this cutter works with Corel Draw?
Can this cut letters that are 0.5"H?
how long can you cut a vinyl ?
Does it come with everything to get started? Someone said it did not come with the blades or vinyl banners..
Can i buy a program for this cutter that will work on Mac?
Does it work with MAC? If so, what software is needed or not?
Can the vinyl that comes with this cutter be used for truck lettering and if so, how long does it withstand the weather?
can i print out photos on vinyl
Can I use this to cut vinyl decals for autos? Say a flame decal 8" high x 30" long?
my machine is cutting through the letters. I updated the software. Any help?
Sorry if my last question was confusing. I meant, will the calendar lie flat when left open? Thank you.
does it have a pad in back
What are the dimensions of the planner?
is this 24 month calendar for 2015-2016? if not, when will it be available?
what is the size? Looking for 3.5x5.5
what size is it?
What are the dimensions of each day block? 1 inch by 1 inch?
is it refillable?
Can the cover of this Planner be Personalized?
Will this planner stay open to a month if left so on a flat surface?
what comes in the box? bag?
Why is the black Pro Stand more money then the white plus?
is it's color white?
Hello! How is this different from the Pro Stand version?
What is the actual height from table to hinge of laptop with this stand?
The photo shows a yellow stand. Which color model are you selling?
Description says it fits the original ipad mini, does it fit the second generation retina mini as well?
can it ship to indonesia?
Does it have a cut-out on the back for the rear camera?
Do all the iPad features work if you reverse it for left-handed use (paper on left and iPad on right?
Camera hole?
Does it scan double sided pages?
Does it work well with Windows XP?
As anyone used this to scan in a large number of photos, trying to get rid of photos.
Is this multytiff?, I dont know what that is, my father told me to ask this
is it wireless?
What are the Height, depth, width of scanner
how many pages does it take at a time
Does this scanner convert documents to editable text?
Do you have to scan each page separately, saving each document? I want to use this at home for bills, receipts, school papers, etc. Will this work?
Does this come with a document filing system software? How do you organize the documents you scan so that you can find them later?
Would this chair be comfortable for 8-10 hours of daily sitting in front of the computer?
What is the weight limit on this chair? Seat width? It looks a lot more sturdy than its "oversized" cousins that are a waste of money.
Is the pad on the chair black or hunter green? In the photos it looks green.
is there anywhere i can replace one of my chair casters it broke. Thanks!
What are the seat dimensions?
Is the pad on top of a solid seat or is there a hole that the padded seat suspends over?
Can this chair be put together without the arms?
I have casters for wood floors, what is the radius of the casters?
Can the seat hight be lowered? If yes, how low? I need the arms of the cair to be no more than 25 inches high, so it will scoot under my desk.
I've got a broken wheel but have lost my paperwork. Is there a website or telephone number to get replacement parts?
what calibration weight is needed? reviews say 200g and 500g and q&amp;a's say no weight??
Will this scale weigh gemstones that are under 1 carat?
what dose the psc button do?
does it come with a POWER CABLE?, or is it ONLY BATTERY OPERATED?
Can this scale be considered portable?
What calibration weight is needed with this scale?
How do I know if This is drawer is compatible with my POS system?
Can this drawer come with anchors or brackets. Is so, could you please provide description and location of brackets.
Is the tray Removable/Replaceable ? (for E.x. when changing shifts etc..)
I ordered this, it arrived with nothing but keys and a cord attached. My pos system does not regconize it. Please help.
does this cash drawer mount under the counter?
i been trying to get the drawer to pop open connected to the printer and it wont work can you help please before i return it
What are the dimensions of the tray?
Can it mounted to the underside of the counter?
Does this come with 2 keys?
Is the drawer removable to come out of the case?
Does this come with under counter brackets and if not where do we order these?
How do you open the cash drawer?
Have they been tested by a customer?
Is this item made in China ?
Do these fit on a 52 page passport?
Do these fit in the slots of my wallet?
Will these set off metal detectors at airports
Does the $25+ cost include protectors for passport, credit cards, etc? How many protectors?
Can I order just the credit card holders or do I have to order the combo pack?
Hi! Thanks for the speedy delivery! How durable is the sleeve? Thx.
Can the ringer be silenced on an incoming call?
can i buy an addicinal handset for this phone??
I want to know something base continues to function even without electricity or you must have energy to use it?
Can you store phone numbers?
can the volume be adjusted (so you can better hear the person you're talking to)?
where can I get a adapter/charger for the main phone, the seller's not sure I cant seem to find it?
Is there speaker phone?
Does this "announce" the caller ID, or does it only display it on the screen
Does just the main phone with answer machine need a phone jack and the other one just an electrical outlet?
does the base have a speaker? i'd rather use the base as a speakerphone; not the handset
Does anyone know if you can find out the phone number if someone has called, but didn't leave a message ?
Can the caller id announce feature be turned off?
does the wall mounting come with the unit
can you hear message being left, in real time, from base?
Do you have to have AT&amp;T service to use this phone?
Can you hear ringtone from base, not only handsets?
can this phone do conference and 3 way calling?
How is the quality: Intercom between handsets?
does it have eco power-conserving technology?
can both handset talk with an outside phone call?
does it have headset jack
If you're on the phone and another call comes in does the caller ID show the new caller's ID?
I am unable to snap the wall mounting bracket and the base unit together for wall mounting. I line up the tabs but it won't go. go together.
Can you turn the ringers off from the base of the phone?
How do you accomplish three way calling? For instance, if you're on a call and want to add someone else to that call.
can i keep my same phone number?
Can the ringers be set to be very loud?
can i use as a walkie talkie only
does it annouce the caller?
Does the base unit beep when there is an unread message?
could this handset replace a model e5908 handset
Is this handset compatible with the CL8303 cordless system? I noticed this model number is different.
Is phone a wireless phone?
Can this be used with the AT&amp;T CL82353 cordless system?
We do not have a landline, Can this be used for cell phones without a landline?
Is there a headphone jack?
What type and model of batteries do the handsets contain?
Does the handset have the date and time stamped on each handest? And also does it say on the handset screen that i have a missed call
Will this set work with the ComPilot Blue Tooth devise that works with Phonak hearing aids??
can this be used as a normal landline phone ?
The message playback gives the wrong date. It's a day off. So a message left on Sunday at 4:45 is announced "Saturday, 5:45". Any suggestions?
Is there a way to merge your cell directory to this phone's home directory instead of keeping them separate?
Will these work with VOIP (Xfinity Triple Play)
Does the main base have the capability to hang on the wall?
Would I be able to do smaller books-----say a 3 x 5 book or maybe even a 2 x 4 book?
what is the maximum mm coil you can use?
What materials do I need to get to actually bind something using this machine? coil? Can I find that on here too?
Will the bind legal size and 11x17 size?
Would you recommend this product for punching and binding about 170 20-page booklets?
Is it work for spiral?
Can you easily remove the binding if you need to add a sheet or change soemthing
Does this machine come with crimping pliers?
Will it punch through medium weight chipboard and if not what would you recommend?
Does the machine gives you the option to punch the holes close to the edge of the paper and deeper into it?. Thanks.
How about the refills kit for this CISS? I can't find it in Amazon? How many copies of A4 it can print with 100cc?
can its run on my epson r2000 pigment ink printer
I keep getting black printed as bluish color. other colors seems fine but in grayscale mode, it comes out as black why is this happening?
i print with this inks then pas tre wek the color of this photos torn to yellow away happen this
do you have any with pigment inks instead of dye inks?
Is this Epson ink? Or is it different brand of ink? I want to make sure if it's Epson ink so it's doesn't clogged my Epson R2000 printer.
all additional handset use the same sip account or its posible to configure one sip account to each headset
can this be used as SIP-T20 extension?
Can this handset be used with the Yealink W52P base?
Does this come with the charging station?
Can this be used with the Yealink T48G as an extra handset?
can this be used with the Yealink T38G as an extra handset?
Could this product be set up as an aditional headset to an existing base? And that both headsets ring simultaniously when the number is dialed?
how thick is this item?
My husband is looking for poster board to glue/mount a completed puzzle that is 60 X 40 inches. Is this poster board big enough and strong enough?
Can I use this to create a floor backdrop? I am thinking of gluing wood paper and using it as a floor prop for kids 0-2 to sit on..
is this 1/2 inch thick or 3/16?
I'm looking for a foam mounting board to mount a poster which will then be framed - is this appropriate for that?
Is this folded or is it a full sheet of foam?
do push pins work with it?
How thick is it?
Aside from the Baffle Wheel and Floating Gauge, are there any other plastic parts on this cutter?
Where can I get replacement blades for this cutter?
How long of a sheet of paper will it cut? I am trying to cut a 17" length.
How many sheet can we cut at a time? I usually make booklets for my church...
Will this cut foam core?
we are having difficulty using this cutter. Is there a owner's manual available? Can download manual is needed. Thank you, Ann Morey
Hi there. I live in South Africa and have added it to my Cart to estimate shipping costs. Do you not ship to South Africa?Please get back to me.Thanks
The name of the product says 17" but the specification say 12"?
how many pages does itcut at one time?
Does it have driver for Windows 8.1?
Does it work with iMac?
What's the difference between the 7610 and new 7612 model? All I see is the duplex module comes standard.
does it have a card reader
Does this have a photo tray?
Is the ink a good value for the amount it costs and how much it prints?
How does the printer take 11x17 size paper? Will the tray hold that size or do you have to feed one sheet at a time?
Can it be set up to print from a PC and also from an iMac?
picture quality?
What's the footprint of the printer?
is this an original h2o bolt spider or is it a copy
Has anyone tried using this in an area that supposedly doesn't have coverage? I live in 74010, and my AT&amp;T phone has full 4G service.
I thought the devise uses At&amp;t towers? Their coverage map 2012 shows coverage is limited to cities. Since At&amp;t has acquired them has this changed?
is it lte or wimax as for the 4g
Can you use an ipad with bolt
I'm trying to activate my device don't know how to get my pin
coverage in my area
Will the H20 Bolt Spider come with directions on how to get a pin to enable it to work?
what are all the dimensions of this cabinet?
Are the Shelves Big Enough To Store Board Games With The Doors Still Be Able To Close?
What is the measurement from front to back with the door open?
Hello. Can the doors on this cabinet can be reversed so they open the opposite way that is shown in the item picture? thanks.
Can you confirm height inside the bottom portion (assuming use of no adjustable shelves) is 30.75"? Attempting to use for vacuum cleaner.
I love this guest book! I have one question before I consider purchasing, however. Are the pages inside lined or blank?
Is there anyway t get the garter and guest book with white lace instead of cream to match the pen?
is the 60 pages which will be 120 back and front. Or are there 30 pages that make 60 back and front?
Is their spaces for guest comments?
what is the difference between this one and the 12.99 one? same descript and same quantity??
How do I know if they are really blocking my credit cards information?
I have a large wallet my cards are spread out (its almost the distance of an entire card) will this still block my cards?
What material are these made out of?
Will this also work for passports?
How many cards can be sandwich between the Blocking cards? Also, in my wallet, the credit cards are at a slant, so will the blocking cards protect
how can i insure i get a good quality set of cards? i'm concerned about recent reviewers claiming they soon fall apart into layers.
does a single block card help? if you hold up an rfid card to a reader with this block card behind it (not between it).
I ordered a set of these on June 2 for $14.99. Why the sudden increase in price to $19.99??????
I'd also like to know what the weight limit is...could you please tell us?
Does this Heavy Duty cylinder only fit into other "Heavy Duty Big &amp; Tall" chairs, or is this made to replace the standard (up to 250 lb) cylinders?
Looking for something with at least a 200 lb weight limit.
Will this fit a Staples Bosworth Big &amp; Tall Managers Chair?
Will this fit a Comfort Products 60-5800T Commodore II chair? Amazon link http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003...
need a gas cylinder that fits a tilt control mechanism #s2979
Will this fit an aeron chair?
Will this cylinder fit a Herman Miller Aeron chair?
what is weight limit?
Will this fit a Herman Miller Aeron?
What is the height the cylinder will lift the chair? I need one that will lift the seat of the chair from the the base about 23 inches. Help
Would this work with a (copy pasting) High Back Executive PU Leather Ergonomic Office Desk Computer Chair O10? :never really looked into replacing one
Will this piston work on VIVA OFFICE High Back Office Chair?
Does this come with a bearing kit?
Does this mount to the chair base with a clip or taper fit? I need one that has the clip.
model 41730 cylinder replacement
what is the diameter of the top piston? 1" or 1.1" ?
will this work with an office star 5500 space air grid mid back swivel chair
will this work with an office star 5500 space air grid mid back swivel chair
Can you post a link to the instruction manual?
Is this barcode scanner MFI (Made of IPod/Apple certified) - so that it can be used as an input device for a custom app?
Do you guys know if I can connect to this bluetooth scanner from a custom iOS app? Is this MFI certified? I can't seem to find that information.
Is there a CD to help with installation? Windows7 PC recognizes scanner and bluetooth dongle but will not connect the 2 with pairing code.
is this scanner compatable with square app and ipad??
what apple product do you use with this product?
Will this work with an andoid cell phone to access book data over the net from amazon and other sources?
Does your iPad have to wifi to add the code down
Will this with my android tablet? Also can it scan a barcode and insert it on a website such as Amazon so it will be easy to look up.
Is this scanner trigger only?
Are there conversion tables and a periodic table in it?
Are the months tabbed?
Is this a hard cover planner? If not, do you have any hard cover planners available?
Dose this automatically stop when the wrappers get full of coins?
Does this coin counter count exactly the right amount of coins in the wrappers? For instance, 50 pennies, in the penny rollers, 10.00 in the quarter
Will the Money Miser sort Canadian Coins?
Where is it made?
Can coin tubes fit in this and be used in place of the coin wrappers?
Does it come with money rolls
Dose this count the money also?
What business card size can fit inside?
Can you arrange to get a company name engraved or logo-ed on the product? If so, how much extra would it cost?
How many credit cards can this case hold?
Can you put a logo on the wallets?
Can you put a logo on the wallets?
How many Business Card can this accommodate exactly?
could i get this emgraved?
How many business cards does this case hold?
i hope it's not printing that company's logo that is showing in the picture?
Do you engraved?
Will a credit card fit.
How subtle is the company logo? I don't want it to distract from the engraving I would have done
Will a medicare card fit inside?
Does this actually have a logo already engraved onto the metal plate? I'm seeing mixed reviews on that right now.
Black vs red seem to have different sizes: 3.9 x 2.5 x 0.5 inches 4.8 x 3.6 x 0.9 inches, is that correct?
Got calipers? Please measure thickness of maximum count of business cards. Would this hold cigarillos that are at least 9mm thick without crushing them?
how many cards does it hold?
Does the holder have the "NiftyThingz" logo right on the front like the pictures show? That looks incredibly unprofessional.
do the strings come already attached?
could you tell me the size please?
Do they come individually or as a sheet so I can feed them through the printer?
Are these printable?
Does it work with Windows 7/8?
How defferent to L455? Just LCD and SD memory slot? Nothing else?
This printer will only be used for six months a year in our winter home and stored for 6 months. Will the ink dry out during that storage period?
Hi, just bought this printer and printed some 350-400 pages!!! Is it normal to run maintenance (clean print heads) every 30-40 pages???
How does the quality compare with HP photo printing
Good evening I wonder if the printer and ink brings. Thank you very much!!!
Does this printer print two-sided
Does it have automatic two-sided printing or duplex printing and is it fast when printing?
THIS KIT INCLUDES INK BOTTLES?
Hi, could you please tell me if the L355 prints directly from IOS devices , such Iphone and Ipad ?
Is this replacement toner cartridge built to ISO9001 and ISO14001 Factory Standards? Also, how "limited " is the lifetime warranty on this product?
Are these STARTER capacity or FULL capacity?
Will this work in my MF 4800 laser printer?
TonerPlusUSA had the error light and message, will return. Any error light or error message on the MF4890dw from EPS?
Does this contain the toner, drum, and development all in one piece (like the OEM Canon 128)?
how long of a shelf life does it have?
Will this cartridge work well in a Canon Image Class D530
I have MF4770n laser printer. Is this (EPS Replacement Canon 128 (3500B001) Black Toner Cartridges) would fit my printer? Is this right kind ?
Where are EPS cartridges manufactured?
Is there a way to recycle the empty cartridge?
Will a 15" MacBook Pro fit securely and will its weight be supported?
Can this be mounted on the wall?
Could you type on the keyboard of a laptop placed on this stand and use it at standing height? Is it stable enough for typing?
How much space is required on the desk to fit the C clamp? or How many inches into the desk does the clamp sit?
Can the laptop shelf be completely horizontal (i.e. not tilt at all)? I am asking, because I would like to use it to hold a small PC (not a laptop).
what material is this made of? metal?
What is the length of the arm when it is fully extended?
Anyone using it as stand up setup on table? I need something to attach so that I can stand and work as needed... Thanks
Would this clear one mattress in a bunkbed? Can the main verticle bar be inverted for support from the upper bunk?
I have monitor stand VIVO (STAND-V001F) and was wondering if this clamp VIVO (STAND-V001L) will mount on VIVO (STAND-V001F)?
What about passport books? (only passport cards are mentioned; I have a book)
Do these sleeves hold up to being used? (removing cards, passport and putting them back into the sleeve)
Has anyone else tested these? My employer badge is RFID. I slid my badge in one of these and ALL the time clocks and door sensors still worked!
Ok guys, low tech girl here. Description for 5pk vs 10pk diff. Do they offer same or diff protection? Thank you!!
Has anyone officially tested these?
Is .3 oz the weight of one or of the set?
Does this protect from moisture? Some of my credit card gets damaged every 1-2 years of use due to too much of moisture/sweat.
Would using a household heavy duty foil work as well?
Will these fit inside of a standard hip wallet?
Will these protect my debit card and my credit card
what are the diminsions of this file cabinet?
does it work for standard files or only legal size files?
Do the drawers roll smoothly?
I assume it has a lock.
Are there bottoms to the drawers or only the hanging file rails with an open bottom?
how deep is the total cabinet? how tall and how wide? they don't have that listed anywhere!
Do the drawers have hang rails? Thanks!
Do the letter files go side to side, or only front to back?
can you file two row of letter files side by side
letter file folders or legal size
Is the Prime able to import or convert HP50g RPL?
Why cant you graph limits?
Does it have the choice of RPN, Textbook or Algebraic data entry like the hp50?
Are the keys hard (like 48g) or soft like 49g?
Hello, I just purchased this great calculator. Is there a setting to make the screen timeout longer. Please let me know if you have found it. Ron
I am assuming the HP Prime Graphing Calculator is programable. Is it? If it is, how much memory does it have available for users programs?
Hello, which difference between prime and 50g? which them is better for civil engineer? I am a professor. Thanks.
Is this calculator able to differentiate implicitly?
can this do all what HP16c used to do? Hex,Octa, Binary - shift left/right, bitwise logical operators etc? - or must all that be programmed manually?
This product comes with it included?
Does it have Ac/dc adaptor?
When you state a standard cassette are they to he older 4 in x 2 1/2 in size?
Does it come with batteries?
I am purchasing this for a blind friend. Could you please describe the positions of the jacks so I can tell him? (i.e. "while holding the recorder...)
Does the recording feature have a plug for direct recording, so that there isn't background noise?
Does it have a built in speaker or does it only work with headphones?
Can recorder music on it
Does this have a line in jack? Or, is it just for voice..
how many and what size batteries are required for this device?
Does it come with an A/C adaptor? Thank you.
Samsung toner is $115!!! is the toner refillable by tone refill kit?
comes with full set of standard toner what does that mean?
This does have wifi from a normal desktop computer??
Does this printer scan and fax??
Does this printer have scan and fax?? Which ones do??
does this printer do duplex?
can't get this printer to print envelopes. when I open the multi-purpose tray to insert an envelope, I get a red fault light.
Can you copy paper with this printer
What toner does it use?
will it work with windows XP?????
what is the maximum seat hight
One of my wheels has broken. Can I purchase replacement parts
what is weight capacity for this chair?
Is the bottom padded, or similar to the back rest, stretched mesh?
What is the font size? Amazon requires up to 24 point size on larger bags.
I need these for poly bags. Do they stick well without peeling? The ones I use now peel easily, so I have to add extra tape to them. Thanks!
Are these the round clear stickers?
What's the trick to keeping the arms tight? I've tightened them until they're nearly stripped, and within a day or two they're loose again.
what is the shipping carton size? I want to buy this as a present and want to transport in a sedan such as a toyota camry or (older) nissan maxima
is the chair hard to put together?
Are the arms able to be widened - pushed out?
Does this chair have a tilt feature? I read a review that it doesn't but the product specs says it does.
Does the seat actually tilt or does just the backrest lean back while the seat stays flat? Also if it does stay flat, is the seat angle adjustable?
How high is the back from the top of the seat?
I'm wondering if the folks who are criticizing the seat tilt forward aspect of this chair have not figured out how the tilt adjusts. Anyone?
I have short legs if I place the seat as low as it will go how far is it from the top of the seat to the floor?
Does the chair breathe well? Will you be sweating after a long while in it?
Is this Mac compatible? And will it work with Keynote?
How recharge?
Does this works with Prezi?
Lost the usb transmitter. How to obtain replacement - not on GENIUS website.
I lost a cord, where can I buy one?
Anyone have trouble charging? Blue light blinks entire time, 4 hours plugged in, only works when plugged in-ideas?
Whenever I connect the usb cable to charge, it rapidly flashes blue. Anyone know what this means or has experience with this?
does it work with Android?
Is the laser red or green?
What does the rapid led flash mean?
What is the decibel level for the shredder?
what safety lock features are on the shredder..ie, will the shredder work if the basket is pulled out?
SIZE OF MOTOR &amp; CONTINUOUS RUN TIME?
How long will this shredder run before it starts overheating?
What are the dimensions?
Does it microshread CD's or just the paper ?
Does this shredder have metal gears?
Can you use a shredder bag inside the shredder?
Does it shred credit cards well? Approximately how many can you shred before it overheats?
can one shred those self stick address labels w/o clogging the blades -- got too much of them from advertisers.
does this fit JinHao 250 Stainless Steel Gold Trim Fountain Pen - Medium? thanks
how do you load it? Do you cut the end off or poke a hole?
Will these fit a Noble Jinhao 8802?
will this ink fit a jinhao x450
would it fit Jinhao Golden Dragon Red Crystal Eyes Fountain Pen with Push in Style Ink Converter 3041 ? jinhao 3041 for short.
Since it is mixed reviews on if they fit the pen, how do you install the cartriges?
Will this fit inside the Luxury Jinhao 250?
Do these cartridges basically fit most pens of larger circumference?
How do put these in a fountain pen? do you have to open the cartridge?
I have a Cartier fountain pen, do these fit that, or do you have them that work for them
What is the thickness of the pages together ? I need to know if it fits or not in my existing Agenda.... Also, it says the suze is 5.9 x 8.5 inches at technical details but it says 5.5 x 8.5 inches at advertisement...which one is right ? About the...
what year is this refill for? I don't see that information listed
Is this available in a 1-page per day format?
Will this work for "Day-Timer's" 5.5 x 8.5 Inches planners? It too is a 7 hole format. Thanks very much.
To be sure, according to the photo, this item contains refill pages for all 365 days in 2014 AND the monthly dividers?
Will these fit in an A5 Filofax binder?
I need a cover for Day Timer 5 1/2 x 8 1\2 . Is Day Timer and Day Runner the same? Where can I find just covers?
It says 2.3 pounds on the item weight, but 13 pound on the shipping weight, its there any mistake on the shipping weight? it seems a bit heavy...
I need a 3 hole format. Does a 7 hole format fit in a 3 ring binder?
Do the hole punches fit in Franklin Planner binders?
Is the OCR software sophisticated enough to translate business cards into a tabular format?
Does the software work with 64 bit systems and outlook 2010?
is it compatible with a mac book pro?
Will a standard cap eraser fit on this with or without the original eraser?
where to locate refills
Do these contain a specialized lead or will a standard 0.5 refill fit?
How many leads come in each barrel? I'm asking because the refills are costly.
Does anyone know where to get the eraser refills for this pencil? I have been to several office supply stores and looked on line to no avail.
Has anyone found eraser refills for this product? Which ones fit?!
Are eraser refills available for these pencils?
What is the overall length of these pencils?
Can not figure out how to refil!!! I put the lead through the top and when I push down it comes right out. If I put it through the bottom it does same
I'm a bit confused about this. I'm specifically looking for colored LEAD mechnical pencils. Is it jus tthe shaft of these pencils that is colored?
Is this good for gaming? I do lots of gaming like minecraft Thx if you reply :D
I asked an earlier question, but just realized that the G505s seems to lack Bluetooth capability. Is the absence of wireless connectivity that big of a deal?
How are the speakers on this?
Can anyone comment of the performance when connecting this laptop to a tv via hdmi for watching movies? Not concerned with gaming just movies...
Does it really has the Radeon 8650G graphic card? or 8570M like said on Lenovo website specs?
Does the chassis feel solid and high quality? I
Is the 6 GBsof ram expandable? If so, to 8, or can it go to 12?
Two questions begged by reviews here: is wi-Fi on the G505s unstable?; is Windows 8 unnavigable without a touchscreen?
What are the maximum graphics setting that this computer can handle for League of Legends? I'm very interested in AMD's APU technology
just purchased.... im hoping the ram can be upgraded? if so how much, 16gb?
How do I get my Epson XP610 to accept non Epson Cartridge?
How do I get my WF-2530 to accept this non Epson cartridge?
Do these remanufactured ink cartridges meet-or exceed-OEM standard?
Can it use with MG5520?
Hi Could you have it delivered by Friday or Saturday this week to El Paso Texas??? Zip 79912
is this ink compatible with Canon pixma mg5422?
when is the expiration date for it
How many pages of printing is each set of cartridges good for?
are these recognised by Pixma MX922 PRINTERS ??? thanks
Does this work with MX452?
what is the shelf life of these cartridges?
What should I do with empty cartridges? Toss them or send them to be filled again?
are these refillable?
My Canon Pixma MG5420 has 5 ink cartirdges. When I changed them all, only the small black cartidge was not recognized. What should I do?
will these work in the canon pixma pro 10 printer
I have a Canon Mx920, these cartridges, its chips are recognized and working good with MX920?
Wrk with mx720?
What are the five colors required by Canon Pixma MG 5420 and are they the same five included in this pack?
I have a Canon PIXMA IP7220. Do these work with that?
Is the cli251gy not included? My mg6320 uses 6 tanks.
i have an MX922 and I'm mostly concerned about photo quality. Is it the same as using Canon ink?
My Pixma MG5520 came with ink: 251M, Bk, Y, C and 250PGBk. Are the 250 and 251 ink the same or must I buy the same mix? Will the pictured ink4work 5 PACK work for my printer?
How about the Pixma 5520 please? Cartridges have same numbers, thank you.
are these cartridges refillable?
Do the cartridges reset the level itself? or will it still show that it needs to be refilled even after you've refilled it?
I have a PIXMA MG5320, does it work with that?
Will this ink work with a canon mg5400 series?
Do I need to purchase the "Toner Cartridge" separately or it includes with itself?
Number of pages held in output Tray? Is there an output tray or do pages just fall to desk top. Also number of pages the input (blank) tray hold?
Greetings To You. Is the printer comes with toner? or must be purchased separately.
How do you scan to a .pdf? It seems that I can only scan to a .jpg or .tiff, etc.
Does this have duplex scanning?
Tell me about the copying feature.
Do you need to change the drum on this model?
did it come with ink ?
iS it reliable?
is Samsung Multifunction ProXpress SL-M3870FW 100% compatible with windows 8.1RT, 8.2 RT, 7 AND 8
all the lights on the top blink on and off. prints fine and it doesn't seem to affect operation. why are they blinking on and off?
Can this printer print on three-hole punched paper? It does not list this in the specs as an acceptable paper type.
does this printer work with Mac Computers?
Can I print wirelessly from my Samsung Galaxy S4
What is the duty cycle?
can the m3820dw media tray be used to print on 65lb cardstock.
Will this phone work with NO AC power...the original Trimline phones did.
Can I plug a medical alert system into the phone?
What cords does it come with and how long are the cords ?
who is the manufacturer? Is it ATT?
I would like to know the dimensions of this cabinet and then how many soes does it hold? Also is it for men shoes? Thank you
would this fit a mens size 13 shoe?
How do you attach drawers to the unit? I would appreciate any assistance. Like where do the black dowels go and what are they for?
I am on the second to last step of attaching the drawers to the unit, but if I screw in the screw to the sides, I don't think the drawer will open?
Do these cartridges work for the MG-7120?
Do these cartridges clog up the printhead? Do they leak? What is the quality of these ink cartridges and how does it compare with OEM ink cartridges?
Is it true that you have to change out all your Canon cartridges and not mix some of them with some of these?
Would these work for the Cannon Pixma MG5522 ?
Will this work for mg pixma 7520?
does it work for canon mg7120
Does this work for canon printer MG7520?
do these expire or how long can you store them?
Not sure how specific some requirements are. Will using these in a Canon printer void the warranty for it? TIA!
Are these cartidges compatible for pixma mg2420 ?
Do these cartridges have the small lights that let you know they are installed properly like the OEM cartridges do?
Are these complete sets for Pixma MX 922? I noticed one of the reviews mentioned they are an incomplete set. Thanks
is there grey ink in this batch
Does anyone know what replacement nibs fit this pen? The nib that came with mine has quite a gap and won't write properly. Thanks
What cartridges would work for this pen?
it looks same with MontBlanc Starwalker. is that pen a fake version of MontBlanc Starwalker?
it looks same with MontBlanc Starwalker. is that pen a fake version of MontBlanc Starwalker?
how long does it take for this pen to arrive by mail ?
how would you rate it on function ? how would you rate it on looks and feel ?
Will the JinHao standard international ink cartridges fit this pen?
Is the nib size #6?
Does this item come with ink in the reserve or does ink need to be purchased separately before use?
Is this ink compatible with the HP Officejet Pro 8600?
are the all cartridges (950xl and 951xl) XL? thanks.
What is contained in this combo pack? Is it 2 black &amp; 2 colored?
Can this printer print with Black ink only in place?
Is this compatible with my Officejet pro 8610?
how long do the cartridges last?
Why does Amazon tell me that this won't work with the Office Jet Pro 8600 when it does?
will this work wih an HP 8610?
Do all of the colors have to be replaced at the same time?
How long is expiration date?
Does this refill come in a multi year?
Just to be sure, is this the 2014 calendar?
Does this refill the G545-50? That's what I've ordered for years but the G545-14 and G545-00 listed first &amp; second confuses me...
I need to order two 2015 G545-50 calebder refills. I do not see them being offered on Amazon. Please help.
Need cover only, g546-00. How much?
what colors
Is the picture generic because January 1st, 2014, is a Wednesday, not a Sunday. Will order this item &amp; see that it's a 2014, but pic is misleading...
Did you order the 2014 refill?
What is the start month
is there any way I can get it with wheels? or buy wheels for it?
What kind of fabric is on the chair? Is it real leather?
Is this an ad for the chair and ottoman? It says chair and ottoman in the description but there is only a picture of the chair. Thanks. danb.
Hello, I wanted to confirm that the ottoman is included in the price and will ship together? Thanks!?
What is weight limit? Is item really durable (my grandson has broken 3 playing games,etc.).
Does it come with is own software?
will this scanner scan a barcode in code39 from a mobile phone/smart phone/tablet screen? Also, does it stand up on its own (it appears to do so)?
How many seconds to wake up from power save mode and scan?
Can the time before scanner goes to power save mode be adjusted?
How large is the usb interface and what comes in the box and can you use it wired also?? Thanks!! Tom
Does it work with a square on an ipad?
Once shipped, how long did it take to get to the US? thanks guys!
Are these the same as the other frixion pens that work on fabric?
are the inks inside these pens, the colors of the pens? the online refills are only available in black, blue and red. i need a rainbow
Do they sell any separate big erasers for these pens? The eraser on the end is very small and in the long run will eventually run out.
Are the colors bright?
Are the colors bright?
Are they really 0.5 point? I have bought a similar "0.5" set before, but when it arrived I saw they were 0.7 point pens...
I have a At&amp;t Nokia smart phone will it work with it ?
can it be used for both android and ios 7, otherwise i will have to return this item after i receive it.
Does this work on a iPhone 5s
can it be used for Galaxy S4?
Can it be used for iphone4s? Because I've downloaded an APP"LG Pocket Photo"for iOS from the App Store.
Is the screen backlit? Can you read the time in the dark?
what size is it? will it sit on a desk?
what frequency is it?
Had to put in new battery, lost instructions on how to reset time, how is that done?
Does this Clock have a low Battery Indicator?
Should something show up on the screen when you install the batteries?
I want to messure for this atomic digital mod.#88909
How does it hang? We live in a town home with no nearby trees- would it hang from a balcony? Or could I put the sensor in between a window and screen?
Do products specs indicate whether humidity reading is indoor or outdoor?
Does this show the humidity
WHAT IS WEIGHT CAPACITY?
What is the weight of the step? Does it have a non-skid bottom?
Which is the storage compartment...the bottom step or the top?
Is the top of the steps slick? We have a dog who needs this to get onto the bed, and if she slips off it she wont use it.
What is the weight load maximum?
What is the HEIGHT of each step?
Are there only 7 flips? or flips for 7 types of coins with so many flips for each type? Previous Q&amp;A sound like only 7 flips total...
how many are there?
Hey, guys, do you want your product get selling!??! So let's clear it out! Is it 7 or 700 individual flips??
You have said two different things - are there a total of 7 or 700 individual flips?
So, I am buying 7 flips for $15.99? Why do 7 flips weigh 3.6lbs?
Does it scan handwriting?
Can you edit the scans once they appear in Word (add/delete text if needed)?
can the software be downloaded onto my laptop from the internet rather than using the cdrom?
does it support Chinese (simplified and traditional) ?
Does it work with Windows 8?
Says its portable. What does that mean? when you must use it with a computer or tablet? Does it have a memory?
Can it scan math equations?
In the phrase "portable and usb powered", what does portable mean? Battery operated?
Will this pen scan text on an iPad?
is the journal made of genuine leather?
Please could somebody tell me whether the pages are lined, or whether they are blank. If blank, would there be anohter in this range with lined pages.
Where can I find paper refills for this at?
Does this fit standard filler paper for mini binders?
Can the paper be placed in a printer?
does this come in the box in the picture?
What are the slots in the side for?
I know the cover is leather but does it have a hard backing or is it just soft cover that flops around? It appears rather soft and pliable in the pic
How many pages does this come with?
Is the paper ok for calligraphy
Can I use this credit card terminal for cell phone?
Does it need to connect to a cash register? If so which makde/model? How do you handle cash? Thanks you.
Are you able to manually enter credit card information on this machine and able to run multiple transactions, as many as 50 in a single batch?
Can I use this wireless? I am in isla Coche, Venezuela. I work at the beach. Can I use it as my cell phone? I rent water motor and other stuff.
Does this machine connect to your bank account?
Hi, my question is: Will this machine can be programmed to install a trade in Venezuela? I gradezco your answer, thanks
What if your office space has no phone jack, is there another way to use this model?
does it stor the cc# ONE SWIPED? I only wanna utilize for storage prior to a transaction. Thanks so much for ur help.
Hello! can I use this machine in venezuela?
can this be used with internet and be PCI compliant? or just land line?
what is the weight capacity?
How large are the rectangular holes on the walls and floor of the cart? If I put an apple in the cart could it fall out? What about a peach?
How high is the handle?
what is the measurements for this shopping cart is this cart regular size or is it a mini shopping cart
Does it come with a liner?
What is the maximum weight it will hold without stressing the cart?
how will this cart do going up stairs? Does the small basket get in the way of the stairs?
Basket measurements, wheel measurements, materials of wheels
I only received one. Aren't these supposed to be 20 packs? Did anyone actually receive 20 pieces?
Does anyone know the minimum hole size that the knurled end will fit thru?
Is the cable sharp? (OK for little kids to handle?)
does anyone have any info on the tiny pry bar in image 2?
Are these suitable and will they hold tight enough to use to put on my dogs collar to hold her ID tags?
are they bracelet sized?
Where can I buy the crimps?
If this is stainless steel, then why are some reporting that it is rusting or arriving with rust?
Is the middle design some sort of inlay? Can dirt or things get stuck in there?
Does this scratch easily? Will it show fingerprints/smudges?
Does this look more for a woman, and does this look good/best for a male executive?
I have thicker business cards than usual. I know it's hard to say, but how many regular thickness business cards fit in this case?
Does this phone have it's own answering system. I don't want to call in and subscribe for an answering service.
Does this work well with the AT &amp;T wireless phone service ? our current phones do not.
do you have to have caller id and call wait for this to work on your phone
Does this model have talking caller id?
Can you give handset a name instead of handset 1
does this phone have a extra large display
If the base is unplugged from power, does the unit retain its time/date settings? Or do you need to reset them?
Does this phone have a speaker option?
what do you mean when you say "cordless"? does the second phone need to be plugged in?
what size are the numbers on the phone? my mother is almost blind?
Is this activatable in Canada,as they now have service in Canada?
On the "pay for one year w/ second year free plan", if my second year free plan were to expire today, what is the current month-to-month fee?
Will this work with wifi signal alone or does it have to be plugged in to the internet modem/router?
can i keep my existing phone number
is there a monthly fee after i make this purchase?
If I buy this device, will it remain mine if I choose to discontinue using phonpower in the future?
Can I hook all of my existing phones to this service? What about my alarm system that is hooked into the phone system?
what does it cost a mounth?
Nomorobo doesn't list Phone Power as compatible. Has anyone been successful using Phone Power with Nomorobo?
THE SECOND LINE DO I GET A SEPARATE NUMBER
What is the size of the bubble? 3/16? 1/2"? Thank you
is this bubble wrap great for people with popping obsession? my girl friend needs them
What is the largest bubble size available?
are these the small bubbles thats good for wrapping dishes?
Can you use this product to insulate greenhouse walls?
can this bubble wrap be used to wrap a 60 inch tv?
Does this come in a box that could be used to hold it or store it?
Is this 1/2 in?
above under the price it says " Usually ships within 1 to 2 months" ,is that a "typo"? or does it take 1-2 months to get this ?
Will the total packing dimensions (length + height + width) be within 158 cm/62 in? Can this fit the maximum baggage allowance 62 in on US flights?
Can the 32 X 24 be hung vertically or horizontally?
This came without a stand. The posting didn't say about stand missing and the photos gave the impression there is a stand. How can we get one now?
The male USB jack that is connected to the female barrel jack broke. Do you have a suggestion on where i can obtain the replacement part?
How do you clean it? I lost my direction page. :-( The cloth doesn't seem to be enough and it leaves smears.
can you see the sign good outside?
Does it have a non flashing mode?
I have this set on a timer. It turns on it starts in FLASH mode. How can I change the default background?
Does this board have hooks so I can hang it?
Is this product OK for outdoor use?
Does this model a detachable cord unit?
Will this work with Intuit online POS program?
Do you need anything else..software?
WHere does it put the scanned data? Do you have to position your curser in the CC field on a form?
WIll this cc reader work with Chromebook which has USB port?
Does this reader work with Windows 8.1?
will this work with windows 8? Im trying to keep record of all my credit/debit cards and gift cards without typing alleach ones numbers this help me?
Is there a configuration utility?
Is it affected by different swipe speeds?
upon swipe of card, I get %B(and the credit card #)^(card user name) ^( 21 numbers ?; card #)=(15 numbers)? How can I get credit card # in field?
Describe the color. Is it more gold or beige?
I need a sofa just like yours --- Except they need to turn into a bed --Got any ???
What is the fabric?
Do the pillows come with the loveseat? If not, where can you get them?
Will other brands of slipcovers fit the Lily love seat?
is assembly required
yes I'd like to know if all is removable and washable, thanks!
I need to know how deep it sits. Low is good: it's for my petite Gma. Will she be able to sit in it comfortably without a cushion behind her?
what is the density of the foam used? Is this foam and innerspring. I need specs.
Does this clock tick
Is the battery included?
Is this clock battery operated?
Does it come with the clock movement?
Will this fit a small crystal arques desk or mantle clock? Taking the mechanism out it measures about 2 1/2 inches across where it will fit in? It is a German clock. Thank you!
Will this insert fit the Waterford Acropolis clock? Thanks
Does the clock "tick" or is it silent?
what size battery does this use
what size are the mats?
Can this be used on acrylic? I've seen some protectors have said not recommended for acrylic surfaces
how do you clean a white pad?
Does this product have non-reflective surface?
how thick is the pad
Im looking for something that will protect my dining room table during tutor sessions with my kids. Will this protect the table from damage ?
I want the mat to keep my keyboard from sliding all over the place. Will this mat work for that?
What are the dimensions?
Is it safe for laptops or could the desk pad promote overheating?
Does this pad help reduce noise from typing on a keyboard?
Do they come with the logo written on the bottom right as shown in the picture?
How does this work with a laser gaming mouse? I currently use a hard plastic mouse pad which I like a lot due to accuracy.
i have a slanted desk surface. will this mat slide off or is the bottom tacky enough to keep it in place?
Will this stay in place on a somewhat slippery tesktop, or does it slide easily?
Is your calendar "real" paper that can be written on with pencil, pen, and hold up to erasing? Do not want glossy paper (hard to write on). Tks
When will the 2016 2017 version be available? Thanks.
When ordering more than 1, the shipping charges get multiplied as well. Why? I need qty of 2, hoping a single shipping charge of $1.69.
Does this calendar fit inside a checkbook cover?
what are the dimentions
what is the cost to get something printed on the front of the calendars? I would need appox, 100, and are they white covers??
I need a quantity of fifty (50) do you have that amount in stock?
I need these for my business. Do you sell them in larger quantities. I need a minimum of 10.
When will the 2015/16 be available? Is there a three year version?
I need to know if this item has staples, or if it is book bound. Thank you!
Is this ink also compatable with the epson expression xp-410 printer?
Is this ink compatible with Epson WF-2530
Is this ink comparable with Epson XP-400 Printer?
WILL THESE WORK WITH MY EPSON XP-310 ALL IN ONE
will these work with an Espon 2520?
Are these XL cartridges?
These cartridges serves the epson 2650?
What kind of cartridges should I use in a Epson Workforce 2650?
I got this product and it will not work in my WF-2540, it will fit but when it prints, nothing comes out.....how can I fix this?
Black cartridge won't work. Yellow tape on black cartridge is on other end of cartridge from where it is on color cartridges. Are yours like that?
Has anyone used these on Epson WF-2540, how did they work for you?
Will these cartridges work in Epson XP-410 ?
I would like to know if anyone has purchased these for Epson WF-2530 and were happy with them???
I just received the ink but it did not come with instructions. Can you give me the instructions?
could this be used in hp photosmart c4680 ? if so, are these all i need for refilling? first timer in doing so.
I want refill HP 564 Cartridges (my first time), how many milliliters i need inject onto black and colours Cartridges?
will this work for hp 61 cartridges
Is each bottle 100ml?
Can I use it with Canon Pixma MG2920 Catridge?
is this ink ok for hp 7520?
Will this work with both hp 950 (black) and 951 (color, cyan/magenta/yellow) ink cartridges?
How mutch in one bottle?
Does this include the photo black ink?
Is it pigmented?
will my printer still print if I add this ink to my cartridge which has still dye based ink in it but of different brand ?
Where can i find the instructions to refill the cartridges with this ink and kit. Do i need to place some dummy cartridge while filling.
Does the Ink Kit come with a stopper?
Will this work with Epson XP-400?
What's the difference between Professional and Standard? The price difference is about $3?
What ink do you use for the photo ink cartridge
Will this work with the HP Photosmart 7515 all-in-one printer?
Does it work with Windows 8?
Will it need a fixed IP address for TCP/IP communication or can work with a dynamic IP address?
Does this work with Windows 7 Pro?
What year is this for
Is the 2015 Weekly Planner(70-035) available now?
What are the dimensions?
like a view of the inside pages, open to see 1 week, please.
Your answers indicated it is for 2014. But, your 2nd image showed January 1 on a Monday while 1/1/2014 falls on Wednesday. Please clarify.
Is it for 2014?
Does this product have plastic sleeves in front/back covers?
Dimension of date squares
I'm looking for a planner that will fit in my wallet - like my checkbook does.
what kind of binder does it have?
How durable is the cover and binding of this item? It's hard to make out from the picture.
For what year is this calendar?
Does the week start on Monday or Sunday?
Can this calendar open flat like a wire bound one?
I am looking at this product on 09/19/2014. I need a 2015 calendar. What calendar year is this product for?
I'm deciding between this planner and the same size, wirebound version. Does this hardback version lay flat on a desk, as the wirebound would?
When will the 2015 monthly planner be out??
Just double checking that this is the 2014. I know pictures can be "generic" but since January 1, 2014 fell on a Wednesday, is it the 2014 one?
Does this calendar have a storage pocket?
Is this wire bound? While the pictures show wire binding, the last one I ordered was not. It is not specifically mentioned in the description.
The picture does not match how this calendar has always looked. There should be a label that says "monthly 2014." Is Amazon's picture accurate?
Price increase over $3 from last year?
Is there one that is plastic bound not wire bound?
Are there any blank pages for notes in the back?
How are the days listed? I see a square on the above image for each day of the month, is this all there is?
Is the Monthly Dayminder (SK200) above for 2014? No year is listed. Thanks.
how big is the area for each day?
does this have the clear pocket in the back of the book?
Does this say "Made in the USA"?
Will the planner cover Jan 2014 - Jan2015? It's currently March 2014.
Does this have Sundays as well?
Does it have a phone directory
does this also have the monthly calendar included
Does it show the month as a whole then go to seprate days/dates
What are the book's dimensions?
Need a 2013 book is that possible (need one from August 2013 - December 2013?
is this the cartridge needed for vu point cube printer? It has IPWF-P30-VP on manual.
is the product in the original box sealed? I am a little concerned about a review I read since some of mhy orders from Amazon recently have had issue
Is this the cartridge needed for model IP-P28-VP?
does this work with iPhone 5
I received a VuPoint printer model IP-P25-VP and can't seem to find the replacement cartridge anywhere. Is this particular cartridge compatible also?
how many pictures does it print with one cartridge
manual has IP-P28-VPS on it.Will this cartridge work with this photo cube?
Does this work with the ip-p28-vp?
WHAT YEAR IS THIS FOR
want to order 2014. is this a 2014?
Are you sure this is for 2014? The photo of the inside at page top shows 1/1 on a Monday, and in 2014 it's on a Wednesday.
Is this for 2014?
Is there also a space for telephone and address'?
My husband has the one for 2013. He likes the plastic pockets. It says order SK48 for a refill. Is this the right one?
Does this one have pockets inside the covers? I have a 2013 #SK48-10 which does have the pockets. I want the exact same thing for 2014.
Where is it made?
I need to know if this item has staples, or if it is book bound. Thanks!
Is there a string - acting like a bookmark? Thanks.
I need a 2 14" x 3 1/4" weekly planner for 2014
Hi is this the same as the 2013 sf 48. Is this a hard cover or soft
Hi is this the same as the 2013 sf 48. Is this a hard cover or soft
Does this have a bracket or some way to hang it on the wall?
Do they sell the power cord/remote by it's self? or do you know where i can find one/ I have two boards but no remote.
Does this product have a remote control, or how does the controller box work?
Does this listing come with a stand?
Is this planner for the 2014 year?
Is this hard or soft cover?
Do you sell refills for the following years, so the cover can be reused (and the refills cheaper than buying a new one each year)?
is wallet calendar available
is this a 2015 planner?
Is this item "SK53" ?
how does this refill attach to an agenda? Does it slide in, or does it tie in?
Hi again, so it is for 2014 and it goes through Jan 2015? Just making sure.
What year is this calendar for?
Are there any pockets inside the front or rear covers?
Is this 2014? Thanks
what are shipping charges?
can i please see the inside pages
Does this calendar also have separate days for Saturday &amp; Sunday?
can i please see the inside pages
I'm needing a 2014 appointment book. What year is this appointment book?
Are week-ends displayed on 2 separate pages? Are Holidays printed in red?
I have a Refill E017-50 for for 2013 and need one for 2014 Can you help me.
IS THIS A 2014 REFILL?
What is the cover made of? Is it water proof.
does this have telephone and address pages?
Are there monthly tabs?
why is this one $22 and one just like this one for $36
Is this 2014?
Thank you merchantshoppe, but what about the one that ships directly from Amazon? Is that a 2014???
Is this for 2014?
Is this a 2013 or 2014 calendar?
I need a 2014 refill -- must know if the stock item is in fact a 2014 refill? The picture of this refill is year 2015 Look at the dates in January.
Is this the calendar year 2014 Refill? That is what I need to order at this time.
2014? I see you answered another question with "Yes, we have it for 2014.", but will the product you ship be the 2014 refill?
How do I specify the 2014 year during purchase?
Is this refill for 2014?
For what specific YEAR is THIS particular calendar for? Please post the YEAR in the description!
Can you see the cardboard backing sticking out at the sides?
Is this for 2014? Why in the world would you not specify the year of the calendar in the description?
for 2014 or does user need to print on display to show weekdays by hand sample shows end/start days on wrong day of the week
the item description says that the calendar shows 3 months per page, yet the photo shows one month per page. please elaborate. i need one month per
I ordered this calendar and I love it. Does anyone know of a Monday through Sunday alternative?
how much space is each daily square?
picture shows one mo.per page. discription says 3mo.per page. which one is correct? thanks
is this diary for 2014?
What is the cover made of?
does the book lay flat when open?
Is this for the year 2014???
Does it lay flat when opened?
Is cover non-flexible, or is it like a hard backed book?
doe this have monthly and weekly breakdowns?
Does this calendar have a storage pocket? If so, is it plastic or paper?
Is this a 2014 calendar?
Does this come in some kind of holder or is it just the pad?
Today is Jan 17, 2014, a Friday. In the photo above, the calendar has Friday as the 18th. Am I really buying the 2014 version here?
I'd like to post this calendar on my fridge. Does it come with magnets?
Are the days of the week on each month of this calendar? One reviewer said no.
Is it quality paper or cheap and flimsy?
I'd like to post this calendar on my fridge. Does it come with magnets?
Is it standable?
Is this a 2014 calendar? I just want to make sure as there's no year specified.
description says "one month per two page spread". Is this correct, or is it one week per two page spread?
It says the size is 7.25 x 8.93 x .25 inches......does that mean that the thickness is 1/4 inch? Isn't that kinda skinny?
Is this available for 2014? If so, how do we request that when ordering? Thnak you
Is this 8 wide by 11 long?
does this include a day schedule as well as the monthly planning?
How thick is it? Are there refill pages to replace at the of the year? Anna
Does this have the "To Be Done In" on one side of the 2 page calendar and the "Diary Record" on the other side?
Is this dated or can it be used for any year?
can I use it with my three ring day timer
Are the days of the week across the top Sunday - Saturday? or Monday -Sunday?
Are the pages ruled?
Are there lines in each square
Does this refill contain an address refill?
My refill doesn't contain advance planning calenders (6-years on 2-pages) and reference pages that include 2-pages of holidays worldwide? Does yours?
Does each week start with Sunday or Monday?
Is this for year 2013-2014?
How do I mount this on my fridge thanks
I was wondering how I can hang this on my fridge- I don't want magnetic
Is this easel type for the desk, stand alone?
The dates are off by one date, compared to my other 2014 calendars. For ex: Jan 1 is shown as a Thurssday, but it's actually on Wednesday. ???
SPIRAL FOLDERTO COLLECT MONTHLY BILLS?
my old day timer had a monthly notes page(month in review) after each month. does this one? It also had a 3 year outlook.
my old day timer had a monthly notes page(month in review) after each month. does this one? It also had a 3 year outlook.
When I ordered this product #061-685Y it came in a pack of 3. I only ordered 1.
Why are there 7 hole punches? I have a 6 hole notebook and have ordered 6 hole for over 20 years.
Does this fit into the Franklin Covey seven holed punched planner?
Does this refill have monthly tabs? It looks like it,but does not say. The 481-685Y seems the same without daily lines but much more expensive!
Is the one listed a 2014 Calendar? I want this refill #061-685Y, but I want to make sure it is for year 2014. Thanks
I am looking for 6 hole refill pages for 6 x 3 1/2 size lined paper refill for a day planner.
Is this the refill for product #44275? I want it to be exactly like the calendar that came with that product.
does this have an address in the back as this item had previously when I purchased it in 2012?
Is this exactly like the item#44275 that I purchased in 2012? It was 18 months of 2 page monthly calendars with weekly calendars between each month.
I am unable to locate the type binder I have, dimensions match these, do pages have 7 holes?
Is the 2014 planner refill still printed in the USA?
Will it fit into a zip up Day timer re-order # 44275 desk simply classic 2 page per month
is this for 2014
I have the Classic Edition of the Daytimer with 3 holes. What fit it?
Will this fit Franklin Planner - Classic size?
What color is the ink on the calendar, in the picture it appears to be pink?
I'd like to post this calendar on my fridge. Does it come with magnets?
i noticed the weight of this product is 14.9oz, what is the total shipping weight ?
Is the paper durable?
Are the date blocks ruled (lines) or unruled?
How do you load the refill into the pen.
if papers written w/ this pen are stored in a place that is wrm and enclosed does the ink disappear?
How much ink is actually in the pack? Do the pens have ink in them so 9?
do the refills work
is the ink in this pen water-soluble??
How long does the ink last compared to normal pens? I'm wondering if it's worth it or not
How do these pens feel in writing compared to regular pens?
How to you install the refills? I can find no way to open the pen to get the old one out.
Does the ink become permanent after a period of time?
is it black color? or charcoal? I really need the exact black color pen ...
My scanner makes a funny noise when it is on. Sounds like something spinning (mirrors maybe) inside are making contact with the case or something.
paired with ipad, but cannot seem to use the keyboard and the scanner simulaniously? have to turn the scanner off to get the keyboard to come up
Is this scanner compatible with Mac OS X ?
Does it read USPS shipping label?
I've lost the manual and can't pair the device because i have no programming barcodes to scan, is there somewhere I can download the manual?
Does anyone have the documentation on this? How do you make it discoverable
Does this support QR Codes/2d Barcodes?
I need to use it for the Ipad 4 Gen and the Square Stand, do you think it might work with that bundle?
Does this include the monthly tabs as well?
Which binders work well with these refills?
Is this size the one for the "Classic"?
does it come in 8 1/2 x 11
Does anyone know if the FC 2-page per day, 5 1/2 x 8 1/2, is compatible with Day-Timer brand? I like the FC format better than DT. Tks
Is this Franklin Covey 60564
Is this the "Compact" size?
Does this planner include the 2 page per month tabs?
I want to order one for 2014. Why does an answer below state that his or hers was from 2011? That wouldn't help at all.
I would like to confirm that this is for 2014
Please indicate in what month this packet begins. I need July 2014-June 2015.
Is this the 2014 full year refill pages in classic size? Price seems amazing :)
Does this come with the monthly planning tabs?
I have a problem though: My yellow toner when I print color is leaving lines. The other colors aren't. Is a defective toner? Instructions followed
Can these work for Printer HP M277, thanks?
Will these toner cartridges fit the HP Color LaserJet Pro M252dw Printer? The description does not mention M252 and I am afraid to purchase.
I only need to replace my black cartridge. Any way of distinguishing black from colored cartridges? All the wrapping looks the same. Thanks!
I don't print a lot. What's the shelf life of these toners?
I have the OEM cartridges that came with my HP Laserjet Pro 200. When you order this pack is there a label included to mail back used cartridges?
There are several comments about the lifetime warranty in the previous questions. Has any customer found this to be reliable?
Ae these water-proof ink as the HP LaserJet 200 Pro M251 cartridges are?
Is this a full toner or more like the 'starter' toner yield? I'm a bit skeptical because the price for these 5 toners is the cost of 2 OEM.
Can I purchase just the black cartidges for my HP LaserJet Pro 200 M251nw and how much is the price?
can I use 240XL instead of plain 240?
Is this ink the same as 241 color
My printer stopped working after just a month after I installed the ink. It doesnt identify the ink in the cartridge even though is full. Anyone else?
Are the complaints from people who did not know they have to change their printer's settings or is the product faulty?
Does this work on the Canon Pixma MG3222?
I just purchased the 240XL &amp; 241XL, and both appear to be very low in ink; black one is empty. Please help!
is this a real wood frame or plastic? I want to paint it...
Are the existing measurement 100% true ?
What is the width of the frame on this board? I want hinge two of these together. Is it wide enough to allow hinges to be screwed into it?
what are the anchors for? Does it have a wire to hang on a hook?
I bought this and I don't know how to use the anchors that came with it. Any instructions on how other owners installed the board on the wall? Thank y
Can I hang this bulletin board in a different orientation than the photo? (so vertically instead of horizontally like the photo shows)
what size pins go with it? would 1 inch pins work?
Is it possible to cut the cork board to a different size or will it fall apart? Also, how thick is the cork?
Is it possible for this to be reframed? If I take out the cork board, will it fall apart if I try to put it in a nicer frame?
Is cork board DURABLE? If not why not?
Will it scan barcodes off computer or phone screen? The product description doesn't make it clear. Many LED/Laser readers won't do this.
My question is about the sound this model makes. Some scanners "chirp" in a very loud or ear piercing way.
Is it compatible with library management software, such as Follett or Alexandria?
Can you scan the barcodes directly to a text file? If so, how is this accomplished?
what software do you use as data collection if any. If not are you aware of any compatible database or inventory software for this scanner
Are these pens extra fine, fine, med, or broad?
What ink cartridges do I buy for these pens? Is the 25 PCS Jinhao internation ink what I need?
Does anyone know if I can buy and or place an extra fine nib to these pens???
where is the ink, i bought the pen but there was no ink
Is this $11.61 price correct for four pens?
Just received my 4 pens. How do I tell the difference in nib size? They all look the same.
Do these pens come with there own gift box?
I just ordered these and cannot seem to get the cap off the tip on any of them. I have tried twisting and pulling both. I don't want to try pliers
can i get faster shipping
Do you have to dip it in the ink
Does it have a 2page monthly view at the beginning of each month? does it have a weekly 2pg view? could you please share pictures of them? thanks
Does it include a 2pg monthly view at beginning of every month?, weekly views? provide pictures please. thanks
Does this Agenda have pages with times pre-printed for each day to enter your appointments?
Does it come with an elastic closure band? says so in the description but the picture doesn't show it.
What are the dimensions of this item?
What is the warranty?
can you scan photos
Is USB port 1.0 or 2.0.....what is model number?
Ok so maybe I'm missing it... but is there a warranty with this item where it is referbished?
Is software included
How do you oil it?
What are the size dimensions?
Can one safely leave this shredder in "Auto" all the time? I've been doing that with my GBC, except the GBC doesn't have a power LED.
How fast is this microcut shredder vs a crosscut? i.e. sheets per minute or something like that.
will this shredder handel unopened junk mail
What happens if a foreign object is put in?
how much does it weigh?
Can anyone tell me if the gears are steel or plastic? Thanks!
what is the un time
Could I line the pullout basket with a trash bag? I have always lined my baskets with a trash bag to make recycling and cleaning easier without dust.
is this binder available with a spine label
What are the dimensions of the binder
What does the description "English leather" mean as applied to this binder?
Will the pages protrude from the cover when using page protectors once the binder is closed??
I have an 800+ pgs genealogy file that I want to use this for, with sheet protectors.If i buy 2 will that be enough to hold all the pages?
When it is described as black does it mean brown and black, or just plain black. I have seen different color combinations on the web?
Is the inside of the binder large enough to hold standard sheet protectors for 8.5x11 paper without the sheet protector sticking out?
Does this binder lay flat when open? I want to use it on a music stand and often need to have two pages visible.
How many pages does this binder hold? Specifically, I have a 300 page document I need bound.
Does the binder look exactly as it is shown, black and tan?
Can I put my companies name on the front of it? How would I do that.
How big is the label slot on the spine of the binder? Exact dimensions would be appreciated. Thanks!
Is it large enough to use sheet protectors or will they stick out?
Does the 2" binder Black and Leather come with the "slot" - or will it be available soon?
what is a 3 D-Ring with Buster? Are the rings round or part round, part straight?
I want to use these albums to hold my postcard collection using my own 8.5 x 11 pages. How many pages will each album hold?
The description says English Leather, but I see several people have referred to it not being leather at all. Can you clarify?
when does this calendar end (month ?)
When should I order for the planner to start September 2014
I am wondering about start &amp; end dates. The Amazon Product Desc shows "November '13 through December '14"? Or do they vary based on purchase date?
Are there blank lined pages in the book or can you purchase blank lined pages to put in this? Would this be easy to do considering it's spiral bound?
Can this planner fit into a padfolio?
I am interested in the half size moms planner. Any updates about it?
Will this calendar ever include tabbed pages for full monthly calendars?
I am very interested in your planner, but the links on Amazon to the sample pages do not work. Is there any way I can see samples of your pages?
Can I be notified when the Tools4Wisdom Mom Planner is available in the 8.5x5.5 size?
Can you use the "liquid" chalk markers on this type of board?
Is this actual chalk board or a faux chalkboard?
Is there a stand on the back so that it can stand on it's own?
Is the frame for this chalk board actually made from wood or is it plastic or something similar to plastic?
Is this double sided?
Is this board magnetic?
Can you remove the label off the wooden frame?
Is this chalkboard porous?
Can you use liquid chalk markers with this chalkboard?
Is the total dimension larger than 14x14x14 wood frame included?
Is this magnetic?
Is the "Quartet" label removable?
Does this frame come with a kickstand? Can I use chalk markers instead of traditional chalks on this board?
Does it come ready to mount on the wall
What's the best chalk to use? What are Chalk markers?
Can this chalkboard survive being outdoors?
Would this wrk well for a dart score board? I am not a fan of the ones made for that purpose ?
Is this set up with Sunday being the first day of the week or is it Mon-Fri and then the weekend.
Is this calendar January 2015 to December 2016 as advertised?
Does this calander start with January 2015 and end with December 2016 dor this time perios
Is this calendar January 2015 to December 2016 as advertised or 2014-2015?
Is it available without the bits of advice at the top? I'd rather have the space to use myself, preferably in the form of more space per day.
is this 2 full years or does it stop in july 2016?
Does the planner have any bonus months? Or is it just form Jan 14 to Dec 15?
Are there pages for addresses and phone numbers?
moon phase marks on pages?
is it sunday to sunday?
How many boxes in one order?
What is the maximum weight the single box could hold?
The external dimensions are 24"x18"x24", yet the internal dimensions are listed as 24"x18"x18"? WHY the difference?
how many boxes will i get for this purchase?
how many boxes will I get for this purchase
does this fit the Samsung Galaxy 3 tablet 7' lite?
Does this have a cut out for the ir port? I use my tab to control my tv/stereo/air conditioner/xbox 360. I bought another case like this and it didn't
Will this fit the Galaxy note 2 ?
will it fit the T210R
What are the dimensions of the tabletop?
does this have the cupholder feature too?
does it come in colors other than white
Is this the original Table Mate II brand, or an imitation one?
is this table already assembled?
What color is this one?
what is it made out of?
Does it come in blacl
IS THISTABLE AVAILABLE WITH A LIGHT ON IT?
How tall
Can you customize the top to say Really instead of It is what it is?
How easily is it pressed? I am thinking about getting one to train my small dog to alert us when she needs to go out.
Can it store more than one message at a time, or do you have to record over the top of each message (basically just giving you one 10 second recorded message)?
What does it say on the button face?
Does the button have the phrase "It is what it is" on it? If so, can it be removed?
Can you only record once or can you put a new message on it?
How is the sound quality on a scale of 1 to 5 with 5 being very clear?
What kind of batteries does this button take?
How is the volume compared to the actual Staples "That Was Easy" Button?
Can you use a quote from a movie?
I have MX922,but cartriage received defintely smaller than original, I have hard time to get it installed anc clicked-in, anyone has the same issue?
Are these all XL as it shows it in the photo but does not state in description??
No instructions or leaflet was shipped with the order, got ink on fingers attempting install. Where can I find install instructions?
are the inks XL as in the picture?
does the canon ink printer coomes with any ink?
Are these compatible with Canon 7220 printer? I purchased a different set from same vendor and the magenta cartridge did not fit. Didn't try others
Are these compatible with the MG5520, which is the upgrade of the MG5420 that came out last summer?
will the 10 pack Compatible work/fit in my Canon Pixma MG7120 ?
Is this product compatible with the Canon Pixma MG5520 ?
I have a canon pixma model mx410. Will these ink cartridges work with it? My color cartridge is just one cartridge-not individual colors.
will it fit my canon 922 printer
I replaced the ink today and just noticed that C-251 Black is missing the chipset. So my printer cannot recognize the ink. I need replacement.
Will these fit my Canon Pixma MX920
Do these cartridges have the regular fill or the short fill that comes in new printers?
would they work with a pixma mg7120?
Will this Work with My Cannon MX920 Printer?
Is this C250, the big black, a pigment ink, like the Canon C250?
volume of ink in ml?
refill
Has anyone used these cartridges with the MX922?
Are these compatible with MG5400?
Is there a problem using non-Canon ink? My Pixma 712 has a dead ink print head and the Canon support claims it could be due to refilling at Costco.
does this match pixma mx920
Are these compatible with Canon MG5500?
How much time can those ones be stored?
Is this ink compatible with the Canon MG6220? I currently use canon ink 251 and a large 250 black.
compatible withe the pixma 933 series?
What is the shelf life ?
Anyone use these on the Canon MG5620?
do these work in a canon pixma mg5220 ?
Why is a gray supplied for Pixma MG5420 Canon printer?
are these cartridges for canon mg7520
Are these cartridges can mix use with Cannon's ink, since I have three cannon cartridge still have ink. Thank you.
Would these work for the Canon Mg6300??
why wont the printer work if printing a b/w document and a color cartridge is out of ink
not compatible with my canon prixma mg6320?
Do these cartridges work with MG7120? Thanx
Is this ink compatible with canon C6300 wireless printer?
Are these high yield(XL) cartridges as the picture shows or standard? It is not clear from the description.
is this ink compatible for printer? with CANON PIXMA iP8720
can this be mounted to the front or side of the desk?
Would it be possible to remove the arm from the post or is it permanently molded? I'd like to mount it to a floor bolted post w/ minor modification.
If you use it for a keyboard, does it bounce when you type?
Can this be used with a 21" monitor, keyboard &amp; mouse? Will weight of hand on mouse be a problem?
I have a fairly light writing desk that but can accommodate the spec.'s of the Erogotron. What does the Ergotron weigh?
Any reason I couldn't use with monitor and wireless keyboard as long as they fit and are under the weight limit?
Do you think a 10lb 27" (diagnol) monitor on this will be stable?
Can this be used as a keyboard/wacom tablet tray UNDERNEITH my desk?
How deep can the desk be? I need the Workfit to reach the front end of my desk.
Can this be used in combination with an LX Desk arm mount (tall pole)? As in, could they be on the same pole without any issues?
What year is this for?
Will this size fir Franklin Covey's compact binder ?
I have a Day Runner planner. Does anyone know if these will fit in the Day Runner--same page size?
is this planer refill loose paper refill or a spiral refill?
Is the month on 2 pages as well as the weeks?
I am going to order the Jan 2014 through December 2014. I wish the years were listed in the description for there is no confusion. Just a suggestion
Do I get to choose which colors? All DIFFERENT colors, guaranteed?
I really need 8 different colors can you ensure that if I order two sets?
Okay one ticket has name and number on it, correct. So does the other ticket blank on the back? Needing to stamp it so they know where it came from.
can you get four rolls of the same color tickets with each roll having different numbers
If I order 2 or 3 sets, can I ensure the numbers on the tickets won't repeat?
I'm trying to locate an email address to contact you. On the order I just placed can you please send any color(s) but orange? Thank You!
I need two rolls of the magenta color. Is that possible?
Can I request colors? I can not use blue or white
If I request a single color for all four rolls of tickets, will the raffle ticket numbers be repeated across rolls?
Are these 2000 two part tickets with lines for name, address, and phone on back? Thanks!
Does the dock/charger have to be plugged into a laptop via USB cord for the headset to work, or is it just a USB dongle like a wireless mouse?
I must have a pointy and/or slippery head because I have never found headphones that pass the "bend over" test without falling off. Are these snug?
can i use this item for dictation and speach recognition programs?
Can you charge this headset while in use?
Is this comparable with Mac, like the double ear is?
How can I minimize the background noise picket up by the microphone?
I bought my just last year September and the mouth piece broke, this said it comes with 2yr warranty is that part of the warranty. Way too much static
does this device works with a cordless phone
Does this work with a portable phone? or do i need an office phone?
Does the phone do call waiting?
canon pixma mg5420 ink
will this fit MX892
Will it work with MG5520?
Do these cartridges work with my cannon printer mx922
Can I mix these cartridges with the Canon cartridges that came with my printer?
Do these cartridges have a chip that will allow me to see ink levels?
do these cartridges work for canon mg5420 printer?
will this work with a canon mx922?
will this work for Canon MG 5300?
How long will unopened cartridges be good for?
Will this work with a Canon MG5420?
Will this work for my Pixma 7120? I realize that gray is not included and will need to purchase that separately. Thanks.
What are the dimensions of this product? What's the height?
Will this hold an iMac 21.5"?
Does this include the cable that is shown in the picture? KarenDeals said "no cables"...
Does this work for most computers or just i-gadgets?
There are two different IBoard by iRoo that I have seen, is this the one that is adjustable? Will if fit a laptop that is 9 1/2 inches front to back?
What is the height of the product from the desktop to the glass? Thanks.
Is the USB cord shown in the picture detachable/removable from the stand itself? What is the maximum weight limit this stand can hold?
The pic of the black one looks different than the white. Are the feet on the black one actually bean-shaped or rectangular like the white one?
how much weight can the top shelf hold?
How long is the cord that goes from the desk organizer to the computer?
What are the dimensions of this product? What's the height?
Will this hold an iMac 21.5"?
Does this include the cable that is shown in the picture? KarenDeals said "no cables"...
Does this work for most computers or just i-gadgets?
There are two different IBoard by iRoo that I have seen, is this the one that is adjustable? Will if fit a laptop that is 9 1/2 inches front to back?
What is the height of the product from the desktop to the glass? Thanks.
Is the USB cord shown in the picture detachable/removable from the stand itself? What is the maximum weight limit this stand can hold?
The pic of the black one looks different than the white. Are the feet on the black one actually bean-shaped or rectangular like the white one?
how much weight can the top shelf hold?
How long is the cord that goes from the desk organizer to the computer?
What are the dimensions of this product? What's the height?
Will this hold an iMac 21.5"?
Does this include the cable that is shown in the picture? KarenDeals said "no cables"...
Does this work for most computers or just i-gadgets?
There are two different IBoard by iRoo that I have seen, is this the one that is adjustable? Will if fit a laptop that is 9 1/2 inches front to back?
What is the height of the product from the desktop to the glass? Thanks.
Is the USB cord shown in the picture detachable/removable from the stand itself? What is the maximum weight limit this stand can hold?
The pic of the black one looks different than the white. Are the feet on the black one actually bean-shaped or rectangular like the white one?
how much weight can the top shelf hold?
How long is the cord that goes from the desk organizer to the computer?
Does it have seat belts?
Can any long-time owner (6+ months) give a review of this? Im looking for a durable chair
Can you remove the arm rests?
Is this a comfortable chair that someone could sit in for more than 5+ hours?
Does it lean back(rock forward and back) or just recline?
can you adjust the arm rests
does it come with head pillow and lumbar support pillow like the dxracer and other "racer/racing" chairs out there?
whats does flexible mean?
Would these hold up 1 inch flat glass 'marbles'? My daughter is painting the glass and needs magnets for the back to use as fridge magnets.
What type of glue is recommend to adhere to something laminated or paper?
Why does it say glue required??
Will this hold a towel against metal?
would these hold up a polaroid picture or film?
how many come in a package?
Can I use these magnets to hold 4x6 photos on the fridge door without using glue?
can they be cut?
Do these have adhesive on one side ?
Can you ship to Europe?
How do you turn it on and off ? is there a controller that controls just the spinning and one just for the light ?
I've never seen this type of bulb, where do you find replacement bulbs? Amazon not selling anything like this!
I've never seen this type of bulb, where do you find replacement bulbs?
Can this be opened so I could possibly paint over the stripes? I'd love one for my salon but want to customize the colors.
Where can I buy a replacement bulb?
The energy used is 220 or 110?
Do you sell the replacement motors and bulbs?
What is the power (voltage) on this? Will it work on 220 Volts? Also where is it made? Is it USA?
Can this be used for outside of barber shop? In other words, is it water resistant?
could the cabinet frame support added weight if the sheves were swapped out for something that would hold more than 15 lbs? That's not much.
What size is it? Why would you list an item and not include the dimensions?
what is the height &amp; what sort of materials are used?
WHAT SIZE IS IT????
What tools are required for setup?
What is the height of the bottom compartment?
Does this cabinet lock?
what is the width
Is this designed in such a way that I could assemble just the bottom half of the unit without connecting the top half?
How many shelves and/or tiers?
does the cartridges have a chip
How long does the ink last stored?
Are these compatible to be used in the Canon PIXMA MX922 ?
Any updates on the quality or ease of installation?
does this ink works with Canon pixma Mg 5420 printer?
I have a Pixma 6320. It says on the manual that that "My Image Garden" software will only work if I am using original Canon ink. Has anybody tried it using these "247 Ink Cartridges" and get the Image Garden to work properly?
The price is for 6 cartridges and they are FULL with respective INK?
Does this product work for a Canon MG7120 printer?
I have a Pixma 7220, that takes 5 cartridges. What is the Gray cartridge for?
any issues with printer nozzle clogging?
question for photographers: Is the color quality of prints made with these inks as good as the Canon inks?
Will this work for MG7120?
Are these cartridges compatible with the Cannon MG7120?
I read somewhere that "using a different brand ink other than Canon" will cause damage to your Canon printer. Is this true?
Will a Pixma MG6320 printer "recognize" these cartridges?
why type of usb cable needed
Will it print wireless
Does the paper tray slide out or does it just fold the paper over and close the door.
Is the scanner a multi-page feeder or single page scanner?
Does this printers ADF offer a 2 sided scan (duplex option) when scanning from the ADF?
how do I install Dell easy wifi installer when I have no cd player?
Can you scan to a Windows pc using wireless networking connectivity, or do you have to be directly connected via USB cable?
will this funtion on my mac os x 10.9.2?
Can I scan using the paper feeder on top?
Does this sale include the Nuance PaperPort 14 software?
Does this printer have a automatic feed feature?
(1) does it have 2 drawers (2) is it easy to set up? Reviews are not positive.
Is this printer compatible with windows 8?
does it copy legal size paper
220 volt
printer keeps going offline. We have uninstalled and reinstalled several times. connected to two printers, one wired, one wireless. help?
This printer keeps going offline. Anyone know how to rectify this?
Is this printer compatible with MAC Computers
Hey, Is there any way to print to this printer when Im not connected to the network that its on?
Does this printer come with a warranty, and if so, what does the warranty entail?
Can you print out document files like pdf's?
Does this work for printing Instagram pics?
Is this product compatible with the iPhone 5
is this product compatible with lg gw370 neon 2 phone
only for android? But as i saw in official web, pd233 can be used with iphone. so???
Is this able for iPhone?
Is this product compatible with an I Pad 2?
What sample languages is the code written in?
I forgot my pasword. How can I reset my password?
I have a MacBook Air also runing parallels desktop, which allows me to run windows 7 in it. Will it work with Windows 7 trought parallels desktop?
where do you get an instruction booklet, the reader was shipped to me with no instructions? is there a number to call I ordered through amazon?
will this work on a chromebook?
How do I get this to work using Parallels on Mac?
My msr605 disk came blank how do I install to my PC without disk
Can this be used to clone a credit card?
Can I make gift cards? can write name and phone number in the card?
Can I use this to create my own business pre-paid cards? Will it allow me to subtract value when the customer uses it to purchase something?
How many pages can be printed with the starter toner cartridges?
Is it possible to send a fax directly from a PC or MAC through MC362w ? ( like Brother PC-FAX )
Has anyone encountered the Auto document Feeder (ADF) reporting a paper jam error when scanning, even when there isn't a paper jam?
Does this have auto duplex scanning and printing or is it manual?
Does this printer have a straight-through paper path? I print perforated card stock on my old Oki printer.
How do photos (pictures printed on recommended laser photo paper) turn out on this?
Does this model have dual trays
Does this printer has USB connectivity?
How many pages does the document feeder hold?
Do this Oki Data MC362w MFP printer support 100 lb cardstock paper for card making
Is this printer compatible with Mac? Does the printer require disc installation at all?
WHAT KIND OF INK DOES THIS PRINTER USE?
'the power cord that goes from the computer to the printer is missing I need to order only that cord. What is that order number?
Is this printer compatible with windows 8?
does the 1510e come with ink cartlidges and everything you need.
does it fax
Is this printer able to handle a thicker glossy photo paper that is 10.5 mil/72 lbs, or is that likely to get jammed up?
WHATS IN THE BOX
will this printer still print out a sheet if color cartridge is empty? Black &amp; white only?
Duplex printing?? Auto both sides??
does this have a bypass tray ? Thanks.
What is the difference between C331DN and C330DN? Any help would be appreciated.
Does the C331 print white?
I have an 8.5" x 17" vinyl label sheet. Can I print on the label with full printing? Media size says 14" maximum so 17" wont work?
How long does this take to warm up.I have a older okidata c3200n that takes about 30 sec. from the time i hit print. Is this a lot faster?
how long does it take to warm up
Does this come with a warranty?
does the 331 automatically duplex cardstock like the 330 dn does?
Does this have a LAN port?
does it have a straight through paper layout for printing 110 weight card stock?
In what month does the calendar begin?
What is the date range for this calendar? 1/2014 to 12/2015 or 1/2015 to 12/2016? The descriptions are inconsistent.
Do the day blocks go nearly to the edge of the pages without any note columns nor extra top and bottom margins? I want the day blocks at maximum size.
In what month does the calendar begin?
Are there any note pages included?
how does it compare with fujitsu sv600?
How does the scanner do with color? Is it pretty accurate?
With book scanning what is the maximum number of pages you can scan before stopping? Is it like 20, 200, or could you scan 500 pages for example?
Is the FlatPage 2.1 Digital Page Flattening included with this scanner on Amazon?
How long (in hrs) would you estimate it takes to become familiar with the scanning software for someone who is fairly computer savvy?
When will this product be available for Mac?
I have a macbook air (OSX 10.10.2) Is your software compatible at this time?
Can this product recognize foreign languages (e.g. Japanese and Korean) when converting into non-image documents?
does the scanner work for macs? I saw the announcement on 2013 that they will have a mac version. Well, 2015 is less than a month away
I bought one of these last January 2014 and the stand broke at the hinge, is there a warranty that would replace the stand?
Does it make copies?
Is this printer compatible with Windows 8.1?
does it worth with dell laptops
Will it work on my computer that has windows 7 professional?
is it compatible with windows xp professional?
Can it be made to work with a MacBookPRO with Yosemite 10.1?
Can this Desk Jet 1010 be used on a USB one CPU.
Will it work with Windows 7 os
Is it compatible with a Mac?
Does this printer have Piezo Printheads ?
Is this a pen or pencil? The add says it has an eraser.
what is the color. Red, pink, magenta?
What color ink does this pen have, blue or black?
Does this have black ink or blue ink?
does it have parallel or USB interface?
What's the difference between a 9 pin and a 24 pin printer?
Does this have a setup disk for the computer? My Panasonic's disk wouldn't work with my higher version of Windows and is now useless.
Does it have an internal Bluetooth which can communicate with mobile devices?
can it working at 220v?
Can you feed continous paper from the back, and also does it have paper feed tracks.
Does it work wirelessly
Does this work with Open Office?
will this work with quickbooks checks and windows 7 ?
Epson LX-350 Dot Matrix Printer - Monochrome IS THIS A WINDOWS 8?
DOES INK COME WITH THIS PRINTER?
Does it print envilopes
Is this printer mac compatible
Is this Bluetooth capable?
Is this a good printer for everyday b&amp;w document printing, or is it overkill? I don't intend to print photos.
What is the physical size. L W H
Does this printer fax?
How is the quality of the 4x6 photo prints (not a photo buff, just want regular good quality pics? Bulk printing (enough buffer memory)?
can i select use black ink only
How large are the prints I can make? The printer size does not determine that.
What is the height range of horizontal arm? That is how much can the monitor be moved up and down without adjusting position on the vertical pole?
Does this stand have the capability to hold a 15 pound, 29 inch monitor?
So i have a 29 inch ultra wide that i have been wanting to mount above my existing triple 24 inch monitors? will this mount go high enough to do so?
If the pole is 26'', in the extended position, it says the mounting plate can go to 39'' above the desk is that true?
I want to use this to place a 22" monitor above a 27" monitor. Will this mount get the center mounting plate to at least 26" above the desk clamp?
What is the height of the center pole?
Where can you purchase another monitor bracket to mount on this arm
what size monitors fit on the arm
Do you happen to know which VESA mounting sizes it supports? This didn't seem to appear in the description. Thanks very much.
Does the latest model have talking caller ID capabiity?
Does it have a voicemail indicator? Meaning does it show that you have received a voicemail thru your phone network, in this case, AT&amp;T?
What is the difference between this model 20406931 &amp; model 20407167?
How do I register the phone to the base?
Got one USED-LIKE NEW (Amazon Prime). Over 12 hrs charging STILL no display. Answering works fine. Hearing 2 tones ascending chromatically. Help?
how many numbers can be stored for speed calling
So, this item comes with just the base phone and answering machine, but no additional handsets, right? Where do you find the additional handsets?
Does it have call waiting?
What is the difference between this one and this http://www.amazon.com/SwissVoice-2040...
Can this phone be mounted on a wall?
How low can the bottom monitor be set? I'm hoping to configure so that the bottom edge of the lower monitor sits within an inch or so of the desk.
I have 2 ws 24 inch monitors. Is it possible to have the lower monitor in portrait mode and the top in landscape?
Can any appropriate sized monitor be mounted on these mounts? I have concerns about the type of mount. I have Dell monitors
Does base come off for surface mounting with nuts &amp; bolts?
Does this stand come with a desk clamp or does it only come with the base shown?
Can the top mount be lowered and rotated 180 degrees to support two monitors back to back? This would allow two desks to face each other.
Would it be okay to mount a 27" monitor on top and a 24" one on the bottom?
Can the top monitor be tilted downward? How is it having a second monitor overhead? I'm intrigued but not sure if I can get used to it.
using 2 -24 inch monitors, can the quad stand allow them to butt up against each other with no airspace between them in a flat horzontal position?
Will it balance if only the top monitor is installed? I need something taller than the typical desk mount because how my work area is set up.
Will this work in my canon MF4800 Series UFRII LT?
Have there been any compatibility issues with this cartridge and the imageCLASS D530?
is this good for a mf4700
Just making sure, If I have a MF4770n it will fit correct? I dont want to buy it, if it doesnt, even tho it mentions it does.
how many pages will this cartridge print?
number of copies
Can a 40" poster actually fit when the product is fully expanded? Or does the full 40" extension of the product only refer to the exterior dimensions?
How many posters can you fit in this tube? (36x24, printed on glossy paper)
Will it hold about 6 vinyl rollup chessboards measuring 21"long with a 3" diameter rolled up together?
Has anyone else experienced the (what I'll call jagged edges/rips) that Brian mentioned (on 1/8/15)? My papers are super thin/tear easily!
Would this product be sturdy enough to store and transport glass canes for lampworking?
Does the product come with any warranties? I need sturdy tubes to hold banners for travel and shipping.
Can Nozlen hold a poster of 14" x 24" x 1/16" thick?
How well does it stay in locking position? I dont want to it to pop out and slide back down on the poster.
What kind of plastic is this? I do not want PVC, since I will be storing old family documents in them.
I need a tube to store a vinyl product that is just under 3.5", what is the inside diameter of this tube? Or will the 4" come back in stock?
Are the rings attached to the spine or the back of the binders?
Are there 3 rings inside?
This are the same as the ones in the pictures right?
Where can I find the template for the spine and cover insert shown above?
Does it have a clear overlay on the front and back for paper insertion?
What does the inside look like? Are there slots for me to put papers in the inside overs? How many on each side?
How do these differ from the Wilson Jones W362-14W binders, other than that there are four instead of one?
Does this binder in fact have the clear overlay to allow an paper insertion?
Are they wide enough to fully cover sheet protectors?
What size is the outer vinyl size? If they are over 12" they will not fit in my cabinet.
Is there any particular advantage to this over an mp3 player with a narrated Bible loaded on it? You can get a pretty good one for the same price.
can you buy speaker for the speaking bible
is this rechargeable or do you relace batteries
Hi, If I want to llisten to a chapter or book of the Bible over and over, is there a way to repeat? Thanks.
How long does the battery last per session?
Who is the narrator
Does this take batteries? If so, what kind?
Will it print with only black ink only if the color cartridges run out of ink?
does it come with ink
is this compatable with windows 8.1?
Hi. Can someone please confirm that this printer will print double-sided jobs IN COLOR ? I noticed that some printers will offer double-sided printing in black (or grayscale) only. Thanks!
will it print from tablet or smart phone
can I send orders to print something wirelessly from my lap top to the printer and if so from how far away
What type of ink cartridges does this printer use?
Does this printer work with 3rd party cartridges / does this have an electronic chip inside the cartridge?
Does it print from android phone
How is the quality of the color printing?
can anyone describe whan the header means by "with Lip"
This came rolled up - how do you get it to flatten? Have been trying for 3 days now.
How wide is the 'tongue' portion of this floor mat?
Will this work well on tile floors?
is this mat the same thickness as a carpet style mat only without the spikes?
Does anyone have an issue with the mat slipping under their feed on hard floors?
Is the mat easily trimmable?
can use this for carpet floor?
The last mat I purchased had a sticker on it that I could not get off completely. Does this mat have a sticker that can be easily removed?
In our office we have a large expensive rug (11' x 13') that gets in the way of our office chair. Does this mat work for both wood and a low pile rug
Does this printer work with the 5C phone. If not, is there an adaptor to use it???
Can you use photo paper that is not in a cartridge?
is it compatible with the iphone 5s?
i cannot get it past connect your device - have tried all ways - any suggestions?
I have ruined 2 cartridges trying to make it work. Am I suppose to wind the film or not when I put it in?
just got one and having trouble printing it keeps telling me replace cartlidge.. what am i doing wrong.. i try fixing and still tells me?
just got one and having trouble printing it keeps telling me replace cartlidge.. what am i doing wrong.. i try fixing and still tells me?
is it compatible with iphone 6?
Do you need both VuPoint Cube All-In-One Ink and Photo Paper Cartridge AND the VuPoint Photo Cube Color Cartridge Ink to operate the Photo Printer?
Can you print various sizes, or just 4x6?
For this set, is the video camera on the doorbell adjustable? I saw that the Vtech IS741 video doorbell has a adjustable camera angle.
can you press a button to let someone in?
is the doorbell wireless?
Does this have a speaker phone?
does this device have an intercom function?
Are you able to have more than one camera hooked up, ie front door and back door camera with one phone system?
Can it be powered by replacing an existing doorbell, or does it still require a new A/C source?
Do any of the phones have an 3.5 jack? Can you "pair" a dect6.0("bluetooth style) headset to them? What is the purpose of the retro handset?
Is there a standard 2.5mm microphone socket for a wired headset?
Install and the image is in black and white, would appreciate, thanks
Will this paper fit in a Sharp XE-A206 cash register?
I have an ingenico itc250. My current rolls look similiar to these. I have to waste about a third of the roll to get it to fit.Will these work?
Can I use this with the FD130?
Does it have the stripe indicator when running low?
how much is outside diameter?
can i use this in ingenico-ict220
does this paper fit ingenico
this roll good for credit card machine ?
Will it work on the Verifone Vx510? If so, will this length fit in the machine without hanging out?
will it fit verifone model: vx520?
What is the shelf life/ expiration date/ use by date?
MFC J4110 DW printer (brand new) doesn't easily accept the cartridge with the thick plastic seal over the ink dispenser. It resists being pushed in.
Do these work with the MFC-J6520DW printer?
are all of these cartridges (B, C, Y, M) compatible with Brother MFC J450DW?
The black LC107 ink cartridges do not work with MFC-J6920DW. You should update the "Details" section to show that only the color LC103/105 work.
Can I purchase only yellow ink cartridges (lc103 - lc105) for brother mfc j6920dw
Waste of money? The B-LC107XXL was not recognized by my MFC-J4310DW! Should I have pulled the yellow vent seal AFTER inserting the cartridge?
will these work in brother mfc j6920dw printer
The seal is so hard to remove. Is there a recommended way to remove the seal?
Do these cartridges have chips so that the printer tells you when running low on ink?
The PC Magazine review says this output for this machine has sub-par photo quality and so-so graphics. Does anybody have feedback on this?
Can you lift up the top of the printer to reveal a flatbed so that it can copy a page from a book?
DOES IT COME WITH A FULL TONER CARTRIDGE
Will the MFC-9340CDW work with no telephone line connected? The installation instructions say that it needs to be. I don't need FAX, so I have no phone line for it.
Does this printer have a manual feed drawer for custom sized paper?
Has anyone ever tried to refill the toner cartridges as the video on youtube show?
How is the quality printing on photo paper?
What are the dimensions of the printer?
what type of cartridges does it take ?
How is the scanning?
Do i have to go into Verizon store to set or can i just put in my sim card? I have an account just going to upgrade
Can i switch to straight talk
Can I record videos with the front facing camera and do it support SD cards?
does need it data pack
Will this phone work with Page Plus Cellular? They use Verizon's Network.
Is this phone unlocked and can it be used on a PREPAID Verizon plan and account?
Can I use this phone with straight talk?
Is the picture to this phone accurate or is it the wrong picture because this dosnt look like the spectrum 2.
This phone is released and can operate in Venezuela?
Can I use this phone on my existing plan to replace my broken Spectrum 2?
Is it compatable with 2009 dodge challenger srt8?
bmw
Will the device work on GM cars and is all power denied to the device when switched off? Thanks
After you cut the tape does it drop down and stick to the roll again or does it stay up like a Scotch tape dispenser.
is the body(blue frame) metal or plastic? Are both sides of the tape wheel axle in slots or is one side in a hole ?
Does it accept 3" core diameter tape rolls?
Thanks for the above! Just bought it... I am also trying to find out if you can assign ring tones for specific callers - ie: kids, dr, etc.
headset
How and when are new phones added to the link2cell compatability list?
Does this unite have a jack in each of the units to plug a headset into?
Can you import the phone numbers in your cell phone via the bluetooth?
Do all headsets announce collar ID ?
Is it full duplex? Our KXTGA-931T is not and I hate that! If one person is speaking the other cannot interrupt and be heard. Leads to long monologue!
Will this phone system work with Verizon Home Phone Connect?
How can I make audio loud /
Does this phone have Caller ID for waiting calls?
Would this work to fashion a walking desk out of? i.e, pair with a treadmill (bottom only) and existing desk (to raise the desk)?
I test apps on tablets (without cases). Do you think this will hold 1-2 tablets (iPad, Tab S) and will the little lip thing cover the home button?
How short does this go (for use, not storage)? Been using a bed tray in bed and it's too high for good laptop ergonomics.
Will this work for an iPad in a case? Also will not accommodate a book?
Is the 01 large black stand the same width as the Black bundle
How tall does this stand? Can it be used as a standing desk tall enough on its own? I'm looking for something to take to events
Will this fit in the back seat of a car for a passenger to use with a MacBook Air?
What's the maximum weight this can hold? I'm wondering if it will support a 27" monitor (not sure of the weight yet but will find out)
What is the maximum inches it can be extended?
About how tall is this when the legs are fully extended?
Why does printer still say "toner low" after installing new cartridge?
If you are a person who counts your pages: How many pages are you getting from these EPS cartridges? If you don't count pages, please do not answer by saying "I don't know" because "I don't know" and similar replies just make Amazon think that the...
Does Toner 100 have a recycling program for the empty toner cartridges? I can't find any information regarding that.
Will the cartridge fit in a brother MFC 7860W? I see a 7860DW listed.
Has anyone tried these cartridges with a Brother MFC-7860DW printer? Results?
Can anyone using these cartridges with a Brother MFC-7860DW printer please comment on their satisfaction. Thanks.
What were your printing needs and its longevity? Lots of reviews were perfect after initial installation and first prints.
Can this be refilled? Does it have a reset gear?
Do these work with HL-2140 models? Only noted up to HL-2132 in the description.
Can you refill these? Does it have the reset gear?
Does it work with EPson WF3450?
whats the difference between non omeg
Does it work with Epson 3540?
I bought an EpsonWF-3520 at Sam's club last month. I read all the reviews and the item info but a 3520 isn't mentioned. Will this ink work for me?
Hello, is this compatible with the Epson WF-3540?
My Epson 3540 says that it doesn't reconize the yellow or blue cartridges. What do I do? HELP!!!
Picture looks like purple instead of brown. I want purple. Which is it?
Do these pens write on plastic without running?
Do you have the pack with purple, pink, aqua,etc?
Do these pens smear? And would they bleed through to the other side of a paper?
Can you use this with rice paper?
How wide is the tip on these pens?
Do you make/sell a converter to use bottle ink? If so how would I purchase the converter?
Can I get a replacement nib? If so, in a fine point?
Can this item be shipped to the UK, please?
Does this pen takes international standard cartridge?
What size is the nib? Broad, medium, fine?
I am still unclear about which size to purchase! I have a 17" laptop and I MUST have use of my mouse! Do I buy a mouse size or a large??? Help.
what is the difference between the sizes? (mouse, small and large?)
Can the laptop tray itself tilt in multiple angles as well? If so, is there a maximum angle?
How long is the warranty on this product?
Do you feel it would be sturdy enough to hold heavy college text books (about 3 inches thick) for fairly long periods of time while I am reading?
Is the lip on the end holding the laptop in place, padded on the top (where you would rest your wrists)?
Can I work on this thing while standing (putting this on my desk)? What's the max height you can get out of this?
Can I put this on my desk and work while standing?
What is the max height you can get out of it?
How high is the lip on the end that holds the laptop in place? I have a very thin laptop and don't want the lip to be higher than the keypad.
can it hold a 22inch monitor was thinking about suing it to hold my LED monitor to use ontop of my desk so i can stand while working
Is there a big difference between the Large Silver and Small Silver ones? I can't find any differentiating information in the product info.
how wide is it?
I have a 19" Dell Precision laptop. Will this stand accomadate it?
I am having issues with it taking cardstock. I have changed paper settings and everything else I can think of... Any suggestions?
Can this scan multiple pages at a time (not have to feed in 1 page at a time) ?
DOES THE PRINTER COME WITH TONER ALREADY?
Can it print on standard envelopes?
when this printer manufactured and is this the latest as far as the model in these series
Does this have a manual paper feed slot? How does it handle letter-sized envelopes, small-pack printable labels, or other oddball papers?
Is this printer, Samsung c460fw compatible with Windows 8.1?
hello, this includes the toner, or the price it's just for the printer???
Is It Windows Terminal Compatible?
Does it come with a USB cable and how long is it?
Will this print with just a black cartridge, or do I have to buy all 4?
can i print envelope?
If a color toner is low will it still print in black and white?
Does this come with cartridges?
will this printer work well with laser 1 opaque transfer paper???
does it copy
Will my printer connect to my Samsung tablet?
How can I check how much toner is remaining on my Mac? When I try to check the level like my other printers, it says, "Information Not Available".
what does "starter toner" mean? Is it a full set of toners?
Can you print from other computersIin addition to samsung tablets and smartphones?
are these the ink cartridges for Canon Pixma MG5220 series printer
Exactly what is a remanufactured cartridge?
does this come with the chip
Do these cartridges work for MG5300
Do these cartridges activate the "empty" message and lights from printer?
will it work on Canon MX880 and MX890 printers?
Hi I ordered these for my MX712. Yet none of them work, the printer says empty and I print blank pages. Any ideas?
anyone know if this exact ink is available in 5 pack? not planning on keeping the printer that long and don't print much
Will these work in a Pixma MG8120B?
is it compatible with Canon pixma MG 5320?
I have an epson WF 3540, will these cartridges work with that one too? I was wondering because it was not listed.
Are these cartridges all high yield? I know that 126 is the high yield number for my printer but it does not say it anywhere on the description
Has anyone tried this ink with an Epson NX430? According to other reviews not all generics work in the NX430...
Is this filled with dye or pigment ink?
I use 126 cartridges but my printer isn't listed in your description. I have a epson WF-3450. Will it work in that?
Will these Cartridges work with WF3520?
Anyone with Epson Workforce 545 using this cartridge?
I bought these and my printer recognizes that they are not "official Epsom" ink....is there any way around this?
Will these work on the Epson WF-3540?
I'm confused about the size. For years, it has been 0.3 x 7.4 x 9.1 inches. Has it changed? Product Specs for 2014 say it is the same and description says page size is 6.88 x 8.75 inch, which seems same as before. But then description says...
What is the correct size of this book This what I'm looking for At-A-Glance 2014 Weekly Academic Appointment Book, 6 7/8" x 8 3/4", Black
is this for 2014? thanks.
Does this product come with the Casio Graphing software for Windows (that essentially emulates the calculator on a computer)?
What are differences between fxcp400 and fx-cp400-l?
I'm having hard time choosing between HP-Prime and FX-CP400. I really like this calculator but i think they could have a done something better than AAA batteries. I wonder if it also comes with Li rechargeable batteries? Also is it made in China?
help me to decide, this or ti nspire cx cas?
Is this a CAS calculator? Is there a list of functions somewhere?
I have a TI 89 Titanium. I find the screen difficult to read. Often I must use a magnifying glass. Is this Casio FX-CP400-L easier to read?
help me to decide, this or ti nspire cx cas?
Which calculator is better the Casio FX-CP400 or the Texas Instruments Nspire CX CAS?
Would this calculator be suitable for someone teaching themself calculus, or would its capabilites be wasted outside of an academic setting?
I don't find the product name "Casio FX-CP400-L" in the CASIO website, Is this product the same as Graphing ClassPad fx-CP400? Does it has CAS ?
Is the recycled paper white or off-white?
where is it shipped from
are the months tabbed for easy access
how high is the top step? I have 10' ceilings &amp; am fairly short?
How much does this ladder actually weigh?
Are the steps as narrow as they appear in the picture? Is the top 'step' for standing on or for holding something like paint? Thanks.
how thick is this when it is closed?
How many lbs will this ladder hold?
what weight does it support
what is it made out of metal or plastic?
What material are the steps made from? Plastic? Rubber?
Does anyone have the exact dimensions of this stool when folded? I see the 2.5" (D) by 47.6"(H) but I need the width. Thanks.
What is the dimension of the depth of the ladder when folded?
what is the height of the tallest step
How much weight will this stool hold?
How tall is this stool?
Where is this step stool made(country of origin)? Thanks in advance for your feedback!
Storage is a big issue for me. Does this fold flat ?
what is the measurement from the front leg to the back leg when opened?
Does it fold?
how much does it weigh?
Is there a weight restriction on this step stool?
Is it sturdy and comfortable working from the bottom step? Seems like it'd be too narrow.
What is the difference between Pad-20 and Pad-30?
does this fit standard letter size pad in the USA?
Does this work with a Kindle Fire HDX?
Is there a clip at the right side top to hold the paper?
Does it come with the paper?
Does this padfolio come with the California Prop. 65 warning label?
Will this hold a Rhodia #18 pad?
Can I add a planner/calendar to this? If so, how does it hold it and what brand/model of calendar/planner should I purchase?
Is this a padded portfolio pad? The padding bugs me, but this one looks nice... Thanks for any help
Will this padfolio lay flat right out of the box, or will it take some breaking in?
Could you fold the portfolio to write on it?
I just received the shipment today but inside the padfolio there are no elastic accessory (the blue and yellow thing in the picture) whatsoever?
How well does it lay flat when it is open? Also, how many pockets does it have to put folders in? Thanks.
How would this hold up to say being used in a semi rough environment? (Gun Range) Getting tossed around a bit and possibly some dirt and gun oil
Is there a pocket on both sides for the removable binder or can it only fit on the right hand side?
Is the exterior soft or "stiff"? Can I fold it over to write on the pad in my lap easily?.
How deep is it? I need something apx 2" deep. Do you have anything that meets that requirement
What material is the outside made of? Faux leather or fabric? How does it feel? I have the PAD-30 and love the feeling but need more space
How does the removable 3 ring binder work? Does it just slide out, and if so, do you lose any of the stiffness when you remove it?
Can I fit a 9x12 steno pad wired at the top into this instead of a legal pad? Would it be too wide and/or would the flap get in the way?
I have tile floors (12" tiles) , which means, in essence, uneven floor surface (grout). Any idea on whether this would roll without a bumpy ride?
How confortable is the seat?
Would someone please put the chair in the lowest position and actually measure from floor to the bottom of the seat? Hard to believe it's 19.3 inches.
I would like to know measurements ... height, depth, width. Also, if one buys and office chair, is their any in home assembly assistance available?
How stiff is the tilt tension? I'm about 150lbs, will this tilt easily and stay tilted back or does it require constant pressure to stay tilted back?
From the series of pictures, it appears that the back can be tilted with the seat staying flat and then it can tilt the back and seat as a unit. True?
I need an office chair that sits above the desk. Like in the piano position. That is proper seat height for your computer. What is true seat height?
Hi - can someone comment on the longevity of the bonded leather surface? I'd like to know if it holds up and is comfortable after time (1 year?) Thx
How much of an angle would you say the seat (not the back) reclines? From the picture looks like the second lever?
I would like to use this chair at counter height. What is the maximum height for this chair?
Can you choose to recline between the 90 degree and 165 degree angle? I am looking for a chair that I can adjust at several locations between angles
how does the footrest fold away and pull out
How easy is it to recline? Does it take effort? I plan to use this as desk chair (like when watching movie on a PC), not for resting long periods.
What are the actual dimensions of the chair? Width, depth, and overall height? I can't seem to find that on the description. Thanks.
What is the depth of the seat?
Can the nylon casters on the chair be replaced with casters for hardwood floors, such as Rolland chair casters advertised on Amazon?
How high is chair back from seat in inches? Would a 6' 2" person be able to rest their head on the back w/o having to slide down into the seat?
Hi. Can this chair be assembled without the arms?
Is the leather showing any wear? Since it's fake leather, did the chair smell of chemicals when you bought it? Thank you very much!!
Is the seat level or does it slant forward?
Is the seat height suitable for someone 5ft 3"? What is the seat height (seat to floor)?
what makes it recliner? is there a photo?
What is the range of adjustment on the seat height?
do the arms move up and out of the way?
What are the dimensions of the seat itself...the cushion. I am looking for a cover for it.
Does it recline a lot? I am a sloucher and looking for a chair I can lean back and slouch in.
Are the arms removalable?
I work remotely from home and spend 9 hours M-F in a chair + several hours after work as well. Does anyone else use this chair heavily? How is it?
Does the chair tilt forward at all or only backwards? Also is the lumbar support adjustable?
Do the arms pivot inwards?
Anyone have an updated review [after 6 months ownership]? How does it compare to, "High Back Super Mesh Office Chair with Black...LF-W42-L-HR-GG" ?
is this made in China?
Will this chair fit for someone who is 6' tall?
What colour is this chair?
Is the seat covering fabric or vinyl?
What is the measurement from the seat of the chair to the top of it? (to take into account neck support)
Are the armrests hard or soft?
Do the USB fans shut off automatically when the laptop is closed or shutdown or do you have to unplug the cable every time? Thank you!
How do you feel this would work for use of reading heavier text books? Would it be sturdy enough to hold books around 3 inches thick?
what are the inside measurments for this??
where can I find the spare cable? Mine is malfuntioning
How high is it when fully extended?
can I use it for xp-310?
can you mix match with epson ink cartridges
Good evening I am of venezuela these cassettes are compatible with an epson xp-410 I need that me envie the photo of the chip p&agrave;ra to insure myself wi
work for xp 201, dont have a problem?, how many reset support?
It wanted to know if it serves for a printer epson xp-410 cartuchos 200xl
can it be used as a standalone monochrome printer
Hello, can I scan multiple pages at once using the tray on top, instead of the flatbed scanner? Thank (It is somewhat hard to guess from the pictures)
Does it work with Windows 8?
Does this scan wirelessly?
Is this compatible with windows 8 and 8.1
Can you open up the lid to the glass and lay an open book on it to scan a page?
what type of ink
I needed to know if this does Multiple Page Scanning up to 30 pages ?
how are the ink prices compared to other printers?
Are the inks waterproof? what happens when a printed page gets wet?
I want the two page monthly tabs - January 2015-December 2015???
Size?
what size is the Pocket Blooms two-page monthly calendar refills?
what are the dimensions
can you have one portrait and the others landscape?
can you have 2 - 27" in portrait and one 24" in landscape in the middle ?
Now I have one of these stands. However, the left monitor is sagging half an inch more than the rest. The right and center are ok. Suggestions?
Would this mount fit two 32inch samsung tvs? Samsung UN32F5500 32-Inch 1080p 60Hz Slim Smart LED HDTV (2013 Model)
Can someone explain how the stand can hold so much weight without falling forward?
Can the mounts on the stands pivot (to rotate the monitor between landscape and portrait), or must the VESA mount be unscrewed and reinst to pivot?
Maybe a silly question, is there a clamp on the base or do I have to drill a hole through the desk to keep it secure?
is this VESA 100mm?
can i use two 24 inch and one 27 inch monitor?
Can anyone say how close together the vesa mounts can go (center to center). I'd like to use this with one 24" monitor and two 17" without a gap
Are the tags small enough to fit on a pair of eyeglasses? Those are what I'm always losing.
Does this work for cell phones?
how many tags are included with the purchase? also, what is the cost of ordering additional tags and batteries?
Are the tags small enough to fit on a pair of eyeglasses? Those are what I'm always losing.
I wonder what the actual beep sounds like.
Do you think this might work on the harness of a black cat who has the tendency to find new hiding places in our Motorhome thus delaying our travels
Can I print labels in different languages like Chinese
Does anyone know how to keep it from wasting 1 inch of tape everytime I print out a 1 1/2 inch label?
considering the PT-P700 to print hundreds of mailbox numbers to be affixed to outside mailboxes. Good idea or bad idea? If ok idea, which tape? R
Will this run on both Windows XP and on Windows 8.1?
How many lines of text can you print on a label? I have a portable p-touch that allow a maximum of 3. I need 5. Thanks
Can it use on 220V AC?
what is the number for the replacement label tape?
Are any labels included with this product?
Has anyone tried the old TZ series tapes in this? I have several left from an older model and would like to use them. TZe vs TZ type?
How easy/hard is it to switch out tapes? I will need to use clear/white, and different sizes depending on needs. Is that doable?
What sixe water bottle works best with these labels?
Is there any software template included? If not, what is the best way to print?
are these waterproof?
Are these still water resistant when used with an inkjet printer?
Did they work well in cooler of ice? Or did you just set them out?
How do they hold up on ice? Do the labels stay on pretty well without getting soggy?
Does this work on bottles that are wet? Thanks!
Does this have a monthly page as well?
Does it have a 2-page calendar of each month in addition to the weekly 2 page spread?
Is this for 2014?
Does it come with the ink cartridges?
does it have a rear feeder
I want to scan only (with no ink cartridges) but can't get it to function. Any ideas?
can you use this with 220v
is this compatable with Windows 8?
Is it all wireless? I don't use a land line any more.
will this printer work with a hot spot ?
what kind of ink cartages does it use? individual inks or one for all colors?
is it available in other colors?
is this a genuine at-a-glance fine diary
Understand this is a 2014 diary. You have some being sold at $5.99 and, when you click on '4 new from $5.99', you also show some at $9.99. Why?
Why is January 1st on a Monday? In 2014, January 1st is a Wednesday.
Is this a 2014 diary?
What exactly is included withe scanner/wand. Is there a stand, if not, where can I get one? What type battery is required? What cables are Included?Th
OCR?
Does it work for MacBook Pros?
Is there software included to "stitch" together multiple scans of large documents or pictures?
Can it scan documents directly to pdf format?
what color is this scanner please? Thank you
Can it scan uneven flat texture such as floor and wall texture?
Will it work on 220v power ?
Will this work on windows 8
I'm looking for a low cost way of scanning large documents like blueprints. Will this work for large format projects?
How strong is the adhesive and holding capability? Will it be able to hold an action figure box on a thumb tack in a wall?
Will this fit on my vehicle's rearview mirror?
How many tabs are included in this item?
Now that the container dimensions are established, what are the dimensions of the actual map itself when it is out of the container and laid flat?
It has the dimensions as 2x2x13 inches. These can't be the dimensions right? That would be the size of like a thick ruler
can you scratch each state of individually in the travel edition?
DOES THIS WORK WITH THE XP 610
Are these cartridges all XL?
It appears to have 2 XL Black and 2 regular Black. So no Photo Black. Is that correct?
I already bought a set and it works very well. Are these cartridges reffilable? Thanks
Has anyone successfully used these Pritner-Mate ink cartridges in a Canon Expression Premium XP-810 printer?
Are these also good for the Epson XP-610? Thanks for the help!
Hi, I have just changed the PBK cartridge on my XP-600 and I receive an incompatibility error message. Is there a way to make it work?
do i need a chip resetter?
Just replaced the main black tank in the XP-810. Got a warning that it is not Epson but seemed to install fine. Will not show ink level though. Any fi
Is this compatible with Epson XP-810 ?
Will these cartridges work on Epson XP-620?
have xp610, can I use the XL ink?
I have an Epson XP 820. Does anybody know if these cartridges will work in the 820?
Do these cartridges require the purchase of a chip re-setter or has anyone used software successfully to match new cartridge with printer? Thank you:)
Has anyone used these on the Epson 810?
do these word with the XP 810?
Is this pad plastic or aluminum/metal?
Since this pad is so large,would it be possible to cut it to the size needed?
Do mouses with optical sensors (3090, 3310) track well on this device? Is there slight jitter? Please don't answer this if you do not fully understand this question or the distinction between what is commonly refereed to as an optical sensor (3090,...
Does this mouse pad work well for the G602 Mouse? I have seen answers regarding others but not this one.
Does the mouse pad make noise when sliding the mouse around?
Is it for high DPI or for high sensitivity? I play with a high 12000 dpi on my g502 but I compensate for it with in game sensitivity
Does this mouse pad have any sort of padding underneath the hard surface?
Can somebody confirm that this mouse pad is 1.6" thick?
Will this surface workk well with the death adder 2013? or will I be wasting my money, I am about to buy the corsair mm200 wide or the QcK mass
When does this thing come out?
What are the dimensions of this item? Thanks for your reply. =)
Would this work with a Samsung Note Pro 12.2 inch tablet?
Will it work with a Samsung Galaxy ta?blet
Would my iPad Air fit in the compartment with its Survivor case on it or will it only fit a "naked" tablet?
Does it have a smooth surface so it can be used with paper and pen?
can you adjust the viewing angle at all?
Can you also use laptops with it?
is the paper lined
Is that a pentagram, or is the book upside down? From looking at the binding, it appears to be upside down.. Just making sure one way or the other..
what size is this?
Is the leather soft and flexible?
I want to know if I can replace the pages with an inside paper notebook after I use the original papers. Is the paper removable so I can add more pap
How many pages can I print?
Is it compatible with MF 4700 printer ?
Is this cartridge compatible with a D530/d560? Also, R these starter cartridges? Thanks
What is the shelf life of the cartridge before it has to be used?
I would like to order the two pack but am not sure if I would use them both in two years. Would it still be under warranty past the two years?
The 'toner low' error message prevents my printer from going into energy saver mode. Does the 'not authentic cartridge' error message do the same?
Is this just the ink -- or do these also include a new drum ??? thnx!!!
Is this compatible with canon mf8280
Is it Compatibility for CANON MF4800 ?
The OEM Canon 128 cartridge replaces the toner, drum, and development in a single cartridge. Do these replace the drum and development also?
Can you pair the scanner to work with 2 different iPads at the same time?
Please Help! our computers at work are very old and don't have bluetooth but we do have wireless internet, this scanner works with wireless internet?
I have paired the Inateck bcst-10 with my android 2.3 phone but it will not connect.. What am I missing??
Does it support Code39? After each scan I would like a "TAB" instead of an "ENTER". Can we change this option? Can we use it with Kindle Fire? Thank
Is there a way to swap between the on-screen keyboard and the device when using an Android tablet or phone? The double-click doesn't work on Android.
I am new to scanning products for inventory tracking and this devise only comes with set up instructions, Can anyone tell me how to use it?
I am using ipad. Can i use onscreen keyboard and the scanner at same time?
What is the warranty of this scanner?
What bluetooth adapter (receiver) is recommended?
Has the issue with the magnets been fixed? Some reviews say it has and others say it has not.
is the keyboard backlit
can the case be closed comfortably without scratching the screen while both the tablet and keyboard are inside?
Is the keyboard detachable and is the stylus left open for easy access with the case on
Does this case have the feature that puts the tablet to sleep when closed?
How do you check the battery level of the keyboard? Or it is not possible?
is there a hand strap on the back?
Is the keyboard backlit? If so, what color?
Is the detachable keyboard in its own leather sleeve? And can that sleeve be removed?
need to know if fits the Samsung galaxy tablet model no is smt3100zwyxar also does ithave a charger or do you charge with the case on tablet thank a lot dee
does it have a stand
will the keyboard scratch the screen when closed
My keyboard will no longer connect with the tablet. Am I missing something, or is this keyboard faulty?
Is this compatible with the Samsung Galaxy 3 8" tablet?
Can you charge the tablet from the keyboard?
does the keyboard connect with galaxy note 8 if it is only 'wifi', or does it need to have the cell phone option too in order to connect via bluetooth
Has the magnetic field that has been reported causing problem removed from the unit and replace with non-magnetic?
how long does the note 8 battery last?
does it tilt
Would this be compatible with the Dell venue pro 8 in tablet....they are very similar in size.
What is the image format? JPG? TIF?
What is the largest size document Doxie Flip scans? Specifically, 8.5"x11" size?
Will Doxie Flip work with a microsoft tablet or computer?
What is the maximum size SD card it can use?
How is this different from the "FlipPal" scanner?
how does this compare this with a wand-style scanner?
2 questions, what is the size of the flatbed? the other question is does it scan at 600dip or higher?
Why does the Doxie Flip look just like the Flip-Pal but have a different name? Are they made by the same company? Tell me why I should buy the Doxie F
What is the maximum DPI?
How long does it take to scan a 4 x 6 photo? It would appear that the doxie go can scan pictures a lot faster then a flat bed scanner.
does it come in white?
Can the camera be set outdoors at all?
How much space on the SD card does it take up for 12hrs of continuous recording? Is audio also captured?
Is the printed ribbon washable? Could you put it in a shirt or use as a sewn in/on tag on handmade gifts?
Can you print regular labels using the appropriate label cartridges or does this machine only work with the ribbon cartridges?
can you use other store bought 1/2" ribbons to use withis printer? or you have to supply from your ribbobs inventory? thanks
Does the ribbon come in different widths?
Is there a list of set of examples of the fonts? Is there a way I can use my own fonts?
I want to repeat an eight word tag line on spools of satin or velvet ribbon. Will this machine do the job
Can this kit machine take a mains adapter (lead with plug) power supply?
Could you use this machine with a UK (British) plug adaptor? If so, what's the max/min voltage/current requirement?
what the max of printed ribbons this product can do
I want to use this for bow making and also for labels for my hand made items in my Etsy Shop. Is the ink and ribbon cartridge all one piece?
Is this really just a cheap(ly made) little table that sits on top of a table that's already owned?
Anyone using a dual monitor stand? Any stability issues? Is weight rating true to the 75lbs?
How long does it take to move the stand up and down, so that I can alternate between sitting and standing?
Will two 23 inch monitors fit on this?
Does this include the monitor mounts/stands that are in the pictures?
I'm looking to raise my monitors up so I can use a treadmill while working. Any one use a treadmill with this?
Seems that with a 22" depth, the monitor(s) would be too close to the eyes. Is this a factor?
What if you want to sit for a while? Once this is up, is there any way to do that?
My desk is 19.5" x 53.5". Will this fit on my desk? I know the top is larger than my desk but what is span of the legs?
curious whether anyone considered the Ikea Galant series? They appear to offer more surface area, similar build at lower $$
I know its ideally for 2x24 inch monitors but would I be able to fit a 27" and then a 21" instead? Surely the math of that makes sense?!
Does this allow you to pivot your monitors vertically, similar to the pivoting the U2412m can do on the stock stand?
Would this work with a Mac? I want to use this but not sure if its capable of running with a Mac.
Would this work with a Mac? I want to use this but not sure if its capable of running with a Mac.
Would this work with a Mac? I want to use this but not sure if its capable of running with a Mac.
Will a port replicator fit inside the U base?
Are you quoting dimensions with packaging? What are the actual dimensions of the U-shaped base and the max height of the top of the vesa mount?
So the width of the base is 31.10 from either side of the U? Also, 8.5" to the top of the vesa mount? That is not very tall. Does it go any higher
Can anyone tell me what the width of the stand base is, and also the maximum height of the monitors?
I need my Logo printed horizontal on the flag how do we get started?
Where do i put what we want on the flag?
Can the design be made with reflective material that can be seen at night?
Can you read the ad from both sides of the flag? If not are you able to make a double sided flag and what would the price be?
Is it possible to get a mock up or proof picture of how it would look before purchasing?
Is the Shipping to Hawaii (zipcode 96704) the same price as listed?
its printed on one side, so does it show thru clearly on both sides.
I already have 15 feet banner/poles but would like to have the option to change just the banners depending on the event, do you do just banners?
my event is on the beach, is the ground spike ideal for sand? will it hold up to the wind? usually about 15mph winds.
comes with the LED driver?
I would like to install a light under my daughter's loft bed I am building. What is the clearance needed in the ceiling for this light?
Is this IC rated
dimmable ?
how do you mount to ceiling? do I need other fixture? or just drill a hole and clip it to the drywall? Can you send me a installation picture showing it mounted on drywall ceiling?
are the legs adjustable; are they sturdy?
Does it really ship in two days and is it a good buy?
Do the legs fold under the top for storage? Are the legs adjustable? Is this a sturdy table?
Will it scan 2-1/4 medium format mounted slides? I don't think it has a 2-1/4 holder, but neither does an older scanner I have and it works fine.
Will this scanner work with Mac OS 10.9?
Can you place four 4x6 pictures on the scanner and have it scan to 4 image files automatically rather than doing them one at a time?
Will it scan slides to a TIFF format or is it just JPEG?
Can this scanner scan negatives in other sizes besides 35mm? I have many old negatives from my parents/grandparents (pre 1960) in a variety of sizes.
Does the Epson Perfection V550 support Digital Ice Technology for both( film and prints ) or only for film? V600 supports both film and print.
Is the v600 the upgrade or never model of the V550? Can't decide which one to get. I do want the latest model.
scanner bed dimensions?
If you line up photos along the edge (like notmal) do you miss any of the photo in the scan? The CanoScans are notorious for that.
Does it scan panoramic 120 negatives (i.e.: 6x18)?
do you need a computer to set it up
I don't understand what this phrase means: "...you can choose or PORT your phone number." Thank you!
Does basic talk work with fax machines
does it work with more than one phone? or I need more than one box? also, does the box have to be close to the computer
If I purchase this do I call my landline phone company to cancel their service after setup? What if I want to transfer my old phone number?
What are the cons to BasicTalk? Certainly there is something as nothing is perfect.
went to basic talk website-read if u lose power -no electricity-router thus dead -then your 911 will not work -not real secure with that -is it true -which is it ?
Will my security system be able to use the phone line to call out to the central station
instructions says to press a button that isn't on the box
If BasicTalk is used for LD, while still keeping internet/local phone, is there a way to disable the voicemail feature, or alt/setting # rings higher?
what is the size of this printer?
what comes in the box?
Are there compatible ink cartridges for this printer? I cannot find it on Amazon site. The original Canon ink cartridge is expensive.
If you've had printer for a while, how long (approx.) do cartridges last? Can you print just "black"-no color? TY
Can this printer/copier be used independently without a computer?
I just hooked mine up to the computer but canNOT figure out how the scanner works? Can anyone explain to me in plain, simple English?
Do the color ink cartridges need to be full or installed to make a black and white copy?
I have read reviews on this item, stating that the printer comes WITH usb connector, and review saying WITHOUT. Can someone give me a definite answer?
Is this compatible with Windows 8.1?
what size ink cartrages
Can this printer print in gray scale or black and white only as a setting selection? Can it print in economy mode to reduce ink usage?
If the color ink runs out will it still print in black and white if there is black ink?
Is the paper supply stored completely inside the machine, out of site??? If not, where does the paper stick out??
Does the printer have to be compatiable to a certain computer?
dose this come with ink or do you have to purchase separately
Is this an inkjet or a laser printer?
does this come with power cord?
does it have a scanner
What is the difference between the canon pixma mg3522 and the canon pixma mg3520?
Will it print #10 envelopes? What is paper tray capacity?
mac compatibility?
does the canon pixma mg3520 print only from the cloud?
Will it print from your laptop or computer.
HOW IS IT REAL Built-In Auto Duplex Printing: Automatically print on both sides of the page without the hassle of turning it over manually. NO WHERE
IS THIS machine copy 2 side paper ? how do i do copy 2 side for regular paper document ? please help me. it's so frustrating nothing mention ?. HOW?
does it come with ink cartridges, black and white and color?
can i print doc or do i have to print photos
If the color ink runs out, can I still print with black ink? I only need black and white docs.
One comment says that this printer will only scan if directly connected to the computer. It won't scan if accessed via WiFi. Is this true?
do i need black and color ink priner have a fax
Can the angle/position of the knee pad adjust separately from the angle of the seat?
Is it possible to ship it to Sweden? how much would that cost then?
Which type of fabric is this? Fame, or one of the others?
has anyone tried to refill the cartilage?
Does the price include all necessary cables?
Will this MFC-J475DW work with Windows Vista Home Professional and Windows 8?
Hello Everybody! Will this machine do duplex scanning? How many trays does it have? Thanks much for your time.
How do I shut off the automatic cleaning cycle? I don't print very often, but have gone through multiple ink cartridges because of this process.
It will not let me use the scan function because the yellow ink is empty. Does anyone know a way around this (besides buying more ink)?
Has anyone tried printing photos with the MFC-J475DW and if so, what kind of photo paper was used? Thanks, Yaz
Does it automatically wake-up from sleep or required to press the on/off button when printing? My laptop says offline all the time with older brother
will this print from a tablet or cell phone?
does it have a document feeder
Will my parents in China pay any fee if I use this card to call them?
Is the email to give me the calling card sent to my email of my Amazon accouont?
can i use this card from any phone. an internet phone or standard phone-i do not have a smart phone.
Does the card have an expiration date?
can this be used for calls from china to USA?
Are there any access numbers for Puerto Rico?
Since it doesn't have a1-800 #, will the access # be considered a long-distance dialing?
Is there an expiration date for this?
can people in china use this card for calls from china to USA? and same rate $0.02 min?
please explain *China Landline &amp; Mobile 2&cent; = 1000 Minutes is that .02 a min. for 1000 mins .02x1000 = $20.00
I bought this ink for sublimation on my epson wf7510 and the colors after subimation is very dull....need profile for better colors PLEASE.....
Can I switch from this Sub Ink to another Sub Ink to vise versa?
can you use on wp4020 espen inkjet printer
can this ink be used in an Epson WF7610?
Hello, will this ink work with Epson WorkForce WF-7110?
will this work with epson wf7110?
Hi , Can I use it on epson t 22 printer? Tks
I am wondering how long I can store the sublimation ink before using? (shelf life)
Hello, do you have an ICC profile for an epson wf7510? The colors are still a little dull after pressing
How many are in the box?
will the cartridges work in a epson WF-2540?
How much more ink does the XL have versus the standard?
how to install ?
will these cartridges work with Epson xp 410?
will these work on a epson wf4630
Does this set fit the xp-410?
epson xp-410 - which is best ink cartridge - 200xl?
will the cartridge work for epson xp310?
will this work in a XP-400 Epson printer?
does this printer come with any ink cartridges?
Are the 2540 and the 2542 basically the same computer?
Can this printer run via USB rather than wireless?
Can I use this printer with an ipad?
does it work with Apple computers?
how loud is it ?
is this printer an ink hog?
Do both ink cartridges have to have ink if you are only printing black and white?
Is there a way to determine how much ink is remaining?
does it ship with ink?
is it a laser printer?
can you scan multiple pages
Is it an Ink hog? How is ink consumption?
what does it come with from the factory, ink, paper, etc?
How is this printer for printing pictures?
can you print transparencies?
Why my print don't relieve fax from other people?it rang,later shows relieve failed.also can not find any thing in memory.help find out please.
What type of router do I have to use in order to use the (HP 4630) printer wireless
Will the ADF scan both sides of each page of a multi-page document in the correct order without requiring the user to flip the pages?
Will the printer support an USB connection if needed?
will this card allow alls from and to Ghana
Anyone know the rate from USA verizon mobile to Australian mobile phone?
How much will it cost to call the United States from Dominican Republic?
Can I call South Africa from the USA
Does the rate change for in state calls? Many cards charge three times the rate for in state.
how long until you can use
Can I call USA from the Dominican Republic, Zurich, and central Italy to call the US with this card? Can you recap the rates to do each?
Will it work on calls from Alaska into Canada?
does it have access number in 562 area code.
what local access numbers do you have for area code 719
I purchased this, but it did not come with a manual. Is there a place to download it? I need it for setup.
How often do data has to be downloaded? Can it be done once a week when payroll I'd done? Or has to be done daily?
Does this support ID numbers, or does it only read fingerprints?
Does this machine calculate total hours per employee?
How do I password protect the settings? I saw that only an administrator can change the settings, but it does not require a person to log in first
How can I download the information to my computer? Because when i try to do it, it says file error
So, if you use your fingerprint how do you Identify who it belongs to?
Mine is not registering the fingerprint. It asks for first finger print, but nothing happens?
Could it work with battery support?. Energy is sometimes down in the nights, it would loose the data?
Could it work with battery support?. Energy is sometimes down in the nights, it would loose the data?
Info for this product states it comes with the drill in the details of the product. 1 review said it broke, others said it's missing? PLZ,PLZ HELP:)
How many Free Syringes come with this product? Ink Dynasty 400ML UV Resistant Dye Ink Refill Kit for Refillable cartridge Canon Pixma MG3220
if these ink suit for Canon MX452?
does this really works for canon pixma mg3220?
INSTRUCTION IN HOW USE PUT INK IN INK CARTRIDGE
is the bullet head a replica, yes or no
How long will it take to ship with and without engraving?
How do I get it engraved when ordering from Amazon?
How many letters can you engrave into the wood?
Why does the ad here say it was made by Bolt Bullet Pen, but the sales link goes to Bornfriend's Fine Pens and Pen Kits..?
What size ink cartridge does it use and how many characters can fit nicely on the wood?
Do you sell a lot of these on amazon? I need to start selling my pens faster thank you.
when scanning, does it scan both sides of paper at the same time? or does it mechanically flip the paper to scan the other side?
Can this be used as a copier only? Do not need faxing scanning or printing.
does it have a legal size platen?
I have bought two multifunction machines, fax, print and scan and copy but have returned both.....When I try to use with Yosemite it says no go?
Does it handle cheap, flimsy bond (copier) paper without jamming?
Does this USD 279,9 price contain the initial toner for the unit?
can MF6160dw receive faxes to email over network (wireless or ethernet)?
With Chinese menu?
When printing envelopes, do they exit from the front where you put them in or do they exit the back of the machine?
does the Cannon MF6160dw work with a distinctive ring fax line? And does it print and fax with legal size paper?
Can it refill Canon iP2702 ink?
Canon huh ? Would this not work on ANY Printer? Say....an HP? Cant see how Ink would need to be compatible.
Will it refill a Canon PG 210 XL cartridge?
Can it refill pg445 black cartridge?
It is will bring it a diffferent colors ink like to see it at on these pictures? Like Black, Red, Yellow, Colors?
I have a printer and it's Canon MG3200 Series and does it is will works with on this one before I buy it? Please Respond me right back ASAP!!!!
I understand your product comes with the refill syringe and the rubber stopper remover, however, I have the PG 240XL cartridge and I keep reading about a hole driller. Is that tool included in this kit??? It's my first time refilling this type of...
does it come with the instructions
does it include the ink?
Is the Brother MFC J875dw the same printer as the Brother MFC J870dw? If not ...what's the difference between the two?
MFC J875dw: Does this print directly on a cd/dvd disc OR does it print on a cd/dvd label? Thanks
Does this printer print envelopes?
DOES IT COME WITH A MANUAL
does lid need to be open to insert usb cord?
Is this an updated version of the JF870DW? I have heard of many issues for JF870DW regarding paper jam.. do you find the same issue with jFJ875
DOES IT COME WITH INSTALLATION INK
can this be used as a sublimation printer?
my fax doesn't work on wireless printer MFC-J875DW
Can the Brother MFC-J876DW duplex scan using the automatic document feeder? (double sided original to double sided copy)
If I ordered about 100 of these several with several weeks notice would I be able to choose the colors?
I want to order the assorted 5 pack of aluminum aluma hard case wallet. Will I receive all 5 colors in my order as displayed in image?
Can you put a logo on the wallets?
What is the size of the wallets? Looking for 4 x 3
I just place my order on this. Can i get all of them different colors please. Thanks
what are the dimensions of one of these "wallets"?
hi, I would like 30 units, I can pick the colors or not?
Seller - Title and picture shows 4 cartridges - description and some customers say its only the 3 color ones - WHICH IS IT?
Will these cartridges fit/work with an MFC-J875DW?
What does "high yield" really mean? Can't find volume anywhere, on box or package.
Are these cartridges compatible with MFC-J470DW?
Can rhe individual cartridges be used separately as the old ones run out?
tHE Color quality was horrible. Maybe you all should throw away the Feb batch.
Are these cartridges compatible with MFC-J870DW
lc103 vs lc101
Why does the description say BK,M,C,and Y when the BK is not included? Need to change description.
Have Brother all in one printer Model# MFCJ650DW are these cartridges compatable?
What is the quality of the virtual receptionist that "reads" the text-to-speech of the outgoing announcement? (Better than a Stephen Hawking voice?:-)
How would this work in ADDITION to a single land line? Is that possible? I would like to use this set-up with our Google voice numbers. Input, anyone?
can i use ooma for fax &amp; credit card mechine
Can I purchase this equipment on Amazon versus from Ooma without activation issues with Ooma?
My phone cost right now is about $58 a month, but I have almost $40 in taxes and fee. For those who have 2 phone lines, what is you bill running?
Does it matter if you work on a MAC or PC? Or is set up online?
Can the Ooma Linx devices be used for remote users? (eg someone working from a separate location than where the base station is)
We currently have a 2 line phone where both lines come into the phone on one standard phone cable. How would this phone connect to Ooma Office ?
What is the difference betweent he device listed on this page and this device: http://www.amazon.com/Ooma-Office-Bus...
Will the phone still work or forward to a backup or default line if the internet is out temporarily?
Do these 4 cartridges have to be used together or can they be mixed with original HP cartridges, as ink runs out? I have an HP 8600
is it compatible with hp officejet pro 8600 plus?
it work with the hp officejet 8600 pro plus?
This unit comes with one year included?
Does MajicJack Plus lauch an onscreen application when you turn your computer on? Original MJ you have to wait to load...
Will MagicJack work with wireless phone
I have a MagicJack+ bought a year or so ago. Can this jack be used as a replacement for it? The only thing it doesn't have is the three light bars.
Does the landline phone used need to have a connection to say Verizon? Will I be able to cancel my Verizon service?
Does the app work with magic jack plus or just magic jack go?
does my phone base have to be in the same room as my router? Do I need 2 units if I have 2 phones(same # just different floors in house)
how do I keep my phone number?
can I use my Hawaii number
How much do you charge to keep the existing phone number?
How far back is the recline capability?
Can the chair rock freely as other chairs do when the lock out feature is released.
What is the lowest seat hight (from top of cushion) it can go? ~Im short so, I want my feet to be able to touch the ground comfortably.
Do the armrests flip up or down?
one of the comment said that this chair is not good to put under a desk but did not specify why. do you know why it might not fit under a desk ?
What did I do wrong during assembly? The chair is stuck in the recline position and I can't get it to move into the upright position. FYI, pressing the button doesn't do anything. Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated.
Is there a rest for my legs when the chair is in the recline position?
Is this a "high back" chair, I can't stand the mid back
How do I assemble the wheels? That's not clear to me.
what is the weighting capacity of the chair ?
I see that there are 3 versions available - WG-N20-B, WG-N10 and WG-N20-W. Could you recommend which one is the newer, more efficient model? Thanks.
How to change the icon of the notes on the home screen display
can you change the language to english on the device?
Are you shipping to germany? How much would it be?
Can you leave your hand on the tablet while you write, similar to the Boogie Boards?
Does the cover fold all the way back flat? Comfortably?
Is it possible to jailbreak this device and use it as a secondary monitor? Thanks.
Has anyone else found a translation for the instructions?
i have the boogieboard sync, &amp; it kills me that i cant look at older notes. Can i look at previous older notes on this device?Or do i connect to pc?
Is it e-ink display?
How fast it is to be memorized after you hand write?, Is it like you write in paper, notebook
Can I change the color of writing ?
When you hook it up to a pc, what format are the files in? PDF or JPG or something else? Also, is there a slot for the stylus?
So Can I fold them into two folders known as MATH and ENG . such as paper notebook ?
Does it work well with XP 810?
Will this work with the XP 610 model?
will these cartridges work on the EPON Expression 610?
when is the expiration date on this ink?
Does this work with an HP Photosmart D110 printer?
Does this work with an HP Photosmart C4680 printer?
American product or Malaysian?
will this work for a c4795 series
does this work with hp envy 410a?
What ink cartridge is needed for the HP Officejet Pro 8610 wireless all in one printer?
does this ink work for HP Envy 120?
Does this work with HP Deskjet D5560 ?
The cartridges come in ORIGINAL BOX HP, where you can clearly see the expiration date? or comes in its sealed white bag where the due date is not know
Will the Filofax A5 refills fit in this organizer?
Would Day Runner 2014 Poetica Weekly and Monthly Planner Refill, 3.75 x 6.75 Inches fit this planner?
Anyone purchased a hole puncher for this planner? if so which one and where? Thanks in advance
How big are the rings?
Would this fit a refill size of 4.25 x 6.75 inches?
Would Day Runner 2014 Two-Pages-Per-Day Planner Refill, 3.75 x 6.75 Inches fit this planner?
Is the pages 3.75 x 6.75?
Wanted to find out if this organizer has refillable pages. That is, if I wanted to keep this organizer for next year 2015, where could I order refill
Does this read info off ids? Specifically, California DMV.
Hi, are 2 or 1 Swiper....?
Does this reader work with Windows 7?
Will i need to set up a merchant account to use this? d
Whether this product can write new code on a blank card?
Where can I download the software to program the card reader?
Is there a way to have it read only the credit card number? Right now it puts the card number and than an = sign afterword with more numbers.
Will this reader work with University IDs?
Can i replace the USB cable for this reader, i mean if i want a longer or shorter cable?
The cable of this device is located in the side? or in the back ?
does it scan 11X17?? can it reduce from 11x17 to 8.5 x 11(letter size)???? thanks in advance
what is the cost to replace ink cartridges???
Will this printer take the same ink cartridges that fit the Brother MFC-J6910DW?
what is the footprint
Are copies held in a stack as they come out, or do they drop onto the desk? Doesn't appear to have a "receiving" tray.
How is it for scanning photos? Will it accept a stack of photos and scan them as individual PDF or JPG files?
Can the trays be loaded with 8 1/2 X 11 and 11 X 17 paper respectively?
How high is the scan quality/resolution? I want to scan artwork so that I can have it professionally printed.
Does it print 65 lb and 110 lb cardstock?
Does this printer allow me to print,for example,an invoice from the top tray then simultainously switch to the bottom tray to print a shipping label?
Does it have padded arms
Do the arms come off?
Is this chair for a child or a adult? I see most of the reviews mention a child or preteen using it. Also what is the weight limit for this chair?
I would like one of these for my 6 year olds desk. Does this adjust to make the seat lower? How low is the seat from the floor on the lowest?
do u know what the witdh is and how high it goes
Does it case fit with new Samsung Note 10.1 2014 Edition?
Would a Note 10.1 2013 edition fit in this case?
How many shift buttons are there?
Does the case close with the keyboard and tablet inside
Please tell me how do i connect it to my galaxy note 10.1? I mean the manual instructions is not usefull.
Is this bluetooth compatable with the Samsung Galaxy note 10.1 2014 edition?
After the keyboard has been detached from the case, is it possible for the tablet to be upright at different angles using the case? Or just one?
Can this be used with the Galaxy 2 10.1 PS 113 TS model?
do you have a mouse for his product
Is there a way to story the keyboard within the case when it is not being used?
how can I get another charger for the keyboard I found the orginal charger that came with it and it still won't charge. only used it once.
none of my chargers are working on the keyboard?
Does the charger have a specific label on it? I got the charges mixed up and it isn't charging the keyboard at all.
I just bought a galaxy note 10.1 but it is not the 2014 version (which is smaller). is this the 2014 version?
is this compatible with a samsung galaxy note 3?
will it work with a 10.1 inch hann spree tablet?
are the keys hard or jelly-like?
Will this work wirh Asus MeMo pad 10.1 ME102a
I am a very fast typist and I have already tried to buy one keyboard for my tablet and it couldn't keep up with my typing. Will this one?
l bought this product for samsung galaxy note 10.1" N8000 but it does not fit, can know why
will this work with a windows tablet?
What is the size of this?
which doctor is this one from? and can you take it off without damaging it if you need to(my mum is not keen on having it on my door all the time.)
How does this do with heat? The door I want to put it on is right next to our (exposed) furnace, and the door can get pretty warm.
How big is it?
Can this just go up on a wall instead of a door? Is there a hole for the door knob?
How durable is this cling? Will it rip and tear during the door handle's regular usage?
Do you need a flat door to put this on, would it work with a panel door?
Is it easy to apply and easy to take off?
Can you still print in black and white if you run out of color ink?
does it come with ink cartridges ?
am not set up for wireless will.brother mfc j450dw printer work
I'm leaning toward buying Brother because ink costs are said to be less expensive than other manufactures. Any one know if this is true?
Can I put legal paper in the tray? Does it print envelopes? Can you buy and replace the cartridges separately? What if I mostly just print in black
Does it work with Mac Mavericks OS
will it work with Macbook Air?
Will it continue to print in grey scale when the color cartridges are empty?
can you print two side document. if yes what are the settings to do so
What ink is required?
what is the warranty?
What is its size?
I assume that the Brother J6920DW will handle envelopes.
Is there an auto feed feature for scanning? Many of my documents to scan are multiple pages. Tx!
Does it scan in duplex from the flatbed glass? What about oversize or thick items? Is there hinge flexibility to accommodate thick items for flatbed?
If I can copy two sided 8.5 x 14 on the Brother MFC J6920, why can't I print two sides?
what print cartridges do I buy
Does this scan dole sided or do i have to manually do it?
I had a great difficulty printing labels and envelopes with my old MFC 6490CW. Will this new version handle labels and envelope printing better?
Is the upper tray too flimsy when extended to operate with 11 x 17 paper? Looked at this printer in a store, and this looked like a weakness?
Does it need an SD card? And, if so, does it come with it?
Can you scan checks using the feeder directly to a computer? is this USB connected?
Will it export the data to Excel?
Can you scan documents to a cell phone and email them? I need something my truck drivers to can connect to their mobile device and scan paperwork.
How does this work with a mac? USB port? Does it transfer straight onto the computer?
Can you scan Baseball cards? Will it do both sides at one time?
Is this compatible with a MAC?
Is this Scanner compatible with an iMac computer?
Will this accept a driver's license for scanning, or is this scanner strictly paper-only?
Does it scan both sides of the paper at once?
I ordered this case and just got it in the mail. I have a Samsung Galaxy note 10.1 N8013 and I can not get it to connect to my tablet. What to do?
Can you rotate your ipad to both portrait and landscape mode?
Does it work for the 10.1 ipad 2?
can this work with LG G Slate? if not, do you have a better recommendation for me pleeeeeeeeeeease!
Does it come with a charger for the keyboard?????
Does this case turn off the iPad when you close it? In other words, is it a smart cover?
Does the case have a device to latch it shut?
Does this come with a stylus and cloth? Also, do you like the stand coming out of the back opposed to the stand being the ipad coming forward?
How long does the batter in the keyboard last??????
Is this universal or just for ipad ???
Will this product bluetooth directly to an app on my phone to check prices? For instance, will it work with the Amazon app?
After pairing the scanner keeps blinking blue even though Bluetooth is off in settings. How do you turn the device off?
When uploading from inventory mode, is there a way to change the upload speed to put a selected timed buffer between each barcode?
Will this work with my shopify POS system?
can you add a suffix &lt;tab&gt; instead of &lt;enter&gt; as our application needs a &lt;tab&gt; to jump to the next field
Will it work with a Macbook?
I already connect it via bluetooth with my Iphone, but the CT10 is connected via USB output charging, does not it keep the charge?
Does this scanner work with any barcode printer?
does this book have holiday card record pages with check boxes for sent and received?
does this have single letter tabs?
does this have single letter tabs?
Does it has spaces for monthly Birthdays ?
Are the tabs plastic?
how do I order refills for this address book?
When using a mouse on the surface, is there friction or is the mouse able to glide freely?
Is the size 17X24 or 19X24? Thanks!!!
The pads I bought a few years ago were great. I bought 3 recently and they curl on the edges, not good at all. Any suggestions or solutions?
Does this stick to a desk? How hard would it be to slide on a wooden surface?
What is a good way to clean this mat? Package says "cleanable", but no recommendations of how. Don't want to discolor it (as some cleaners can do).
How rigid is this? If I put this over an inch gap in between desks, will it stay flat or buckle into the gap?
Assuming these even come with chips, would the chips be the kind that shows the correct ink level, or will the printer just show a question mark?
ink levels reset?
does this work for hp 6500 printer?
Hi. Do you have 2015 refill pages for this? Thanks.
what are the measurements?
How are the pages laid out? Outside looks good, what about the inside???
Does it have some blank pages other than the pages showing each week?
does it show holidays?
what does the message on the inside of the card say?
what is: INSIDE: general birthday message?
what is inside message?
what is inside message
Is this unit the newest and most current model?
if i get the wireless adapter, can I us a 2nd phone as an exstension?
will I be able to fax with this service?
can you call for 911 service
Do you have to use the wireless function? Meaning, can I take the wireless adapter out and plug into our modem?
I have a Verizon wireless Actiontec router. Will this box work with that?
would the wireless adapter eliminate the need to connect to my mode?
I don't have cable. does it matter?
On amazon the ooma with no wireless + the wireless adapter add up to less $ than this unit. Is there a reason to buy this one?
Do I need to connect *anything* to a router or modem? In other words, can I just connect to the modem wirelessly with only this device?
capacity of ink supply in terms of pages
Do these work with a MFC-J450DW printer?
Will these cartridges work in a Brother MFC-J27OW?
Will these work with a Brother MFC-J6720DW printer?
Are these brand new in their original packaging including the cardboard box?
how many pages LC101 will print?
This web page doesn't seem to specify... is this ink dye based or pigment? Some call it "archive ink"
does printer come with toner
Is this an USB that I can scan documents to a USB drive directly without attaching to a PC?
will this printer print on both sides of a single page
Does this scan in color?
How many pages does a new toner cartridge print? How well do 3rd party / refurbished toner cartridges work?
does it scan in color
Has anyone used this as a stand alone copier? Did it work well in that capacity?
does it print on legal
can I print from my iPhone or ipad?
Does this printer have a color display on the console or monochrome? The picture shows monochrome but this model number shows color on the HP site.
in the week planning, are the days as columns or rows?
Do you ship to 99576? Thank you
Is this 2014 *through 2015? AND does it have the *"plastic monthly TABS on the right hand side. AND is the outside cover thick plastic? Thank you!
is the keypad backlit?
Does this product come with two handsets. The picture shows two handsets.
Can calls be forwarded from one handset to another?
This one *must* have a landline, correct? Assuming does a wifi cordless that doesn't need one exist?
does it have Keypad lock option to prevent for any child accidental dialing?
caller id annouce
Is it L410 Compatibel?
Is this a US compatible phone &amp; will the Eco DEct PLUS option work?
Does this phone allow for intercom communication between handsets?
IS IT COMPATIBLE WITH GIGASET L410? IS FOR 220 V?
Is KX-TG294SK compatable with range extender KX-TGA405?
Do any of the 3 auxiliary handset stands charge the phone, i.e., are they connected to electrical power, or are they just holders?
does this handset have a headset jack?
can I buy another handset for this phone?
how many calls can be blocked
Does 2 extenders work
Does this model have an audible signal when you have received a new voice mail?
Is there a speaker on the hand set?
does it have speed dial?
dimensions of the base unit because we want to hang it on the wall
What is the difference between the MG6320 and the MG7120?
This is not a fax machine as well, correct? Even though they're calling it an all-in-one?
Does this model have manual paper feed capabity?
ease of install for a macbook?
AirPrint enabled
Will 7120 prine card stock?
does this printer print two side of the paper?
can I print from my camera that has wifi?
Has anyone use bulk ink and a refill kit to replenish the ink? This requires ability to override the ink out setting on the cartridges.
Does this unit scan transparencies - 35mm slides, color &amp; B&amp;W negs, larger B&amp;W negs. If not, pls suggest a scanner to do these, multi-func or not.
Is this a multitask printer that also does documents and is also a scanner or is it just for photos?
fax?
It says all in one but no mention of making copies. Can it be used as a copier?
is this an Air Print printer - in other words, is it recognized and can communicate with an iPad, especially the first generation iPads.
does it have a fax also?
Can you change out one color at a time as needed like the Epson expression photo printer? Are these cartridges ones that Costco or Walgreens can r
Is the scanner flatbed?
The Canon Pixma 7120 doesn't have an ADF, an automatic document feeder. How do you print or copy several douments one after the other if there is no feeder?
Does the MG7120 have an option to print documents in draft mode? (using less ink)
Does it really have auto duplex printing?mand if so, does it work reasonably well.
is the surface real wood veneer hopefully no thinner than 1/4", or is it just vinyl printed to make it look like wood? what materia is under layers?
What is the shipment dimensions for this product?
Just read this. Is it true?: "It says 10x10 sq ft but it actually snaps together in 4x4 sections which in turn makes a 10x10 area."
How much would I need to cover 260 square feet
Could you set chairs on top of this or would that destroy the foam tile?
if our booth size is 10"X20", then how much for that ? and how shall i purchase?
is it suitable for outside on grass
Do outer edge mats have finished cut straight edges? or does this set up come with thin strips that lock onto the outer edges for cut straight edges?
If I have a 10x20, would 2 sets work properly?
Are these two sided? Meaning I can put cards on each side and they are both visible.
How long to ship?
Do they hold the standard business card?
What are the size of the name cards that are included with the plastic tags?
What is the maximum size of the card one can insert into the tag? Would I be able to insert a card that is a thick as pressboard?
What is the maximum length tag that can be inserted below the loop?
Is this a rigid plastic or soft and bendable?
Is there a slot your card slips into or do these need to be laminated and/or self seel? I just want someone with a slot to slip it into
How does this compare with the other brand that is half of the price of this?
I've used 3/4 of the roll trying to apply to a cabinet, but when I remove the backing I get creases that won't come out -not bubbles. Suggestions?
This claims that chalk pen ink can be easily wiped off. Is this true?
can this be applied to steel for magnet use?
Can you use the liquid chalk markers on this product?
Will this stick to wood surfaces? I am thinking of putting it on one wall of the tree house. Please advice.
What are the best chalks to use on this chalk on tact paper?
Do you think that one could use a craft punch to punch out small labels from this? Seems like it might be an economical way to get a lot of labels...
Is this superior to the "Con-Tact" brand chalkboard paper? This is more than twice as expensive. http://www.amazon.com/Con-Tact-Self-A...
If I want an area bigger than 18", can I "butt" it up against each other without the seam being too noticeable?
Has anyone tried charging this from a USB adapted plug to AC outlet? What did you use? Thank you.
When you use it on SD mode, do you hear a slight noise by putting your ear next to the slot ? Also, the left bottom of the scanner is it a bit hot?
Does this product require connecting to "the cloud" to use? Purchased &amp; returned one that would not even load without giving a credit card number.
I see that some of these devices have the ability to do scanning on wifi AND/OR USB...does this have the same feature?
What size sheets can be scanned?
Can you can both sheet paper and books?
Can it scan to an FTP folder- meaning logging in and uploading by itself?
What is the max length &amp; width of the documents it is able to scan?
is this scanner compatible with mac computer?
Can I use this without a computer when traveling and plug it into a computer when I return to transfer the images?
Can you use this with both a pc and mac-air?
Does this scanner create searchable files?
Can you scan directly to a USB flash drive? Or does it have to scan to a computer? Thanks.
Will this scan multiple pages into a single document?
Does this require a computer to be connected via USB at all times? I am trying to find a scanner that doesn't require a PC and can scan wirelessly to a network folder.
How many scans we can do it a moth?
Does it have to have wifi or can I just use a USB connection. Wifi is spotty where I am located.
does it scan to PDF
Is it USB powered or does it use an AC adapter? (ie, do you need to plug it into the wall to use it?)
Is this scanner Twain compatible?
is the software windows 8 compatible
Will this scanner work on Windows 7 and Windows 8?
Is this battery-powered?
Will it scan a drivers licenses and credit cards?
Does Brother DS-620 Mobile Color Page Scanner work with Mac computer?
will it also print documents from your computer?
The video seems to say that it includes software...so is there an organization software that comes with it, that lets you organize what you scan?
Is there a limit to the number of PCs the scanner can be used on, or is it licensed for use on only one PC?
does it scan passports?
does it come with a carrying case?
How well does this scan pencil? Are there settings I can change to make sure the writing scans clearly?
Is the software compatible with an Apple
Is it a printer? It calls itself a printer.
Does it also print. What is printer DPI
Is this a multi-page scanner?
Can you set this up to default to an A4 paper size (8.267" x 11.692") ?
Does it scan receipts well? I don't want to purchase just a flatbed and have to scan both sides.
Would there be any problem opening the docs with Adobe?
Does it power off of a single USB port?
Does this scanner work with an iPad?
Hi...I am wondering if one pouch will hold about 12 pens? My daughter would like to give this as a gift to hold 12 set of pentel flair pens...thx!
Do u get the color you want?
How many pens/pencils does one hold?
Does one really receive all 4 of the pouches? If so are they good for boys just as for girls?
Are the pencil loops elastic to accommodate for different widths? I was thinking if using these for cosmetic brushes &amp; the widths vary greatly!
The description says "4pcs" but some reviewers are saying they only received one item. Which is it, one or four?
Are these for boys or girls or both?
Are these for boys or girls or both?
Do you receive four pouches of the roll up canvas bag or one?
How many pencil box come with one order ? 4 pcs or just 1 ?
Do the drawers have sliders?
is assembling required?
can you lock all the drawers?
is there a way to attach it to the wall so that it won't tip over?
is the drawer equipped with hanger to put the file
what does it weigh?
My key broke off in the lock. Can I order another one?
Does this unit support hanging files?
Will the cabinet tip over when the top drawer is opened if the drawer is full?
metal rod at the bottom was not attached, shaped with twobent ending. what is this for and how do i attach it?
what are the dimensions of this product?
Is the cover blue?
Is it also non-slip when used on a hardwood floor?
I am looking for a foot rest that can be used to step on with one foot while I'm using my standing desk. Is this firm enough for that?
How firm is this foot rest?
is the zipper in a place that will scratch the hardwood floors
When you began using this did it relieve aches in your legs and lower back?
Is the cover washable?
Can this product be used as a breast feeding support foot stool?
Can this be deflated &amp; inflated if you are taking on trips abroad?
Will this work with windows 8.1?
Rechargeable battery - What Type &amp; How Long Does It Last
the software crashes Where can I down load one that doesn't I have win 7 64
Hi, can we program a cronomether?? For example, from 0 to 240 seconds green display, from 241 to 300 ambar display and over 301 seconds red display.
Can't seem to get the software to install properly on W 8.1. Any suggestions?
Unable to get the software to to load and work. Any help would be appreciated.
What are the detentions of this item?
Do you have a driver for Windows 8.1? I installed the software but I can't connect to the device.
I need it for a project and I've a question about it: can i divide led panel from the plate? Or anyway can I flex it?
Were any of you able to use the programming disc on a laptop? Seems like one owner couldn't. My laptop will accept smaller discs, but want to be sure it'll work before ordering.
is this compatible with Epson XP-410?
200xl cartridge will not work in my Epson xp310. Ink cartridge is no recognized. Is there a work around?
Is this compatible with the Wf 2530?
Is this compatable with xp-400?
The yellow is not being recognized, the black was so I think the yellow isn't sitting int he carriage correctly - any advice on how to rig it?
I have a epson wf-2650, anyone know if they work with this printer?
is this compatable with wf2660
Will these work in a Epson WF-2650?
Does this work on the Epson Work Force (WF) 2660?
Will these ink cartridges work for WF-2650?
What are the viewing angles? For example, from 15 degrees to 75 degrees?
How well does it work with a newspaper? I realize the paper will have to be folded in half.
Does it work well for paperbacks? I assume for typing from a sheet of paper you would need a clipboard behind due to the size?
Will it hold a 7 lb book (The Modernist Cuisine)? Thanks
Large books
would like to know how do the bookstand holders move, do you have to slide them to turn pages or do you pull them forward ?
Would this work well for really large medical textbooks?
1/ Do you have to use one hand to hold the base on the surface while adjusting the angle with other hand? 2/ what is the width of the book shelf ?
can you use this bookstand on your lap
Is it easy to turn pages?
how many pages will print per cartrige?
will this fit my epson xp-310?
Can it use for the printer Epson XP-310?
does it available for epson xp410?
will it work with epson xp 200
will these cartridges work for my Epson WF-2660?
Hi! I have an Epson XP-400 printer, and even after I put the black cartridge in, and ignore the message about replacing, it doesn't work. Suggestions?
Why are the pages printing with only about every other line legibly printed?
Will the printer actually give me anything but "Cartridge is not installed correctly." This kills any purchases from the past. Always the same issue.
Is there anybody who tried the ink on EPSON XP-310 recently?
Can this machine produce .jpg or .tff files?
Does it scan multiple pages into the computer as one document or as separate single pages? Or can it do both?
What is the longest size sheet that can be scanned?
We are having problems with the scanner freezing up and when you try to scanner papers it will jam up and that is with only three sheets of paper.
is it MAC compatible
does is scan photos one after another and how is the quality
can you connect wirelessly?
does it scan cards
Will it do photos as well?
Does the software make gigantic size pdf's (5mb+ per page of a B&amp;W document) or more reasonable sizes?
Hello - does this table style come in a smaller size?
Is anyone using this table for actual drafting purposes? If so, does it functionally meet your needs?
How stable at top height? Looking to use as a standing desk- Would need top height
What is the brown part of the desk made of?
Can you get wheels for the table? We would gladly buy them from you.
Is table as rickety as the one review says?
Is the height of the table adjustable?
My daughter is about 5ft 6 and I am looking to get this for her will this be comfortable for her?
Is the lip removable, and if not, does it get in the way when the desk is being used flat?
what is the height of the table if it is flat (non-angle)?
What type of Material is the top? Solid wood or MDF ?
is it hard to assemble
Would this be appropriate for jigsaw puzzles?
Is the 35.75" width measurement including the attached drawers?
Can you leave the drawers off?
The site says it takes 1 to 3 months to be shipped. Is this correct?
will my Samsung galaxy 4s fit if I put a case on it? I want to get an "armor defender protective case" which is 6 x 3x 0.5
Can the phone have a protective bumper on my phone, will that be able to fit in this case or will I need to remove it?
Will this fit the Galaxy S4?
Is it just wireless?
Is this printer compatible with Window 8.1 ?
does this printer use individual color cartridges? can't really tell from the description.
Does this print photos?
Will this work with an Apple computer? Can it scan slides, I have some slides that I need to get on my computer. Thank you, Lynn
Changed cartridges now only sees "single cartridge mode"...what to do??
How long does the ink last? If one cartridge goes out, will the other cartridge be allowed to take over or does it block you from printing?
Can you make more than 1 copy at a time? If so how do you get the window to say 3or4?
ink cartridges for this printer
does it have a camera card reader
Would a 42" Olevia TV fit this?
Are the casters and shelf removable? I want to slide this under the foot of my bed.
looking to use for presentation at work for a 60: TV what is the maximum weight stand can hold?
Does this have the hardware included to mount the TV on the bracket? Bolts, etc?
The product page suggests that this cart will support a 60" TV, but the box says 50". I bought an LG 55LB5900 55" TV. Will this stand work?
Will this fit a 200mm x 100mm mount?
Would the Glass Shelf Bracket be able to support a little more weight than just a DVD? Like maybe a Powered Speaker weighing 32 lbs?
I have recently purchased 2 RCA TV's (32 &amp; 40). On the description of both it states "VESA standard." Is this cart going to fit my TV's?
Does the mounting bracket tilt so you can adjust the angle of the television?
is the depth 18 inches ? meaning is the distance from the back of the wheel bar to the front of the wheel bar about 18 inches?
Can you stack the shelves, one on top of the other?
what colors does the 6 pack come in? Or is it a variety of whatever they want to get rid of?
Do you send 2 locker shelves for $29.95? And I 'd like to get pink and purple ones. Can I choose the color?
so for $29.95 you will send 6 locker shelves to me? Also do we pick the colors?
I have a 64 bit pc (windows 8.1). will it work?
what ink cartridges does this printer use?
can i use the system in country with 220 v as i know in usa its 110v ..Most electronics have a switch
If one cartridge is out of ink, does the printer prevent you from printing?
Does this printer come with toner included?
Does this printer have the capability to print on an envelope and how many at a time?
can this printer scan/copy legal sized documents? also what is monthly duty cycle i run a print shop and need a new copier
Does this printer have bluetooth capabilities? If not, can you use it without a landline? Mostly concerned about faxing.
Does it come with 4 toners, or do I have to buy separately?
Could you tell me please if this product works on 120V or 220V for European power? Becous I need product for 220V power, info@ultra.ge
How many pages are these good for?
Why would you buy this? The cost of a new printer (with cartriges) is $299. Some one explain the math to me. I am baffled.
Are these standard yield or high yield cartridges?
There is another item on here that is genuine brother toner 5-pack, for less cost than this. Has anyone bought that and know how they compare? Maybe that one has less and this more? Or are they exactly the same? Anyone know? thanks!
i would like to order.. but i need to know if the items are high yield? nothing is listed in the description?? but it shows high yield on the box??
do these cartridges expire or go bad after a certain period of time?
Can you confirm this order includes 4 x black cartridges, 4x Cyan, 4x Yellow and 4x Magenta? Or does the 4-pack only include 1 cartridge of each?
Can this product be used with MFC-9130 printer? The description here says so but the box doesn't list MFC-9130. Also the cartridge doesn't seem to fit
Will these toners work for my Brother MFC-9340 CDW? It isn't listed here as a compatible model. Thanks for any help!!
I have a Brother MFC-9340CDW- it says that it takes TN221 series yet description doesnt list my model number. Will these work??
Will this work as a scanner without an ink cartridge installed or if the cartridge is empty?
Does the scanner on this actually scan at 11 x 17 or is it a bit smaller?
does it print on card stock without getting jammed?
Can the Brother Printer MFC-J6520DW scan two sided documents in one pass?
does it have an 11 x 17 tray
Have just set up brother mfc-j6520dw but i am very disappointed with the print quality. Pictures are quite blurred. what have i done wrong? Gwen D
how does the fax work
will this printer work well using a usb cord to computer as well as wireless
Will this keep printing if one of the cartridges runs out?
can you scan to pdf
how high is the seat from the floor
Does the horizontal brace on the back legs touch the floor?
Is there any way to get one chair replaced out of the 10-pack? It broke on the first use (the plastic along the back), and this was just regular use.
How many chairs come per package?
How much does one chair weigh?
Is there a big enough space underneath the surface to sit criss cross with your legs under the desk on a bed?
will this be ok for a 17" laptop when its flat? cause I don't need to lean it towards me.
What is the dimension of the flip top?
When not using it can you fold in the legs and store it somewhere? or are the legs always out? and can you adjust them up and down?
could I know about the weight and size of the table?
What is the height of this item in inches, please ...
Do the boxes have any text on the outside?
the strength listed - do not know what it means - will it hold china, crystal etc without breaking ?
Do the boxes arrive flat--- not put together?
What is weight limit for each box?
What is the reason that it can only hold up to a 24" monitor? Would I be able to mount a 27" monitor on it?
My desk is about 3/4 inches thick..Will it still clamp on firmly?
How close to the wall behind a desk can you push the monitor back? Measuring from the wall to the vesa mount in a low retracted position.
how does this stand attach itself to the monitor?
How many inches of clearance between the desk/table surface and the very bottom of a 24" monitor?
My desk has a piece of support wood under the top, leaving me with about 1.5" of ledge. How wide is the bottom piece of the clamping bracket?
I have a table that has routed edges that is about 3/4 inch thick,would this work
I would like to get a small flatscrren tv and hook to my treadmill...would this work?
how tall is the arm at full extension? I am concerned about height? thanks!
Is there an effect on longevity of the product if I were to use it fully extended and facing 180 degrees for the vast majority of the time?
Does this stand allow the monitor to pivot (i.e., vertical or horizontal viewing)?
What is the height of the pole (what is the tallest height) that you can attach the monitor on the pole?
Is this stable without using the mount clamp on the base?
Can the black plastic cover on the base be removed if necessary?
Hello VIVO, I am looking for something like this but would like the pole to be about 30 inches tall. Do you have anything like that?
Would I be able to use this upside-down by clamping it to an open-back hutch shelf?
Can this stand be mounted to a glass computer desk?
What is the width of the c-clamp? I have a 3" hole in my desk to fit this through.
How easy is it to adjust height (without having to remove the monitor)? I need to adjust height 2-3 times/day. Or is there another model I should be l
What is the thickest desk the clamp can accommodate? Is there *ANY* monitor clamp solution that could accommodate a 4 or 4.1in thick desk?
What is est. page count on this cartridge?
I tried to install a replacement toner but the cartridge would not fit. Now I can't even get the original cartridge to fit. Any suggestions?
will this toner work on a Dell B1163W printer and is it 1500 pg yield
did this work on anybody with a Dell B1160w ?
has anyone used the toner on a Dell B1165nfw
Does this fit B116X, F4P6V?
Does it work with Dell B1165nfw printer?
will this bar code scanner work with the square iPad system?
How can I use iPad Keyboard with this Scanner?
What app does this run with in the app store.
Will this scanner work with my any Mac software with boutique items?
Can I have this barcode scanner put a comma (,) after the barcode. so it would be 123456,
when using the scanner that my Android devices thought that it was keyboard and the onscreen keyboard would no longer populate.
Will this work on a windows phone?
Will this model work with square registar.?
Is this compatible with Mac OSX?
Will this work with an iPad to scan ISBIN numbers for books? Need to use it for check out with my students
Is it ill-tempered?
What batteries does it take?
Is it waterproof?
Is this a real shark?
Is it ill tempered?
Can you turn it on and it stays on, or do you have to continuously press or squeeze? Thank you!
Can the stylus be replaced with a red pen refil so you have 2 pens and a pencil (no stylus)? If so, do you sell a red pen refill?
What size lead do I buy .05 or .07
The picture of the 3 pens only has the black dot (meaning ball point pen) does that mean they aren't the 3-in-1 pens?
Will the stylus work on Apple products?
Does it work on a Microsoft Surface Pro Windows 8?
Can the lead and ink be replanced?
Is the mouse pad included with this item?
I see that the man standing on the lapworks wizard is standing on one that is purple. Does this come in Purple??
I just received this and the hinges seem very imprecise. How do I know if I have received your latest, strongest version?
What is covered by the lifetime warranty?
Some reviews say the joints are plastic and weak, but your ad shows them supporting a person. Are they plastic? What is the max weight supported?
This pic doesn't look like the 8 1/2 x 11 size...is it or is it the next smaller size? I've bought this same planner for years.
Is the format of this the same as the 2013 one? I am looking for a planner that has shows the time of each day kind of like an appointment book
Is this fro 2014
How wide is this?
what is the length
How long is it? What is the fill? Thanks
I bought this toner for my SCX-3405FW but printer says incompatible toner and would not print. I installed the firmw but got viruses. What can I do?
Is this toner compatible with Samsung SCX-3405W?
COMPATIBLE WITH SCX-3405w?
It's hard to tell from the photo. Are the hangars of the folders actually hanging on a support? Or the folders just sit on the bottom of the drawer?
Is this really white or a cream color?
Do the drawers extend out far enough? My current drawers do not &amp; it is impossible to reach the back files without removing the front files.
I need this to fit under a desk. Will use without casters. What is height MINUS casters?
What are the dimensions of this? I can't find them
Is this sturdy enough to put my small printer on top? Can the wheels be locked?
can you stack two of these
i need to know the size please
How deep is it including the handles?
When locked, are the drawers pretty secure?
How do you install this?
Printer says paper jam after printing 1 page every time, whats up and how do I fix it. Bought 2 toner refills and 1st 1 is giving me problems.
The box I received looks similar to the box in the pics, but it doesn't say "EPS" or Life Time Warranty on the box. Did I get a copy or is it legit?
Mine has given out after ~ 100 pages. Is this a common problem? Not my idea of money saving!
Just installed this replacement toner on a DCP-7065DN. I get a gray band on top .5" of page, but only on front, not back? Any suggestions?
which compatible TN450 is for 2280DW brother printers?
Once these cartridges are empty, is there a free way to get them back to you for recycling?
Does EPS provide recycle plan for my old toner cartridge?
Does this cartridge include a return label so that I can send back my old toner cartridge? I know that the Brother brand cartridge does.
whether sliding mechanism is on ball roller or simply sliding
Is there enough room for tabs on the hanging files or do they scrape on the top?
are the handles built into the drawer? or could they be changed out?
is it hirsch?
do drAWERS COME all the way out?
Will this work with legal sized files?
Does this come in tan or beige?
Do any of the drawers lock?
is this pure white or off white?
what material is it made out of
when there is a low ink alert, can i choose to ignore it and print until it is actually out of ink?
Specs indicate this printer "prints directly onto printable CDs and DVDs." Anyone tried this? Is the software for this included? Does it work well?
Does it come with the ink cartliges?
Can you use it with an hp chromebook 14 to print photos through google cloud print and where can I figure out how to do it??
Does it go thru ink cartridges quickly? Or do the cartridges dry up quickly between print jobs and render the printer inoperable? My HP did that.
What is the largest photo print size for this printer?
Does the printer come with a USB cable?
does ink come with the printer?
does it have a usb port
Does this printer print photos from Samsung Galaxy S4?
Does this have a cd writer?
how is the picture quality
Must you purchase ink from Epson or can you use generic ink with this printer?
If the machine is out of ink will the scan option still work?
Does this printer have OCR recognition so that I can scan to word documents for editing?
want to scan multiple photos simultaneously and create several individual scans, not one large scan. Does XP-810 make individual scans of photos?
How long does the ink last and is it expensive to replace?
can you copy form glass?
Says it auto prints two sided, but can you easily set it to print one sided?
Researching this printer, BestBuy customers gave vey bad reviews all relating to same issue, grinding noise after 2 weeks use, anyone have this happen
Voltage is the global support it? 110 ~ 240V?
what ink does it use?
I know this can print 11x17, but can it also scan an 11x17 document?
How wide is this printer? Is it 18" wide or 23" wide?
Is this printer compatible with Wondows 8.1?
Do i have to be connnected to internet for this printer to work?
does it carries the same warranty as if bought from epson itself.
Does this have a memory card reader.
Does this have a memory card reader.
Does it print on cd/dvds
Do I need a cable to connect this to the Square Register Stand or do I only need a cable to connect to the printer? We don't use a receipt printer.
I bought this cash drawer to work with a square reader stand. Is there a cable made to plug interface cable to USB port?
Does the insert come out and can you buy another if it does? Would like to have two shifts with pre counted drawer
Does this come with the 5bill x 5coin till ?
this drawer comes with cable for printer ? if yes what kinda cable ? i have TM-T20II Direct Thermal Printer
What cash rDrawer is compatible with square swivel stand
I am buying the Star Micronics TSP 654IIBI-24 Bluetooth printer, will this work with it?
I have a Square Stand and Ipad. Do I need to get a printer in order for the cash drawer to automatically open?
can this be mounted under a counter, brackets included or optional?
What kind of warranty does this come with? Also is it new or refurbished? Thanks!
Is this printer compatible with \Windows Vista?
does this have a cutter?
would this print jewelry tail tags? And if so, would it be able to print custom images onto them?
What is the recommended number of labels this printer should do a day?
Is it compatible with GK 420T labels and robbons?
Does this printer have Ethernet (network) port on the back to connect it via network?
Does this printer work with Endicia's Dazzle software?
Is this printer Mac compatible? OS X Mavericks
Standard tear-off?
Can I use for the pre-printed company address from the top? What is the best size (4 X 6?) for the label.
Does this printer have a built-in NIC (network interface card) or no?
does it work with USPS
does it include label printing software ?
Can someone provide an ASIN for labels that work with this printer?
Will it work with Apple Airport?
How do you set this up with a MAC? I can't seem to get it working.
Can I use this printer with Stamps.com using 4x6 Labels? Thanks!
Does this have the peel bar/roller that automatically separates the label from the backing when it prints?
Mine did not have the printer cable with it, where do I get the one that is shown here?! Thank you!
when the labels are not printing how do you clear buffers?
Does amazon FBA lable sizes support this printer?
can this device print barcodes ?
What year is this product?
Does this have ethernet option too?
Can I print serialized labels with the software available for this printer?
I want labels for this printer urgently, where can I buy the labels for this printer apart from Amazon ? Thanks
Does this come with the required cable?
Can you use it with square stand?
Can you buy extra trays and tray covers?
Does the bill and coint tray come out as a single unit so I can take it in the back to count it and refill it?
Is this mountable under a counter top?
Is the price inclusive of the Plastic trays for bills and coins ?
Does it automatically open when processing transactions?
How many keys does this come with and can you request more keys?
Do you know if this register is compatible with Quickbooks Cash Register Plus?
Is this comes with printer interface &amp; cable for that
Just asking. What is the cost per swipe?
Am just looking for something that will read a card and tell me exactly is what encoded on the mag stripe. Will this do that?
is usb beyboard?
One of the reviews talked about an issue with the padding pushing back and having to substitute using towels. Can anyone else confirm that this exist
Now that some of you have had the chair for a while, how has the seat padding held up? Have you noticed any flattening out? Is the cushion holding up?
Is there a way to stop the seat-height from going down when reclining? I have my seat all the way up and when I lean back, it makes the seat go down!
Can the armrests be removed?
What is the weight limit?
Will this chair "fit" a small woman? (I'm 5' 3" / 128 lbs.) I read one review that said the seat was not adjustable enough for a short person.
Can the wheels lock? Want to use for pedicures.
I am 5'2''. Will this chair be too high? Also, how comfortable is the seat for longer periods? the last chair I had ended up giving me pain in my hips
What is the weight limit supported by this chair?
I am 4 ft 11 in tall, am trying to find a good office chair. Will this chair work for me
Bonded Leather is notorious for shredding (surface layer peeling off). How have you found the leather to hold up on your Serta chair?
what does the middle round knob do?
The screws to attach the arms are missing. Must I haul the whole seat to the hardware store to find some that will work or are there descriptive words
whats the deal with leaning back in the chair? is it possible? does the lumbar thing jab your back to impose the 90 degree angle?
Is the chair assembled
What is the weight support rating of this chair?
Does this chair also recline?
i can see the weight in oz and grams?
Can this scale weigh a box measuring 24x18x18?
How do you get an updated USPS rate chart when the postage rates increase this month?
What size batteries does it take? I'm looking for a scale that can use rechargable AA.
Does anyone know if this scale will connect to your computer to automatically import the weight of the package?
Is there a tare button? Thanks.
A) Do you have to calibrate (and buy a calibration weight to do so) or is this guaranteed to be pre-calibrated? B) Is this scale self-calibrating?
Does this weigh in increments of .01 oz all the way up to 86#?
Does this item weight letters
Is the AC adapter included?
why doesn't this work with my epson 410?
XP-310?
has anyone got printer head alignment using WF-2540 to work with these cartridges ? just comes up with different shaped boxes which isn't usual
will these show ink levels and/or be seen as OEM cartridges?
Did this work in an Epson XP-400?
Does this ink work with the Epson XP-420?
Have you had success with the Epson XP 200?
How is the photo quality with this ink?
I installed the cartridge but now it says "cartridge installed incorrectly." Any tips?
Can anyone personally confirm that these work with Epson WF-2540? I tried another re-manufactured brand and they did not work.
My XP-310 takes Epxon 200XL cartridges, but here under details you don't list the XP-310 as compatible. Will these cartridges work with the XP-310?
how well did they work with the Epson wf-2540
Does anyone know if these fit the Epson XP-400?
does these work with the epson xp-410
Is it the same on both sides?
how many sheets a package brings? 100Pk means100 sheets?
is the champagne shimmer - ivory or champagne gold coloring? It appears ivory in the photo &amp; I need to matching some evelopes
Are you able to use on a copy machine?
Will seller discount shipping for bulk order of 10 packs?
Is the shine on both sides or just one?
Is it shimmer metallic on both sides or only one side?
How do you get the brother printer to detect these cartridges? Keep getting Unable to detect cartridge error
how do I know when my printer was made? and if these will work. I just got the printer 12/5/14
Are this cartridges "normal" size? Does ink bay door close normally?
Will this work with MFC-J870DW which I bought 2015?
is ink for brother MFC-J4620DW compatible with MFC-J4610DW ink
Does the vent plug have to be out when you put it in the printer. Igot the reset plastic pins but no instructions on how to use it to reset the chip
do i remove the vent hole cover after refill?
does it have auto reset chips? or i need to buy a chip resetter? with this kit does allow me to close the cartridge door of my brother MFC J4610DW?
Where is the place to refill? Is there a cap on it or does it refill through the vent? Is the refill on the top of the cartridge.
Do cartridges LC105 and Lc107 work with MFC-J470DW? This machine is not listed as being compatible with these two cartridges,
Does this work with Windows 8.1?
does this do automatic duplex scanning thru the sheet feeder?
Will it work with Mac Air ?
what is the toner yield ?
what is the toner yeild ?
is this wireless printer?
Will any of the scanned page be cut off in either the flatbed scan mode or the ADF scan mode?
Is it a duplex printer?
How many pages can be printed with starter cartridge that comes with it?
what toner does it take? I am having difficulty geting that answer/ordering it..
does this come with the full toner?? should print 5000+ sheets out of the box right? what about the xerox warranty?
The title says wireless, is this with the wireless add on?
Will this scan &amp; then e-mail a document?
can you copy from a thick object like a book? the lid needs to raise up extra like earlier versions.
I am considering purchasing this printer. I need a monochromatic printer that scans in color. Does the WorkCentre 3615 do that?
Can the default for duplex printing be easily changed to re-set it, permanently, to a single sheet printing without having to call in a tech
Does this printer print envelopes? Do you have to manually feed them one at a time or can you stack them in the bypass tray?
Can it print transparencies? I didn't see transparencies listed on the supported media types.
IS A STAND NECESSARY?
Will this printer make double sided copies without having to take the printer paper out?
Is this laptop table adjustable for the laptop its self ?
Is there a way to move the mouse pad to the left side?
What is the range of the height adjustable to? The description above only gives 300mm/11.8in.
What's the size of mouse pad?
Hi,r u selling everything that is in the photo (the metal handle and 2 customized circular plates) or just 2 plates?
Hello, which embosser fits with set?
Can you use this embosser without a handle? Or Do you need a handle in order to make the impression?
Does this fit the Excelmark hand held embossers?
Hi, will this fit well with an Ideal Model M handle?
Does your insert work well with the Ideal Model M handle?
Will this work with http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000... ? (Sold on Amazon.)
How do you customize???? I can't find a place for fonts names, addresses, anything!! Should I just cancel?
Will this fit an Ideal Model M?
Do you customize these? How does this process work?
We purchased these with our MFC-J450DW, they do not work! This is a business office and we can't even use our machine that is 1 week old. Solution??
I inserted a black ink replacement cartridge in my printer but the machine is not reading it even though they are compatible,should I remove plastic?
Cannot get these cartridges to detect. Comes up "Cannot Detect". I've tried everything I can think of???
Do these cartridges include the print head or is the print head in the printer.
My MFC-J450DW doesn't see the cartridge = it has a spring instead of a post in the part that is inserted in the printer. Why?
ink cartridge is not being detected in my brother machine. Do I need to remove plastic on top of cartridge before inserting?
how long will a cartridge keep with out drying up!
how long can you store up the cartridges 6mo 1yr 2yr
Never had an inkjet printer. Does 1 cartridge contain both black &amp; color?
Is this ink dye based or pigment based?
Will this work in a Canon Pixma MG 2922 printer?
my cartridges I received only printed 4 pages and says low ink. why?
Is $25.00 the cost for both black and color cartriges as a combo or does this price represent the individual cost for each cartrige?
Could I use this for Canon PIXMA MG3120?
does this work on cannon mx 439?
Will it work on my canon PixmaMX392 series
will it work on my canon mg 2920
will it work with canon mg 3132
does the 240xl and 241 xl needs to be reset when refilled?
Are these No. 2 pencils?
I want to get some for friends' bday, is there an expiration date on the sprounts, could I keep them for few months before using/planting them?
20$ for dozen? or only one pencil?
What herbs come in this pack?
How many pencils are in the pack?
Hey there! I tried to buy a pack, but unfortunately it can't be shipped to Brazil. Do you know is there's any distributor to my country?
Do you ship to Hawaii?
I tried to buy it from Italy and send it to UK, but you ship neither to Italy nor to UK. How can i do?
Do you ship to Australia?
Is it organic?
Are the seeds GMO free?
why can't i receive the pack in italy? it says: This item can't be shipped to your selected destination
is written "contains 4 marigold seeds and 4 calendula, but marigold, is another name for calendula...so they are 8 pencil with the same seeds...
Why do you charge so much for this? It's only $25.00 at walmart.
Demensions as college desk space is limited?
Which is better... HP Deskjet 1512 or the HP Deskjet 2540 ?
Is this printer compatible with OS Mavericks?
apple compatible
Does the ink come with this printer
Android compatable?
can the HP deskjet #1512injet printer use #74 &amp; 75 ink cartridges
I want to run the printer with my WIndows XP laptop. I can't tell from the description if the printer would run on all Windows XP or a particular on
Does the HP1512 printer come with cartridges?
My Omnitech 10 sheet cross cut paper shredder stopped working, is there a trouble shooter info available?
is it quiet
What are the dimensions of the unit.
How does it work? With batteries or electricity?
How do you oil the blades, can you use regular lubricating oil?
Can I connect this scanner to iPad 3 device using Wifi?Any one used to connect to iPad 3?
Can this do double sided scans
will it scan receipts
will it scan Id cards?
Does it scan to iOS?
Could I scan notes that are handwritten in pencil?
Can I connect it to Sony Xperia Z Tablet device using WiFi?
could I scan more than one page into the same PDF file?
Will it transfer documents to Iphone?
Does this work with linux? If so, does it require proprietary drivers?
Is this a rigid mat, or a flexible one that arrives rolled up?
How are the edges of this mat? Beveled? Rounded? Crimped? Unfinished? Thanks!
Does the chair leave indentions into the mat for someone over 150 lbs
Is this chair 36 X 48 mat rectangular? Or does it have what they call a "lip" (ie. cut out on one side?
Is it clear so the carpet shows through?
Does this mat have a textured finish similar to the Realspace All Pile 45" x 53" Chair Mat?
Is this the right mat for a sisal carpet, or would a hardwood mat be better?
Is the mat a rectangle
Anyone know the thickness of this mat?
Can this mat be trimmed? I need 28" wide x 48" long to fit under my desk.
is it all wood or particle composite board?
what are the dimensions
dimensions
Are these the extral large cartridges i.e CLI-251 and PGI-250 XL
Do these cartridges come with ARCs or MRCs or neither?
Will these cartridges work in the pixma mg5520 as well?
Do you have to buy the syringes to refill these cartridges?
i need to know if it will work with my canon mx892
Does these work with latest firmware on mg5420?
seems kinda funny this says 5 cartridges, and the mg7120 takes 6. can anybody explain why?
Where does one obtain certifiable compatible ink for this product?
Do you provide illustrated instructions concerning how to refill the cartidges?
will a wireless headset work with this phone and can I use it with both lines?
what model no. handsets will work with this base?
One of the reviewers reports that the speakerphone is not full-duplex, meaning both sides cannot talk at the same time. Is that true?
If a second call rings to line 1 will it automatically transfer to line 2?
Does anyone know if a call can be transferred to one of the handsets with this unit? Thanks!
Can you connect to a fax machine and send and receive faxes with a Panasonic KX-TG9542B?
Does it has CALL BLOCK feature?
does the secondary set needs a phone as well
Can you buy additional handsets? If so, what is the model # of the additional handset what will work with this unit?
Does the KX_TG9542 work with the iphone6 and iphone 5s
I know it's link to cell via Bluetooth, but is there bluetooth headset capability?
Is there a pocket clip for the handset?
Does this have an answering machine?
does this phone have anonymous caller id rejection?
How is the sound quality on the handset and the base. Is it loud and clear. I just picked up PANASONIC KX-TG7872S, However the 7872 is not 2 line
Can use a bluetooth headset with the extra handsets or only by pressing the 'headset' button on the base station?
Can two blue-tooth linked smartphones be actively talking on different system phones at the same time?
what is range of phone
Can additional phones be added ti this system? If so, how many?
Can you connect a land line and 2 cell lines simultaneously ? If so, can can you talk simultaneously on any combination of two lines?
how big is it?
What is the run time?
Does it handle staples
I realize this machine isn't a wood chipper but will this machine handle a staple. I have a lot of documents that are stapled.
How fast is the shredding speed?
Does the Basics 17 sheet cross-cut shredder need shredder oil from time to time? Instruction book doesn't mention it at all.
what is the size and operational time
Will it shred cardboard ?
Will this shredder take care of stickers? You know, the kind that charities send you to encourage a contribution?
I know there are shredders that do not require oil, does this one require oil? I've already bought this product... Need to know if I need oil.
Once you start using the cartridges, does the printer status indicate the correct ink level or do you have to visually check cart for a low level?
Could you please provide clear instructions on how to reset refiled cartridges?
The instructions given say to put 5 ml of ink in the cartridge, but the black pigment ink cartridge clearly holds more. How much should I load?
Can I fill with any type of ink instead of just dye ink?
Do these carts have sponges or spongeless?
can i use edible ink
Will this work with an MG7120? I realize it is only 5 and not 6 cartridges. I do not need all 6.
Does the resetting function work? Has anybody tried it yet?
My black pigment ink cartage stop being recognized after about 5 refills what do I do? I'm also starting to see colors missing (3 month old printer!!)
Are there scriptures on any pages?
does this book have holiday card record pages with check boxes for sent and received?
Are the pages the modern style with the cell phone number and email address spaces? Also, does the Z211 refill pages fit this address book? Thanks!.
Are the pages the modern style with the cell phone number and email address spaces? Also, does the Z211 refill pages fit this address book? Thanks!.
is this book made in the US?
Will you be able to make one that can hold two monitors, for those of us who need dual-monitor use at work?
Will I be able to attach my monitor to the stand so it doesn't fall off when moving it up and down?
can this be used with laptops
How deep a desk is required to safely hold both the monitor stand and keyboard tray?
How easy is the tray to move? Some "adjustable" monitor and keyboard trays require strong turns on a handle and I have arthritis.
Can this hold two monitors?
Would this adjust so that I can stand and view my laptop monitor at eye level easily? I'm 6' 3"
One picture shows a wrist support and the others do not. Is there wrist support built in?
Will this work for my iMac that is 21.5 inch monitor/that is 12.5 pounds?
Can you adjust the keyboard stand so your wrists don't "droop"--in other words, so that it's flat instead of tilted?
I have an iMac that weighs 12.5 pounds (21.5 inch). Will this computer work with this product?
Does the venting suffice to keep the laptop from overheating? I'm wondering if I really need the fans.
What are the dimension, especially of the keyboard tray? And how heavy of a monitor will the top support?
How easy and stable is the stand to covert to sitting/flat position with monitor and keyboard still on it? Is it easy and stable to do that?
Is this the Workez Executive desk, or the smaller version?
If the batteries die is the information lost?
Is there a way to import passwords from a file and/or a way to export them to keep a copy in a safe deposit box?
How does the search function work? n the older version you have to scroll through all the entries. Is this how the newer version works?
Does it come with a warranty?
I change passwords frequently. Easy to do? .. Hard to do? .. Number of changes limited? Also I don't see a comma or apostrophe. Are they there?
Can the password data be backed up elsewhere if the unit should crash?
I want to know what the difference is between Password Vault and Password Safe because of the price difference?
I have this product, this morning when I went to search is says no data, what do I do. Also the light no longer works??
I have the "newer" unit with the 3 batteries - Is this unit suppose to be backlit? The unit is difficult to use without lighting of some sort.
The User Manual was misplaced. Can I get another? If so, how?
If I order this product, how can I get more vtags?
Can I by this item find the child when he is lost? by GPS on google maps or another maps?
Will this work with a 3 G gravity smart phone?
Is there an Android App for this? If so, what is its name?
Will this cartridge work with printer Canon PIXMA MG5420?
Does the air vent in the front need to be plugged?
working with canon pixma mg7520?
I am wondering if updating printer software (or firmware in case it appears) will affect these inks being recognized by the printer?
Does it come with auto-reset kind chip? of I have to buy seperate of take out from genuine cartridge like I had to do with HP printers?
Is one of the black ink bottles the pigment based ink? Canon PGI-250 is pigment based ink.
will this work with pixma mx892 ?
ND 5 Pack Canon PGI-250 CLI-251 250XL/251XL Refillable Ink Cartridges with Chips and 5 Bottles of... do auto reset chip?????
when the ink runs low the printer know it, how does the printer get reset for that color?
Does the refillable cartridges supplied have the resetable chip???? If so how many times can they be reset??????
Ink disappears with heat? How much heat? We live where it's hot and if the pen is in his booksack...I'm concerned with will the pens work for him?
I finally figured out how to work these pens but does anyone know how to install the refills? I can't figure out how to open them up.
Is the ink in the refills the same heat sensitive ink?
Is the ink permanent? Is it good for signing books, for example?
How do you get these pens to work?
I want to use them on fabric the type that when u iron the fabric it erases the lines...will these do that?
What size frame should I get to go with this?
does anybody has an idea what is best tool to scratch the map?
Are the 50 states of the U.S. Outlined?
Are neighboring countries in different colors? Or are all countries on a continent the same color?
Tried erasers and coins. It's still not scratching through! Any ideas?
What is a scratch-off map?
how large is this?
Is this printed on Cardstock?
Is Bermuda on this map?
Are the countries outlined? I read that the cheaper version doesn't have country outlines. Also, what do you use to scratch off the foil?
Can I print with only Black and White?
Is HP Deskjet 2542 Wireless Inkjet All-in-One printer compatible with Windows 8.1?
Could I print wirelessly from an iPad?
Does this printer have an auto feed feature?
Does this printer have print heads? I've foun that HP printers with print heads cannot use remanufactured ink. Kills the print heads which are $80
does this copy?
does it fax?
what cartridges use?
Does the HP Deskjet 2542 come with ink cartridges?
Is the ink cartridges included
Fax?
Does the printer come with any ink ? If no what type of ink will I need to purchase for the printer?
Ok.... Now I am confused! So you need a USB cord with it? Is that for set up? Is this printer a wireless printer or not?
I followed the direction and tried several times, but why the yellow light was keeping blinking? Did I miss anything?
The alarm lamp just keeps flashing no matter I put the ink boxes in the printer or not.
so does it print color too or strictly b&amp;w?
Would a regular USB cord work with this printer? and what brand and number ink cartridges should i get for the printer?
would a regular usb cord work with this printer?
Is this a Duplex Printer?
Is this printer compatible with MacBooks?
does it print 3 x 5 and 4 x 6 color photos
How much paper will it hold?
Does it come with ink cartridges?
does it have faxing capabilities?
Does this go through a lot of expensive ink? I seem to be replacing my printer every year as it is the same cost of a new printer.
Product Dimensions: 14.7 x 16.1 x 6.3 inches ; 15.4 pounds Is the 14.7 inches include paper tray?
Can this printer feed cardstock and photo paper with no problem?
Does it do well to print pictures from photoshop? Is it compatible with MS 7 and 8? How many ink cartridges does it need and are they easy to find
does it have usb hookup
is it compatible with mac copmputers
Just bought this typewriter (my first), and the carriage doesn't move when I type. Is there something I need to do to engage the carriage?
Is it loud? I got Brother typewriter and it is too loud. I need little quiter one.
What ribbon do I use for that typewriter? Royal Epoch Portable Manual Typewriter
Is there an online manual for this, for some reason the ribbon keeps coming off whenever I type a capital letter, and I am not sure what to do.
Hi, does this typewriter correct typos or have a correction-tape feature?
can you rearrange the order of the keys? I know some models allow you to do so, to get e more ergonomic arrangement than QWERTY. thanks!
How do you set the margins? (I know it's a manual process but I can't keep them in one place. Is there someway of locking them down?
Is this a basket shift (typebars move up and down to capitalize) or carriage shift (platen / rubber roller moves up and down) typewriter?
What cartridges shoud I buy?
I can't figure out how to set tabs. The manual wasn't clear to me. Could you please list the steps? Thank you.
What is the color of the cabinet? From the picture it seems close to other Sauder products coloured "Cinnamon Cherry."
has this held up to frequent use? seems like so much modern furniture doesnt, and file cabinets especially tend to break. is it tough?
Does the key lock All Four Drawers? Alice said it did, but Betty said it did not! Thank you.
Do the file cabinets come fully assembled?
Does the lock prevent all drawers from opening?
Do the drawers already have hanging rails for legal-sized file folders? will legal files hang front-to-back as usual? or side-to-side?
What type of wood material is it made of (particle, mdf, or solid)?
how much weight?
What are the dimensions of this item?
does only the top drawer lock?
How much does the Bore measure?
Are these 6mm wide belts?
What material is the belt made of?
What length belts come with this product?
The picture shows two belts. Do you get two 45 inch belts in the order or do you get one 45 inch belt?
how long is the belt?
I want to be certain before I order, do these have the holes on the backing paper on the lefthand side that guide the machine from label to label?
I use PayPal multi-order shipping/USPS, does this work for their size labels?
Hello, what other printers can I use with this product? I'm looking different printers but I'm not sure with will fit this rolls....
First time I bought these, the adhesive was strong. Second time I bought these, the adhesive was weak. About ready to buy again, which are these?
Will I be able to print wirelessly using my ipad? I have an ipad mini 2.
My machine (DYMO 4XL) makes weird noise when using these labels.Before using this I was using branded DYMO and wasn't making this like staple noise. ?
Are they perforated so they can be easily separated by hand?
Are these labels compatible with the Dymo 4XL (1755120)?
How much labels come in one roll
Someone on the customer reviewes stated that the lock servces no purpose. Did anyone find that the lock is secure?
Is the back of the cabinet also finished wood-laminate?
Approximately how many files/folders fit in each drawer? (Thanks in advance for any input)
Do the drawers have bottoms or are they only hanging files on drawer slides?
Is it made in china?
Do you have to assembled it yourself?
does the lock lock both drawers?
Does it come assembled?
Please advise on the dimensions of the package as it is delivered. thanks.
Is this cabinet for legal or letter size folders?
where was it made
what are the dimensions?
What is the difference between the 5mil and 3mil pouches?
Are these 5mil pouches really folded (seamed) on the long side as described "The lengthwise seam..."?
Will these laminating pouches work in another brand name laminator or just the Apache?
can they be cut to laminate smaller items?
The photo with this product shows non rounded corners but the description states rounded? Which is it?
When I've used a laminator I've enclosed the pouches in a white cover sheet that, presumably, protected the machine. Do I need this for my Apache?
My machine is not 11.5" wide and the instructions say to put sealed end in first. If these pouches are sealed on the 11.5" edge, will they work?
work power = 220v
Can I punch holes (3 hole punch) in them and have it still stick to the paper?
Can you use these pouches in a Swingline GBC laminator?
Is it possible to change the positions of the mounts on this stand? I would want to have a single monitor on the bottom and the dual monitors up top.
Does it come with screws for mounting the monitors?
Can you move the two side mounts in closer together or are they at a FIXED distance - it's hard to tell from the images whether they are adjustable.
Does this mount work with 19" flat screen tv's?
1)I have a 24" and 2X22" screens. No problems in mounting? 2)24" screen has no screws holes. Can I slide it on centre pole?Diameter of pole?Thnx!
On the bottom does it just sit in the table or i comes with a thing so you can put it throw a hole.
Will this monitor support two 24" ASUS screens? Is the 24" referencing the screen size or the screen + edge size?
Can the top mount be lowered and rotated 180 degrees to allow a configuration with 2 monitors facing one direction and 1 facing the opposite direction
Does this come with the C-mount as well or is it just the desk mount?
Is it easy to adjust the height? I would like to sit and stand and raise the monitor(s) when I stand.
Can three 24" monitors be installed horizontal (landscape) and three vertica (portrait)l? Edit
Is this stand one that can be used for 3 monitors? I will upgrade to 6 soon and don't want to go from a 3 monitor stand to 6 monitor stand.
What are the dimensions of the base of the stand?
I'd like to have a total of 5 monitors. In the center I'd like to place one legal view. What's the max size that monitor can be?
what are the dimensions of the product fully assembled?
The product says "optional bolt-through mount". Does it actually come with this mount or is just stating that it supports it?
If I want a single monitor on top, and three on the bottom, can you detach the arms from the top rail?
Will this fit 4 27" monitors?
can you set 6x 25 inches monitors? size of each wide is 22.4 inches
How high from the desk can you raise the monitors? Are they steady in that position or wobbly?
When it scans the two pages of an open book, does the software convert that to two pdf pages, or are you stuck with one wide pdf page?
Does the scanner come with the black mat?
Does it work with Mac yet?
What is the maximum size you can have the book? I lbros I want to scan very large. 23 in?
What power source does it use? I may need to use it overseas (220V). Is the power unit built-in or a separate multi-voltage "brick"?
How portable is this machine? I need to scan large deed books and maps at the courthouse.
How does this product compare to Xcanex from PiQx Imaging. ???
can you scan sheet music? is there alignment problems?
Is the lighting splashed evenly on the scanned material? I sometimes put text scans through a Photoshop script that depend on the page been evenly lit
We have log books to scan that are written in pencil, how does this scanner do with pencil?
How much can be written on one side? Also can there be engraving on both sides?
how thick is this pendant?
How long is the chain?
how do i email to put what I want for the engravings?
is the pendant usable as a guitar pick?
Could you write in both sides?
How high can the vesa mounts be raised from the desk? *Sorry about the other stupid question
How far forward are the wings compared to the center? ( Looks like there's almost no curve? )
What is the width of the clamp and can it be disassembled? (It looks like there's two hex screws holding the two parts together)
Does this Triple Monitor mount come with compliant screws for mounting the monitors? My monitors did not come with screws. Thanks
How can the vesa mounts be raised from the desk?
Do the vesa mounts allow monitor rotation?
will this work on a glass table
Will it hold (relatively easily) three 23" monitors?
Is it possible to somehow make this tri monitor mount into a dual one until I get another monitor? Like the ability to remove one side?
Are the arms flexible ? Would this need a two table setup or should one table suffice for 3 monitors?
can you use the camera while the device is in case?
How do I know if I have a 2013 or 2014 8.9 HDX?
I need a lightweight cover for my HDX 8.9 2013 - how much does this cover weigh?
Just bought the Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 and am shopping for a case. I keep reading "for 2013 release". Is the HDX the 2013 version?
How do I insert the Kindle into the case? The case almost seems too small for the Kindle and I hesitate to try to stretch the leather edges for fear
Wil I be able to take a picture with this cover. Or do you have to slide the Kindle quote from the case
What is a stylus pen? Is it a pen or pointer for the screen?
could someone measure the length of the refill? from tip to tip? I need to know if it will fit for a project I'm working on.
what size is the refill?
what refill does it use?
What is the height of the deck top when folded down?
What are the dimensions of the area pictured for the printer?
what size monitor would fit in the upper compartment? I have a 23-inch all in one computer.
What are the dimensions of the interior "open" space when the lid is closed? HxWxD
would it fit a tower computer? 16.30"L x 7.30"W x 17.30"H
How tall is the upper compartment? I can't find that information anyplace.
What are the dimensions of the cubbies in the top area of the desk? Are they required or can they be left out? Wondering if my computer speakers will fit in the cubbies and if not, can I not install them while putting this together.
Is it made from real solid wood ?
The description says the dimensions are 61 x 61 x 30 inches but people are saying it's 61 x 20....?
I have a monitor stand with three monitors, totalling of about 100lbs, will this desk support the stand and the monitors or will it crack?
Is the glass see through or is it painted underneath? Is the glass attached or just sitting on top? Also, how thick is the glass? Thanks!
Is it possible to add a keyboard tray to this desk?
How long/wide are the seperate pieces?
I need to calculate the shipping by sea freight. What are the dimension of the box / packing that it came with?
How tall is this desk?
how much weight will it bear?
I want to buy a large chair mat, what are the dimensions measuring from the "inside" area? Thanks!
Is it possible to flip the positions of the frame and combine a desk adjacent to it?
Weight capacity
How far back can it lean (tilt)? My current chair supports 350lbs but doesn't lean back very far, I didn't know if this is common for 350+ chairs?
I was wondering if there was a replacement shock for this chair? Otherwise I would like to request a warranty claim. The height drops as soon as you
My husband asked for the "RealSpace" big and tall chair sold by Office max. When i look at this listing it says "by TUL" but says it ships from OfficeMax. I just want to make sure it's the same chair. Is this the high back version (that's the only...
Is a instruction manual supposed to come with this?
I was wondering if there was a replacement shock for this chair? Otherwise I would like to request a warranty claim. We've had this chair for just ove
I will be heading to my dad's this weekend to assemble this chair. Can someone please tell me what tools I need to take?
how much weight will it support?
How far back does it tilt? Mine currently tilts about a 1/3rd arc. Thanks
whats the weight capacity??
what's the weight capasity?
Is the color same (Chocolate) or is it gray as I saw in store?
How does the seat padding hold up to heavy use?
Does this chair have good lumbar support?
Does this chair tilt backwards, swivel and rock? Also, what is the lowest height adjustment?
Does this chair tilt backwards? Also, what is the lowest height adjustment and highest height adjustment on this chair?
What is the hight of the back of the chair from the seat to the top?
How can I adjust the tension of the chair so it reclines more easily?
What is the seat depth and width?
What is the weight capacity that this chair can hold?
I saw this chair at a friend's house and the fake leather is peeling off like a snake, and they treat it with utmost care. Anyone else?
Can anyone explain how to assemble this?
Does this chair has a reclining mechanism?
Is is white or off white?
Can this chair be used without the arms?
what is the height of the seat at the lowest setting?
Does this chair get dirty easily from regular use? Is it easy to clean and maintain the nice white color?
Does this have good lumbar support? I'm prone to lower back pain.
At the lowest height setting, what is the measurement from floor to arm?
The Base model KX-TG9541/2 is expandable up to 6 remote handsets. What about the BASE handset? Is the base handset considered part of the 6?
I just need to replace a base landline phone that is old and not working. Will this phone be sufficient for that?
Does this phone have a headset jack?
Does this phone have a mute function or button
easy to program from the base?
is it possible to turn off the riger for line 2 while keeping it on for line 1, and/or are line 1 and 2 ringer volumes controled separately?
Is the holder for this handset wall mountable?
Is this phone analog?
Good Days, does this one serve him like to help to the series KX-TG93XX that also is 2 telephonic lines?? Thank you
will this work with kx9392?
What is copy yield on XL versus standard cartridges?
Are they genuine Epson inks
How many cartridges do you get, 4 or 5? Thanks.
I'm confused. Does this include both black and photo black or not? The picture shows both, but the verbiage says "four pack".
Does this item contain Epson 273XL Black/Standard CMY &amp; Photo Black Color Ink Cartridges? Which means the box would contain 5/pack instead of 4/pack.
Does it work with with a Samsung Galaxy S4 mini?
Can you see the powerpoint presentation notes for the slides on your device and project the slide on the screen at the same time?
Does this work well with the iPhone 6 and iOS 8?
Does it work with Prezi presentations?
I used the device successfully everyday for a few weeks in my classroom. Now it rarely makes the connection, making it useless. Is there a fix?
Does the laser stay on if I want to use another app? I'm thinking this would be useful for hanging pictures etc. and I could use iPhone's spirit level
Does it only work with 4s and later? I have a 4 and would like to know if it would still work?
Is it compatible with any other android cellphones?
Can the arm be lowered on the pole? All images shows it at the very top
What is the adjustable height range? I see from another Q&amp;A that it lowers to 1" above the desk. At its tallest how high above the desk is it?
Can this be inversely installed on a desk (pole facing down ) so I get the platform low below a desk when I lie on a low sofa ?
Can this be mounted on the side of a table, and then swing around to your lap? Does the shelf rotate?
Any reason why I couldn't use this for a monitor and wireless keyboard as long as they fit and are under the weight limit?
Can this be attached to a glass-top desk?
Could I potentially mount this to my wall?
how does it connect to the desk?
can the arm have a 360 rotate?
Can the this be used &amp; installed at the front edge of the desk?
how do i order the holder for the stamp?
Is it possible to refill the ink on this stamp? can i purchase the ink through amazon? if so, please share the product name.
how do you custimes this
I have not received an email from you to list the info for the stamp. Please let me know how to proceed.
How do you fill out what you want on the stamp?
Where do you buy the refill pads/ink? How much do they cost?
What do I do when the ink dries ?
How do I know if the number of characters I need will fit on this stamper? Do you have details of characters allowed?
When do I give the information for the personalized stamp?
Where do I type in the options/characters I want on my stamp?
How do you indicate color of ink??
Is the ink refillable?
Is this compatible with other computers/monitors besides mac?
I want to know the same answer! What is the maximum weight the glass top can support?
Where can i get a power supply for the usb hub? I would like it to be able to charge my devices, and there is no power supply included,.
Does this item come with the clip plugged into the USB port?
It appears to be very tight for a laptop, correct. The dimensions is only 7.5" from front to back???
can anyone give me the exact dimensions of the area UNDER the bridge - between the two risers on each side. I'm trying to slide a Wacom tablet under
Does it work on multiple electrical voltages? Meaning does it work with 220V power outlets?
what are the dimensions?
will a 16.5 inch keyboard slide underneath the stand?
What is the color of drawer?
What is the fixed length?
The inside of my drawer is only 11-1/2" wide. Will this fit in it?
What is the size fully expanded?
What is the size of the drawer organizer when it is not expanded?
what are the dimensions of this drawer organizer
Are these dimensions before the organizer is expanded and if so, what are the expanded dimensions? Thanks
Are you able to remove the cushions if you want to use the table for writing purposes?
How large a tablet can the slot handle?
Will a Samsung Galaxy pro (12.2 inch) tablet fit the slot? What's the exact length please?
Is the cushion filled with micro beads or some kind of foam?
What are the dimensions of this lap desk?
how big of laptop can i put on it
Will A iPad Air fit in the Slot?
does it work with the surface RT
Does your lap stay cool with the "beanbag" on top? Especially on warm days?
what are the dimensions
What kind of material the top layer , Is it cloth or what?
Is the top smooth so it could be used as a writing surface?
how many inches is it long and wide?
What is the material for the cushion?
I've got a Macbook Pro 13" and a very small USB mouse for it. Will the mouse be useable with this lapdesk, or should I look into a bigger one?
Is this fit Macbook pro 13 inch?
How well does this printer do labels? I need to do postage labels - 1/4 sheet labels. I may have to run the label sheets through more than once.
I am going paperless. Can I scan to a USB drive?
does a new 1163w come with a USB cable?
can I get a color cartridge for Dell B1163W
Will this printer work with a samsung google chromebook series 5 500?
It all worked great until I had to get a new tower. It now copies okay but the "box" that came up on screen to tel it to scan now wont come up ?
does scanner have a flatbed for unusal shapes?
Does this printer work with the latest version of the Mac OS?
does it scan b&amp;w or color?
Please advise where to add the recipient I want to scan to?
Is anyone using this scanner/software with Windows 8.1?
does this integrate with windows outlook contact manager? or with salesforce?
Two questions, please: 1. Software collates multiple pages as single PDF doc? 2. Scan both sides of page in single pass?
So, if I buy this scanner it comes with the organizing software? Will it organize receipts spreadsheet style with totals?
Does it work in the Mac environment?
what size and how much does it weigh?
Does it work with android and ios?
Does this scanner come with any software? What software would you recommend?
Is this scanner laser?
Will it work with Windows 8.1 and Excel 2013?
Does this scanner have a separate charger?
does it read UPS, FEDEX, USPS, DHL barcodes?
Does it work with Mac OS ?
Will it store codes for later download
And the book provided says Chinua Achebe on the side; is that the correct photo? Is the journal in honor of the Nigerian author?
Is the paper lined? Or are the pages blank?
What are the dimensions of the item? And how many sheets of paper are there?
Are these filled with ink already or just the cartridges?
My black cartridges will not snap into place. Why? Ref: WP-4530
How many pages can I get from each cartridge?
Thank you for your answer. Can this "Hybrid Ink" be mixed safely with PIGMENT, or should I remove all of my pigment cartriges first?
Is this DYE Or PIGMENT? Thanks
what is the story about not locking in with 4530
How well does this print #10 envelopes?
does the printer come with the ink/toners or do those have to be bought separate
Does ADF scanner work with odd paper sizes like credit card statements? Does ADF scanner accidentally pull multiple sheets in at once?
If it runs out of one color of ink will it still print or will it stop completely?
Does this printer has wifi
what paper weights
Does it print, copy, fax and scan?
Please tell me what "Air Print" is. Is it wi-fi?
Does the C2665DNF have a bypass output tray at the back of the printer for envelopes and thicker paper stock?
Is this really a laser printer
can you charge the note 10.1 in the case?
Will this work with Galaxy Tab 3 10.1 P5210?
Will this keyboard work with a Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Model GT-P5113
is it compatible with Samsung tab 2 10.1
is this keyboard a US or UK?
I would like to know if you can set the Samsung 10.1 in the vertical position above the keyboard besides setting it in the shown in the photo.
Is this device also compatible with the Note 10.1 2014 Edition
plz include the countries where the product can be shipped
hey, is there tools available with this purchase ?
Does it fit Tmobile?
will this work on a verizon phone ?
Where it is shiped from
does this come with front camera and home button?
does this come with the tools to fix it?
does it fit at&amp;t
Does this fit a sprint iphone 5?
how do you load. there are no instructions
Doesn't say core size anywhere, would it work with 3" core tape?
where can I buy replacement teeth / blades for this particular model?
Will it hold the Scotch tape rolls?
What are the tabletop dimensions?
when assembled how high off the ground is the top of the lower curved rail where the wheel is attached?
Is it capable of using while sitting on a living room couch or chair? If the furniture has the needed clearance to accommodate the height of the bott
Do the wheels lock?
will this fit a 17 inch laptop with a mouse on the side or beverage?
Can someone use this as a smaller standing desk?
Is this able to be used as a standing table?
Measured from a level position, how far can the front edge go down? go up?
How much weight can it hold? A 23" flat screen?
Can the trays fold down completely so it will not take space when not in use?
Does the scanner automatically detect the size of the photo?
What is the max size document or photo this unit will scan??
What kind and size batteries does this scanner use?
What is the power source of the dock? Is it from a battery? from a computer?(laptop/desktop) or from a wall outlet?
Does it come with USB connection cord? Or is wireless only?
Does it scan business cards and plastic drivers licenses? Does it organize items alphabetically? Can you import to Excel?
Will this device easily scan such things as plastic drivers' licenses?
Is this compatible with Windows 8.1 &amp; 10
Does scanner package come with software?
Other than width, what is the difference between this and the DX-1000XXL version?
Could this be cut to fit ? I like the width but its too long for what I need.
Are all logos shown in the picture appear on the mat?
Is it safe to throw this mousepad into a washing machine for a cleaning?
Anyone have any issues with your keboard sliding around on it?
is the surface cloth or plastic?
I realize this is a cloth surface mouse pad, but is it the typical weave feel, or is it a little stiffer(slightly like a hard surface)?
does this system have a intercom?
does it have speed dial?
Does it display constant time on screen in the dark which I can see without pushing any buttons?
does base phone work if power is off?
Does this phone system have a caller block?
Can these notebooks fit into the leather passport holders?
Does 48 pages mean 48 sheets? Or 24 sheets?
How many mm are lines/dots spaced? Also how many lines per page?
are these weather/waterproof?
What is the difference between the 3540 and 3530 ? Why does the 3530 cost more ??
Is there any starter ink included with the printer?
Does it work easily with Windows 8?
Is it compatible with a Surface RT
is this for a 64 bit and window 7???
Can it print over wifi while connected via USB and/or ethernet?
ink?
What is the ink cartridge #?
Will this printer work with only a black ink cartridge and without a color cartridge installed?
Can the print head be removed for external cleaning purposes?
Can you fit an 8.5x11 paper in it flat or do you have to fold it?
What are the INSIDE dimensions of this safe?
Will this hold, say, a handheld CB radio and a flaregun?
can i leave this unlocked or does it automatically lock?
Do papers/contents get wet or mildew/mold on them when closed in this safe?
Can this safe be screwed or bolted down?
What are the inside dimensions?
How many inches does it lifts to? I need one that lifts 22 to 29 inches.
My chair has an extended rod through the base and a clip on the end. Can that black casing come off? Will this work?
Does this cylinder include the ball bearing post washer portion, as my current chair does?
will this fix a wobble in a computer chair?
Will this fit into an Arozzi Enzo chair?
Does this come with a bearing kit?
Does this fit the broyhill big &amp; tall chair, model 8935?
How exact must the measurements be? My chair has about 1.1 top, but 1.75 bottom section before base.
I have a black padded seat elastic mesh model #11745-us, sku # 570621. Will this part fit or do I need another one ?
Will this work with a Herman Miller Aeron chair?
Does the mount come with the part needed to install it on a slatwall? Also, will it work with a Gladiator GearTrack heavy duty rack?
Can the arm be attached to a pole that is permanently fixed at top and bottom, i.e. without sliding it over the top?
Will you send/sell me the desk edge mounting bracket (if you have loose ones) so I can test mount. If it works I will then need 2-6 units.
How far in from the edge of the desk does the clamp need to clamp on ? I only have about 1.25 inches of space on which to have the clamp bite.
What is the minimum-maximum diameter of a pole that the arm could be attached to?
Can the modules be tightened so they are more steady and harder to move?
Can you tilt the screen so much, so that it's actually facing completely upwards lying horizontal?
My desk is 2" thick. Will the desk clamp still fit?
If I tare something and take a little while to load it, will the scale still turn off 60 seconds later, losing my tare?
Does this scale weigh in Grains ??, in 0,1 or 0.01 grains ??
Can this scale be connected to a computer with an rs 232 cable?
How does this scale compare with American Weigh Scale GPR-20 Digital MilliGram Scale, 20 by 0.001G ? by
What do you know about the : DBPOWER&reg; Precision 1mg Digital Scale 0.001g x 30g ??
Can count be used to count individual grains of black powder ?
can i weigh 15mg
Will this scale auto-shut-off if it is plugged in with an ac adapter?
Does the entire surface take weight or just the concave portion? Example, if I was trying to authenticate a sports card
can i weigh 5mg
Would this cover work with a windows 8 tablet? as in give enough access to the sides of the screen for swiping and whatnot? thanks
How well does the mouse pad respond?
Is there a delete key on the keyboard?
does this have a hinge like a laptop screen so i can put it where i want it?
Does it have magnetic clousres? front flap or keyboard? How does the keyboard stay put?
how do I know when the keyboard is fully charged? I have no manual for keypad
does this only fit galaxy tablets or will it fit other 10.1-inch tablets too?
Is there a mouse built into keyboard?
does it set up far enough to complete school work?
where is mousepad i got with this item i cant find it?
What are the dimensions of this desk?
What are the dimensions of the CPU cabinet?
Can the desk be put together with the opposite configuration?
does it come with a slide out keyboard tray?
Do any of the drawers lock?
Does it have openings to get cables through?
do the drawers come assembled? Or do I need to put those together too?
Could you install a keyboard tray on this since it doesn't come with one??
Is it reversible?
I have a corner to put it in and 56 inches on both walls in the corner..will this fit?
Can it be used under European AC voltage (220-240V)?
I have 50 year old slides that have faded. Is it worth trying to convert them and restore? Would this tool help or are there better ways?
Can you actually see the negative or slide before you choose to scan it? In other words, can the Wolverine be used to view slides/negatives?
Please describe how one is to use this unit in order to transfer slides to DVD's or whatever the end results of the prosess is? Thanks!
How fast does it scan each 35mm negative?
Is this better than the jumbl slide scanner? I tried that one and it takes a nice crisp slide and makes a blurry mess out of it!
Once a 35mm slide or negative is converted, what is the JPEG's file size, and can I adjust the 20MP down to 4MP so that it's not to large to email?
Disappointing that it cuts off top and bottom of negative, and you have to lose part of left and right. Any workaround if you want the whole negative?
is there a way to brighten dark slides in the scanner before saving?
my negative fits inside the adapter but its scanning 90% of the image? width of negative is 35mm which is perfect for adapter and picture length on negative is 36mm ... which shows correctly on the adapter but it is not correctly scanned ... dont know...
Is the a gray market lens? Does it come with a Nikon warrantee or a 3rd party warrantee?
Will this work with the D40?
will this fit d5300?
Will this lense (Nikon 55-300 VR) work with a Nikon D80?
will this work with D7000?
will this work with d5200 with no issues ?
Can you scan multiple pages and save it as a single PDF document?
Has anyone tried rechargeable batteries with a DS004 base or scanning "wand"?
THis item was described as a scanner for Black &amp; white &amp; color &amp; for Microsoft &amp; mac. Then at the end it indicated the color was black &amp; not for mac.
I notice the software doesn't work with Macs. Does the scanner work with VueScan Pro from Hamrick?
Will this scan both sides of the sheet or will I have to turn the paper over
how well does this scan books? does it distort out near the center?
Can the scanner be power by a plug in method ?
Is this compatible with windows 8/8.1 32 or 64 bit?
Does the docking station have a scan head to allow duplex scanning?
How will this work with old photo's?
is there a headphone input?
Do you hear your answering machine announcement for every incoming message.
1. Does the Number lit up during darkness? 2. How many recently received calls/Call history can we check?
Does it have a call log which lists the incoming and outgoing calls? Thank you.
it works in Venezuela?
What color is this? White or silver? Thanks
Refurbished? Any warranty?
Someone mentioned the answering machine doesn't flash when you have a message. So how do you know when someone has left a message?
Does it have the belt slips like old ones did?
Is the plug for 110 - 240 v? Or only for 110?
What are the dimensions of this carrying case? I purchased one that said it would hold the 4th gen scanners but it was a 1/4 in. too short.
Which carrying case is compatible with the PDSDK-ST470-VP magic wand scanner?
Can the dock w/scanner fit in this carrying case?
Just to double check, will this work with the Galaxy Note 3 also?
Does it announce your caller by name?
Does it speak your text messages?
When paired with my iphone 5 the phone will not alert me when a text comes in (the alert is only audible through the bluetooth). Why???
Can you stream music from your iphone to it?
Does it display the battery level (the remaining power/charge) on the iphone display so you can see how much battery life is left before it runs out?
If I want to end a phone call, is there a button on the headset that I can click or do I need to click the "end call" button on my phone?
will this work with I phone 4?
Will it work with my lumina ( windows phone)?
it paired fine with my iPhone 4s but I get no sound from it when in blue tooth mode. Please advise.
sice it says this works with 564xl does it work for the HP printer that says HP 564 set up
how many copies can you make with this item? 300? 750?
chips?
why are there 5 cartridges I have a HP photosmart 6520 when i bought it it said it was specifically for my printer Thanks, robert (izzy)
what is the difference of HP 564 and HP 564 XL
Are these compatible with HP Photosmart 6520?
The picture on Amazon shows a window in the photo-black cartridge. Do all of the cartridges have a window that shows the ink level?
I have a 7520 hp will these work in it it takes new generation 564 cartridge
My printer requires the 564 but they dont say xl on the colored cartridges? will they still work?
I have the HP 7520 printer, How do I find the setting to turn off the printer from looking to see if it has a "genuine hp cartridges installed"?
How do I personalize?
Hello, If I order 2 pieces, would I get charged douhle shipping? Thanks
The picture shows three tags. How many are in the box?
Just recieved the luggage tag. How do i get the template for the pdf?
Are these only able to hold paper/business cards? What about a plastic corporate ID card (think credit card without the embossed information)?
how can open the the band
Is this product warrantied? Aluminum is usually a malleable medal. Seems to me this tag would be easily damaged by luggage handlers.
If we wanted to use these for corporate gifts, could we send you our logo and have you insert it in the luggage tags?
Do it really say "Proud Guy" in large letters?!
WIll these work for an xp 410?
will these work with epson xp310
Will these work for my wf 2540?
I recently tried remanufactured ink cartridges for a wf2630 printer and printer would not recognize them. Do you have any that will work?
will this cartridge work good on an epson WF2540?
Has anyone used these with a Workforce 2540 and they worked?
Would this ink work with WF 2630?
do they work for Epson XP-200 ?
does this fit epson 2530
Does it work with Epson WF 2650?
are the cards completely blank?
What's the weight of the paper?
Are the cards die cuts or like note cards
does the lock, lock all 3 drawers, if not which drawers
Is it made of metal or steel, if metal what is the thickness
this is a letter sized file cabinet, right?
Do the drawers extend fully? Or do have to squeeze you hand to the back to reach something for the last 1/4 of the drawer?
Wondering if this is a true black or more of a dark gray color? Also wondering if the height listed is with or without the wheels on? Thank you!
Does it comes with a key lock?
What are the dimensions inside the drawers?
do these come pre assembled?
Do they come with wheels?
Are these metal? If not, what kind of material are they made of?
compatible with Epson xp 310?
Are the ink cartridges compatible with the Epson XP-410?
compatible with Epson WF-2530?
compatible with Epson XP-200 printer?
Compatible with XP-410?
compute does not recognize the ink, any solutions?
printer does not recognize cartridge
will these work with Espon xp-320?
Is this compatible with Epson WF-3620?
Compatible with WF-2630?
What does subscription required mean?
I can't find the uAttend user manuals / setup guides anywhere on the uAttend site or anywhere else. Need to see a pdf copy before purchasing. Help.
Could it work with battery support?. Energy is sometimes down in the nights, it would loose the data?
Includes Spanish language?
What is a POE splitter?
I need multiple clocks for multiple locations, do I need to sign up for multiple subscriptions? One per each clock?
How much is the required subscription?
Has anyone scanned this with credit cards inside to see if it really works?
What are the dimensions?
I have to carry health insurance cards for my kids--will it fit two cards per slot and still close securely?
I have a large oversized ID card I must carry that measures 3 7/8" by 2 5/8" - will this wallet accommodate a card of that size?
is the latch made or steel, or is it made of plastic like the cheaper aluminum wallets/card holders?
is it waterproof?
Will a US Passport fit in this case?
How many business cards does this hold?
Is Passport Cover have RFID Scanning too?
How much are engravings and are you able to do images?
Exactly what are we actually purchasing? "Red Cart Is Not Included" ?
What size of cart does it fit over? (ex. 1.2 cubic feet)
What is this cover made of?
Does it have a zippered pouch on the side?
What are the dimensions of the cart this cover fits?
Does it come with all requisite cables and cords?
does it support the twain driver
Hi, Is this scanner works on 220 volt 50Hz?
Can photos be fed through the document feeder?
Does this scanner scan to PDF format?
Does this scanner (FI-7160) work with Fujitsu's ScanSnap software?
How close are you to having a MAC compatible version of the Fi 7160? If you do have one or will have one soon, does that mean I can't use it with PC?
You did NOT answer my question....What other software will I need w/ the 7160 to create/read/scan pdf files?
Is this scanner twain compliant?
Does the Fujitsu brand scan to PDF?
Will it work with USA t.mobile
is it compatible with iphone
1.Please tell about the battery backup? 2.Is there wifi hotspot on this mart watch?
it is compatible with ipon
Does this watch download android apps?
What is the talk time and standby time on this watch?
Can I use this with my kokkia wireless earbud? I don't want to carry my android phone when I go jogging. For music only while jogging.
Dose it compatible with android phones???
can I download app from play store?
Is it 3G or 4G ?
is this compatible with windows 8 and is it wireless
hi, it's compatible with window xp
does it work witth windows 8
does this printer have usb 2.0 connectivity???
how to change ink cartridge?
has anyone out there tried to set up this printer when running yosemite (os 10.10)? just wondering whether or not drivers, etc. are available. thx.
Is this wireless? and compatiable with W8?
what other ink cartridge is compatiable with this printer
I had to go to HP website to load drivers because my computer doesn't have a place for CD's. Now I'm trying to figure out how make it wireless?
would this easily stick to cinderblock/peel off easily?
Would this be ideal for a pantry door (to cover pantry door glass)
Do you use chalk or dry erase markers on this chalkboard paper? Sorry if that information is apparent.
Will it stick to a SS refrigerator door?
Has anyone used a cricut to cut shapes out?
will this stick to mason jars to label drinks?
anyone sure that the paint on the walls wont come off
Can you use neon dry erase markers on this?
is the good for outdoor use
Would it stick on textured wall?
Is it possible to hang this in a cubicle? If so, does it come with a hook, or should I buy one?
how much weight can this hold? will it accommodate 8.5 x 11 postcards?
Can this be collapsed then expanded any hung, contents still inside on a need to work basis? Thanks
Can this expand or be added to? I need about 12 compartments!
It looks like relatively thin plastic. If I wanted to make it shorter (sacrificing one of the folders) could simply I cut it with a pair of scissors?
I'm assuming by the measurements that papers "hang" in portrait orientation. Can anyone tell me if this is correct?
It doesn't seem like the one mounting spot (middle of the handle at the top) is enough to hold the weight of the paper. Would I be able to put a screw at each of the top corners through the material into the wall, or it is hard plastic? Thanks.
Are the pockets large enough to hold manilla files?
How would I hang this on a wall that you can not put a hook in?
How *wide* is this organizer? (Is it really only 10" wide? That doesn't make sense based on the photo...)
Descr. states cloud subscription is included. Am I correct in that I don't have to pay for any fees for NeatCloud or is it a limited tim subcription?
What is the voltage for this? (i.e. Is it US &amp; EU or just US)?
how easy is to scan and create the digital file in the computer and the cloud
what is the difference between this unit and their other neat scanner
What is the difference between this unit and the so-called "newer" link linked here ?
can i use this just with out connect to internat by using USB to desk top computer?
Will it interface with Quicken 2012?
Can I export the scanned business cards to Outlook?
Can I scan multiple business cards at the same time?
Can you scan just as a document with receipts instead of sending it to any cloud service program?
Can it hold 3 Dell 24" Monitors?
I have a 26 inch, 23 inch and 22 inch, I want to mount them landscape and the heaviest I roughly 24 pounds. Will it work?
can you ship internationally?
how much ink does it use?
can you adjust the paper length instead of it being 8 1/2 x 11 and make it like 9 x13 or 7 1/4 x 10 3/4 for example
Is it windows 7 compatibale?
Is it necessary to have a separate dedicated phone line for fax, or can it be done over a household phone line?
any idea what kind of USB cable I would need for this printer?
what type of ink and how much? I have an hp 651- and tried to replace just the black...it wants all the diff colors replaced ....too expensive
Can it scan pictures onto the computer?
can it reprint a fax?
Does this printer print photos and what is the quality?
what HP ink does this use?
Do you have a toner set compatible with the OKI CX2731 MFP? If not, can you refill my present cartridges? Thanks
do we need the computer chip kit to replace the ink cartridges
How many pages do you get from this toner cartridge?
Does this ink work well with cannon MG5420?
Is the black ink used for both Photo and Regular black cartridges?
how many OZ is each bottle of ink?
Is this BCH Ink Cartridge Refill Kit for Canon PG-210 and PG-210XL (PIXMA MP495)?
Does this ink work well with Canon PIXMA MX922?
Does this ink work well with HP DeskJet 3050
Does this ink work well with cannon BCI 1431
Will this work for the hp 564 cartridges?
Will this work on Canon Ipf710?
is this available for hp 1515 (ink 662)?
Do they have the chip?
Does it REALLY work with MFCJ450?
Brother MFC-J870DW not recognizing black ink any way to fix this?
Is this going to work on new 2015 Brother MFC-J870DW Firmware Version? Later firmware versions disable the use of many third party inks!
I have a BrotherJ870DW - the box says the cartridge is compatible, but the printer can't detect it. Am I doing something wrong? Printer came July 14
I own a brother MFC-J450DW and just ordered these speedy inks, will they work with this printer?
Do these cartridges have an expiration date? Do they come vacuum sealed?
Did anyone have great results...no rejection of cartridge or error...directly with a MFC-J450DW printer?
Do they sell a waterfrproof ink for DVD/CD Labels?
Will Photos look bad if I use this ink? The cost of photo paper and other things add up so i'm wondering if I should just buy OME ink, Anyone do photo
Has anyone had any issues using these with a MFC-J870?
will these work on DCPJ152W ?
Will they fit a Brother MFC-J6920DW Business Smart Pro Series Printer
I have the MFC-J870 but they say LC101 on the cartridges. Will these work?
This cartridge can be recharged?
Where can I locate the stand for this product?
Where do you purchase replacement blades from?
Anyone have an issue with the blade not hitting the bar flush? There are two spots that are no longer slicing.
Anyone know where to buy the red 3/4" cut pad at?
Is the grid marked only in ISO paper sizes (A3, A4 etc) or are American paper sizes also marked?
Can I cut wax paper with this cutter?
Where can I buy replacement blades or other replacement parts?
I need to make several different sized cuts - the smallest being about 1.5" wide. Can I cut widths that small with this cutter?
Can other Panasonic phons be hooked to this system. I need 4
Can you put the call on hold from any of the handsets?
Does the phone indicate with a flashing light if you have a voicemail through the phone company (ie you are not using the built in answering system)?
Can you confirm this has intercom capabilities?
Hello, I need range of secendary devices signal range to the main device. is it enough good?
Can you connect a bluetooth headset to the handsets to use it handsfree?
How many number can I store for block numbers feature?
When using the intercom from one handset to the next, can you set it to auto-answer that you can speak without anyone picking up the phone?
can I make a separate call on one line while someone is talking on the other one
How far can the wireless units be from the base?
does this print from computer labtops
What cartridge do you black and color
Will it work with a tablet
Is this a 3 in 1 or a 4 in 1 printer
Does it scan multiple pages at once? with a feeder or one page at a time?
Is it possible to use it as a regular printer? I want to print papers (A4)
HOW DO I LOAD 4X6 PHOTO PAPER INTO MY PRINTER
Can i print out documents from a remote location, like from work, and have documents printed and waiting for me when i get home....have macbook pro.
is ink dye based
Does this printer work for windows 7, vista and windows 8.1
I was going to order these for the Pixma 7120, but 1 reviewer says they don't fit. Has anyone else tried these with the 7120?
Are these cartridges refillable, i.e., can you see when they are running low?
Is one of the black ink cartridges "pigment black," as in the Canon ink set? It's not clear from the descriptions "black" and "large black."
Will these also work with the Pixma7520? The ink cartridge numbers are the same.
I have a MG 7120 how does the photo quality compare with the canon ink that came with the printer?
What is the shelf life of these cartridges since the ink use is not uniform?
Why does everything in the product description make reference to an Epson Printer?? Isn't this for a Canon Printer??
I ordered this and all but one cartridge fit. So my printer won't work now. Now what?
Are these cartridges fully compatible with MFC-J870DW?
I purchased these for my Brother J450DW and when I went to install it the printer has a 'cannot detect' warning. Is there something else I can try?
What is the page yield for these cartridges?
My new Brother printer J4710DW won't recognize the YoYink LC103 cartridges. The same printer before recognized them. Is there a special sensor now?
The ad pic shows the 105 Hi Yield XXL cartridges, but the discription lists the 103s? Which is which?
Does anyone successfully use these with MFC-J450DW?
Anybody have luck with these on a Brother MFC-J650DW?
Do these work on a new MFC-450dw printer. I bought another brand LD Products. Had to send them back.
Is this going to work on new 2015 Brother MFC-J870DW Firmware Version? Later firmware versions disable the use of many third party inks!
How do you get the plastic tape covering off the ink outlet?
is it visible if I Want to hang it inside the window facing to the outside of my storefront bussiness? for the people who driving by to see?
Where do you order the stand?
Does it have guarantee?
can this board be mounted on a wall or will it work with a tripod stand?
Do you need to connect to a outlet or it was a battery so it would stay on ?
Does this board have a way to hang from a ceiling?
is it safe to use it outside?
I can not get the color yellow to erase ? Its permantely there! Is this a problem with the pen?
Are the board messages visible in a room with the ceiling lights turned on?
Can you have steady light instead of flash?
Has anyone who tried these with an MFC-j870dw printer that has had problems with their printer not recognizing the cartriges been able to resolve this
Has any one successfully used these with the J870DW?
Has anyone tried these in a MFC- J870DW multi printer and how do they fare?
Has anyone tried this with a Brother MFC-J450DW? It's not one of the ones on the list, but it does use the LC-103 cartridges. Thank you.
Do the ink monitoring icons on the LCD work with these (J475DW)? I know with some printers this is an issue. Thanks-
Is this cartridge compatible with MFC-J6720DW?
brother printer i have is not listed it's an mfc-j4320dw wil this ink work?
some arguments state that J870DW printers that produce after Aug, 2014 cannot recognize remanufacturerd ink! is that correct?
Has anyone had a trouble using these with a MFC-J870(MFC-J875)?
Has anyone tried this on a MFC-J875DW?
Does one need to empty out the cartridge before refilling with this toner? Would this be necessisary for a second reload of identical toner?
is your toner the same quality as original toner from brother?
I have a TN221 and the hole is quite small. The mouth for the bottle on the photo looks quite big. I wonder if it will fit to the hole?
Do I need to purchase the tool kit as well?
how many grams in each container?
ARE ALL OF THE TONERS IN THIS SET REEGA TONERS ?
Will these fit a Brother&reg; HL3170CDW Wireless Color Laser Printer
These definitely won't ruin my printer? Thx
WHICH ?? the regular OR the high yield ??
I've had problems with "compatible" cartridges not working in my machines (mostly HP.) Any issues of toner not "registering?"
Can anyone tell me if they still are satisfied with the performance of these toner replacements? I don't use the printer that much...
Are these comparable to the regular or "high yield" replacement cartriges ??
What type of hard disc dose this laptope has, Is it SSD?
Is the graphics card Quadro K1100M wtih 2GB ?
screen is 3200 x 1800 pixels or not?
RAM? Hard drive? Display resolution? Thank you.
Does Amazon sells refills for this pens?
Are these pens slim like the Swarovski Crystalline lady pens or more like the regular Swarovski pens?
Question for Folinpros: Are the crystals made by Swarovski? Where is the name or logo?
how can i change the pen refill? and where can i buy the refill?
Is there a green pen in this pack? Are the crystals real?
I just saw these at our upscale mall and they wanted more than this for ONE! Do these say Swarovski on them? The ones in the store do but cost $30 @
WHAT COLORS INCLUDE THE 12 PCS?
WILL THIS WORK WITH WINDOWS 8
can I use this on my MAC
How do I connect it to my mac laptop?
Are we able to adjust the length of the monitor stand?
How do you connect your cpu to it?
What is the length? One place says 9.1" and the other says 12.3'.
Any idea what the difference between the F1 and F3? (besides accent color) it says the F3 has USB 3.0 what does this one have?
What are the adjustable heights?
what is the max height this item will adjust to?
How long is the USB cable from stand - that I will attach to my computer, my computer is under my desk and I am not sure if Cable(s) will reach.
Will this support an iMac 27"? 2014 Model?
I know it says its not recommended for the Apple 27 in monitor, but is anyone using it successfully with this monitor?
What is the width of the opening of this stand? I have a Razer Deathstalker (20' wide) and I would like to know if it will fit under.
what is the height adjustment mechanism? hydraulic or screw/unscrew? push button lift/lower? easy to adjust frequently??
Does it cause or help backache?
what is stool made of? is there any metal or wood?
I can't stand up for long; I need a stool that I can lean against but not fully sit on at my standup desk. Is this possible AND safe?
Seat width between legs? Would this be suitable for a small woman? Seat padding thickness? Comfortable for sitting long periods?
When the stool is not in use, does the base of it stand up straight by itself, or does it need to be leaning on something?
What kind of weight load does this stool rate?
Could you sit this on a treadmill at a treadmill desk?
Uncaged Ergonomics' website indicates the chair has been improved with greater cushioning. Is this updated version what I will get from Amazon?
assembly question - are the screws supposed to go directly into the plastic on the underside of the seat? don't want to damage anything!
Does this have RJ12 jack for drawer?
what paper is used with this printer? part # ?
does this have bluetooth
Will this printer connect to an iPad using the square stand
does this have an ethernet port for networking
The description says it has USB &amp; Serial. Does the printer have both inferfaces?
Can I print texts from a webpage with this?
this printer comes with usb cable ? if not where can i get it
I have TEC SL 2200 scales that have a RS232 port for interfacing? Will this work okay? I am not a technical person.
is it compatible with 220V 60hz?
can you use a bag
How often should the blades be oiled?
What's the warranty on this shredder?
Which shredder oil is recommended for this shredder?
The Instruction Manual has led me to believe, I can only shred for 2 minutes, and then wait for 30 minutes before shredding again. Is this correct?
What are the dimensions of this shredder?
what kind oil should I use? mines stopped working..:-(
Are the credit cards strip cut horizontally or actually cross cut to obliterate the numbers and info?
Does it work on power or on battery
It is 120V - 60 Hz but how many Watts does it uses?
Does this chair allow you to lean back and rock a little? My son like to do that while he is working
Does anyone know the measurement of the base? I have pretty narrow space for the chair. It would be very helpful to know the size of the base. Thanks!
What's the height of the chair back (I mean the surface you lean to)? I am 5'11" and I want the chair to completely support my neck.
Does the chair have lumbar support?
Does this chair go up 24 inches or less measured from the ground to the top of the armrests?
Does the chair have hydraulic lift?
What is the chair's material, cushion, back and arms?
can the chair arms be left off?
Question The chair does not lower far enough for my feet to reach the floor!! I am 5"2' and so is my friend! My regular office chair at work did. Cath
what is the outside width dimension armrest to armrest?...will it fit in a 27"wide opening?
Does this work wirelessly, or do I need Cat5 connection?
Is this compatible with ringcentral?
There s something I don&acute;t get. To talk to other person, they must have this phone also or this is like a regular one with a number?
can this phone field calls from different locations and transfer them back? is voip the requirement for this feature?
does this phone comes with the power cord ?
So I get a lot of phone calls on my iPhone, does this phone allow me to get calls from both my iPhone and my line all on the same phone?
Does a Plantronics headset work well on this phone?
Does this work with Fios?
can you ship this ip phone to china?
Can this phone wall mount and have a catch so the receiver doesnt fall off.
is the NB-CP2L battery included?
CAN THIS PRINTER PRINT 8X10 PHOTOS
Is this printer compatible with the Samsung Galaxy S3 and S4?
I have seen a few comments that the print does not fill the 4X6 sheet, is this true? I am using a Sony and the prints are prefect!
Do I really have to leave this on all the time to avoid wasting ink? I want to get it for my daughter and she will not leave it on when not in use.
Is this printer compatible with all Mac - Mac OS X version 10.8.5?
I need a printer that can print wallet sizes including 3x3 or 3x4, is this the printer for me?
hi whats the biggest size photo this can print? and can I print full size computer size sheets for regular printing on this?
Hello what is the printer's power adapter? Is it CA-CP200 B, input 100 - 240 V AC (50/60 Hz), 1.5 A (100 V) - 0.75 A (240 V) right? Or 110v only?
do the prints resist fingerprints
Are you able to print pictures smaller than 4x6 or only 4x6 pictures? Could I print 2 pictures per sheet of paper if I make them smaller than 4x6?
Will this print from my iPhone 6? Thanks.
Is a battery pack included with this printer?
when i got the selphy it came with ink catridge and like 5 papers will it print more pictures with catridge i ordered the kp-108in
Does this work easily with a Samsung S4 phone?
Can you take the chip from a camera and put it into the printer
Why does the black printer cost more than the white printer? Is there a difference in quality?
This unit is compatable with mac 10.9. Is that the same as 19.9.5.?
Do I need to replace the ink everytime I replace the paper? I noticed the ink and paper comes together.
does this come with 1 year limited warranty?
If the AC power is controlled by a wall switch, does the light turn on when the AC power is on or does it need to push the power button to turn on?
Is there an extra part/cord I can buy to extend the length of the power cord?
Is this light suposed to be very hot? I can't touch it after it's been on for a while. And the power switch stops working
I have 9 of these I bought in October 2014. All of a sudden they started acting crazy. Come on by them selves, go off by themselves, change brighnes
How do I get the power cord (coming out the top of the fixture) out of the way when snapping onto the mounting clips I installed under a shelf?
Will this work on 220v? Does the small transformer that comes with it work with 220v or just 120v?
Why does this light seem so positional? First one quit when I moved it. Second one quits if I tip it so I'm not touching it. Great when it works.
how long is the cord?
Can multiple lights be chained together with the same 12V power supply?
I'm confused about installation - is this a plug-in or can it be wired in to existing electric lines?
I am trying to find refills for this journal, where should I look?
Is there a pocket in the cover to slide a card in?
What is the word in the bottom right hand corner say?
Can you order additional pages to add to this?
i recieved this as a gift, and i can't get the fan to work, am i doing something wrong? i plugged it in to my computer usb, but nothing happens...
Can the small trim piece on top for holding the laptop be removed?
bed
Can it be used with small clamp-on led lights? In other words, how thick is the mdf surface?
Is it possible to remove the little bar on top that prevents the laptop from sliding?
what is the height of the legs when not extended and then extended. Is it sturdy enough to use on a table while standing. I saw one person saying it was wobbly.
I need to elevate my laptop &amp; i use external keyboard. Also my laptop is a 17" and almost 5 lbs, so is it strong and good for my requirements?
what is the width of the platform?
Can you fold in the legs (not just shorten), but fold in &amp; under the tabletop? What's the height when completely folded?
What is the length from outside left leg to outside right leg? I need for it to fit in my recliner &amp; has to be 20" or less.
Can you fold the legs in for easy storage?
Can anyone tell me how the Cooling Fan works? I bought this table and when I plug the USB cable to my computer nothing happens. How does it turn on?
About how long does ink last? About how much can you print before needing more ink?
How well does this printer handle card stock?
can you print in black ink only to save color cartridges?
Is this printer compatible with an android tablet?
Does it have fax?
According to the below, sSome folks say I'll only be able to use Canon ink cartridges, others say I will be able to use other brands. Which is true?
Do Canon ink cartridges expire? My current HP all-in-one is it is complaining my Black cartridge (which I just installed) is near expiration date.
If you could do it over, would you buy this printer again? Or would you opt for a different brand or model?
Does this model have a USB port?
I only have Internet capability through my Apple iPad. Can I use this printer with out having another wifi connection?
Do you have to use it wireless? Can you use a printer cable with it?
How does the ink usage compare to HP printers? Do I have to throw away ink and get a whole new cartridge every time 1 of the 4 colors runs out?
say I want to copy or scan 10 documents, will it automatically feed the 10 documents or do I have to manually feed each one individually? thanks
My hp does not print edge to edge. How does this print? I always get an error of unable to print outside of printing margins. :(
paper jamming on cannon pixma 532?
Does the Canon MX 532 have a paper tray that is inside? Our current one has the shelf type tray that always shows the paper. Prefer inside for neater.
Can this printer print 5x7 photos?
what size paper can it print? can it print up to 11x17in?
still scan and fax if out of ink
Can it scan a document or photo and send it wirelessly to your computer ? Thanks
does it scan and copy
Does the PIXMA i8720 handle card stock well? I run a very small greetings card business, and my current printer murders card stock.
Does this printer have a SD memory card slot? I need to be able to print using a SD card?
where do you feed the 11x17 paper? In the tray underneath or does it have to go up top? And if up top, how many sheets does it hold so that I'm not babysitting all day for a print job.
What are people's experience with Compatible inks vs. Canon inks? The price difference is huge. Is there any down-side?
can the printer be connected to the ip via usb cable instead of a network
can you print greeting cards?
Hi - I think yes, but must verify. Can it print via non wireless/direct to computer connection? Router doesn't always play nicely w peripherals
has anyone tried printing this with different sized cardstock? is it known if it can handle an 80 lb thickness? had a previous canon which could not
Does the printer software support 12X12 paper size?
Does the printer come with cartridges included? Thanks
is this printer wireless?
Is this printer able to print photos?
Can this printer be packed in the same bag with laptop? Do I need a separate bag for it?
does it come with a printer cable?
Has anyone got this printer to accept 3rd party cheaper ink. How? Please explain.. I am afraid that this cheap printer will reject them...
Is the ink cartridge for this printer refillable?
Will this unit operate with only the black ink cartridge installed? The color cartridge slot empty.
I want to print in monochrome mode. Do I need to have color and BW toner in place at all time?
can smbd explain how to install the cd? I have a macair, it reads the cd, but I dnt see install written anywhere, I am not sure wht to click on.. thx!
Does it take cardstock well? even heavier weight cardstock?
Does it have a rear document feed?
I will use this printer infrequently, will the ink "dry out" or the heads clog if only used a couple of times a year?
Does it continue to print in black when colors are low or need to be replaced?
I realize this is a wireless printer but are you able to plug it in and use it wired?
How many ink refills does it need? I am seeing 5 different products it's compatible with. Does that mean I need to buy all 5 ink re-fills?
Does 11x17 paper feed automatically? or will I have to feed it in manually?
I intend to use this printer outside the USA with 220V current. Is there any problem that I must be aware of when using it in these conditions? Thank you for your answer
Does it come with ink? The "what's in the box" says it comes with setup ink tanks which doesn't mean anything to me.
Amazon says this is a "newer version" of Canon Pixma iX6520 Inkjet Printer. I need the graphics ability of X6520 but in a wireless printer. Anyone know if this one is truly equivalent to the X6520 in terms of quality of output?
Is there any benefit/detriment to purchasing the download and not purchasing the CD/Rom
Do you need to use the CD every time, or can you upload the program into your computer, like Office?
Can i download and run final draft 9 from flash memory?
Is collabowriting gone? It's not under the tools menu anymore and there's no mention of collabowrite / collabowriting / collabowriter in the help doc
I'm looking to start using a screenplay writing program as opposed to just a Microsoft Word for writing my screenplays. Is this program worth the buy?
If I buy this to download, can I use it on 2 PC's? I am buying a new one next week but want to start using Final Draft now.
I want to you if Final Draft 9, or 8 has the same flaw as Final Draft 7. The title page appears last when you PDF the script or print it.
What's the difference between this version and the EDU version?
I have a Mac and PC. can i install on both or do I have to choose one?
Final Draft 9 or Movie Magic Screenwriter Version 6? I've heard so many good things about both it's hard for me to choose between the two of them.
Is this the new required CMS 1500 HCFA form required by Anthem Blue Cross ? Filled out by hand? Can be faxed? Tips for filling out? Caught off guard
Does this form work with office ally? I ordered from another vendor and they did not line up correctly. just want to make sure before I buy.
Do you have to hand write onto these forms or is there a computer template that you can type into and then print the forms from the printer?
I usually have filled by hand. In order to print doesn't my computer need a template to use to fill in?
Does each form have printing on both sides?
does this item provide a duplicate copy?
Is it made in USA ?
If I choose "two pens", are they come with two gift cases?
does this work with cartridge?
Does it matter if you are left-handed
Is this a fine tip pen
do these take the generic international ink cartridges, or do they need special parker cartridges?
Does it contain ink converter?
Is it a fine or medium point?
What size Quink refills does the pen require?
My pen dries out after sitting idle for a couple of days. Is there a hack for preventing this? I really like the pen.
Worked fine at the beginning but I now have a black streak down the middle. I've down the auto cleaning but it's still there. Any sugestions?
Has anyone had problems with their printer not recognizing the replacement cartridges?
does it work for HP LaserJet 400 colorMFP M475dw
does it work with HP 451dw?
Do these toners give the same glossy look that we get from the original cartridges?
Will this phone work with uverse voip?
Anyone know the customer service number for Grandstream? I need help configuring this phone and Ringcentral won't help me. Thanks.
Can a traditional extension connect to this? Meaning the VoIP would be plugged into an RJ-45 and the extension would plug into the GrandStream itself
Does this phone support paging other extensions?
this will work with google voice?
Can my house phone also be hock up to this
Is it possible to quickly determine what extensions are in use via the LCD screen?
Does this phone have standard modular connectors (RJ11) so that a longer coiled handset cord can be attached?
Does anyone know what wireless headset would work with this phone?
Can you dim the lcd screen? does this will work with vonage?
Do the cartridiges include the chip...?
Is there any difference between cartridges marked with XL and those that have no XL on label? - Do they both fit the same?
Does it work with the Canon Pixma MG 5520 for SURE?!
Have a brand new MX922, concerned about non OEM clogging heads w/ long term use. Any issues with that? Last Canon lasted 7 years (was stolen) on OEM.
Does this work with Canon MX920?
Do these work with the Canon PIXMA MG 5500? the cartridge numbers are correct (250/251), didn't see that model listed in description.
Does this pack include all cartridges for the Canon MX922? I'm not seeing the PGI-250PGBK included... or is it printed differently on the cartridge?
Does this work with the Cannon MX922?
i received these today, but they look nothing like the photos....do not say skia anywhere on them...is this how yours looked?..
I have a Canon PIXMA 5400 - will these cartridges work with this printer? The one question regarding the PIXMA 5400 wasn't encouraging! Thanks.
Is this too good to be true?
Where would you put the Gray ink?
The printer can't identify the cartridge
Do these cause more clogs in the printhead than Canon cartridges or lesson life of printer because they're generic?
Asking again to know from a "horses mouth" -- are you sure that that these will work in the Canon Pixma MG 7520 ?
Can someone with an MG7520 please confirm that these Skia ink cartridges are working well for you? Thank you
Does the wider cartridge that says C-250 Black replace the Canon 250 PGBK that came with my MG7120? Mine look different than the ones in the photo
question for photographers: Is the color quality of prints made with these inks as good as the Canon inks?
Does this work with the Pixma iP8720? We bought from a different seller and they didn't fit correctly so wouldn't work.
Does this work with MX472?
will this work with a MX922?
Are these compatible with the Canon PIXMA MG5500 series?
do these have the "chip" included
Do these guys have the fancy LED light to indicated they're seated properly?
Is this compatible with MG6320?
How is this compare with original Canon for MX922? How long is this last? My original is good for about 9 mo
Will this ink work with a PIXMA MG 7500 series printer?
How many mili-liters (ml) of ink are in your cartridge that is compatible with Canon CLI-251? Also, like the Canon 250XL PGBK?
What quantity of ink is in each 251 cartridge?
Hi, I have a canon printer MG5220. I need to order cartridges. The cartridges that fit are NOT XL except PGBK. Are all of these XL? Thanks
How come all of the reviews for this are for a label maker, but the title says it is a Brother HLL2380DW laser printer?
what are differences between HL-2280DW &amp; HL-2380DW?
Is Ink included with the Brother HLL2380DW Wireless Monochrome Laser Printer
Can I set this up with a Chromebook?
What is the compatibility with Mac OSX, especially scanning , with both 10.6.8 Snow Leopard and 10.10 Yosemite ?
does it copy &amp; scan &amp; fax?
compadable to mac book air
Does the HP Printer have a straight through paper path that utilizes the paper coming from the front paper tray. I print heavy full sheet labels.
Does it fax?
can it print double sided?
How big are the daily time squares you write appointments in
What month does this planner begin and end?
How many months is the calendar? I am looking for a 15 month planner.
Is there space for monthly notes/goals? I don't see pictures of such a page
Does this fit Galaxy Note 10.1 GT-N8013?
Does this case put the Note to sleep when the lid is closed?
Will this case also fit the Samsung Galaxy tab pro 10.1?
Does this case have the auto sleep/ wake function?
There are shortcut keys for Android shown in the owners manual that aren't on the keyboard. How do I get to them?
What are the Alt/Option and Control keys for? I can't seem to get them to do anything.
Does this product have the Stylus touch S pen slot open and easy to abstract the pen out?
will this work for any Samsung Galaxy note 10.1?
What Is PU lether
is it gonna fit the SM-P605 LTE model?
Are other colors available? If so, what are they? Thanks.
Is this compatible with Galaxy Note 10.1 2013 edition?
Do you have any folio keyboard cases for the Galaxy Tab 3 8.0?
The sistem works on xp-401???
Does this work on Epson Expression XP-211?
Does it work with Epson workforce 3640?
This systems works with an Epson XP-410? Is it easy to install, does it bring a manual or it has to be install with an expert?
The system works with an Epson WF 2660?
Hello, i would like to know if this system works with epson xp 310, thanks beforehand
Does this work on epson wf2630
Does it work with Epson workforce wf 2650?
what kind of ink is ?
does it work with epson xp 400?
what is the different between pd239 and pd233?
I ordered the popo printer but it came with Korean instructions how can I get the instructions in English?
I ordered the popo printer but it came with Korean instructions how can I get the instructions in English?
What size photos ultimately come out of this? 4X6, 2x3? What's the size?
Does popover work with I phone 6 with iOS software 8.3
Does this come with any paper? thx
Is the LG Pocket Photo 2 PD239 compatible with iPhone 4?
WILL THIS WORK WITH A 6.1 IPHONE?
I need instructions in English. My printer is not printing from mine Samsung phone.
does this compatible with a macbook pro?
Do you know where I could get a replacement battery pack?
What size trash bags are designed for this can?
How do I reset it so it will close by itself? It opens with the sensor then stays open until I manually press the "close" button.
what are the dimensions of this can? especially interested in the height from bottom to the highest part othan.thanu
Does anyone know why you would need 8AA batteries for this can if it will function the same way using 4AA?
Bin worked for a couple week but now doesn't fully open therefore opens half way and the closes before counting down. Anyone know how to fix this
after a couple days it stopped opening from motion. still opens from pressing the button. help please
My lid is only opening part of the way. Does anyone know how to fix this?
Has any one used this at the beach? If not what are your thoughts will it hold up? Thanks in advance
How much weight can it hold?
does this cart work for taking groceries up steps
How much weight will it hold?
Will it work going upstairs?
What is the carrying weight capacity of cart?
how much does it weigh?
What are the dimensions
is it durable
Is the basket on the back removable, and will it hit your knees when pulling it up/down stairs?
Is it sturdy enough to lift the entire cart full of groceries up the two steps of a bus? Thanks
Would this cart roll freely on dirt roads?
Two different answers about wheels being hard plastic or rubber. Prefer rubber for traction. Are newer ones plastic wheels?
Is the cart pretty sturdy on the front wheels on rough streets? I'm trying to buy one for my older neighbor across.
What are the demensions?
What is the weight capacity this cart can hold?
Where can I find the video instructions for assembly?
How much does the cart weigh?
Does it count the new bills (as of 2014) like $20, $50, $100
is this compliant with the new $100 bills
How many bills does the hopper hold? I see a lot of lower end cash counters in the 100-130 bill range, but I don't see a number for this item.
Does it count any currency or only USD?
110v power works ?
110v power works ?
This machine detected counterfeit money of any denomination? Bolivares, Euros, Dolares, Pesos.
works with 110v or 220v?
DOES IT COUNT SINGLES
Does it detect counterfeit USD? Is it portable - like chordless?
I need a stamp to use with my signature plus my ID of 11 numbers all to fit in a space of length 2 1/2 inches by height 1/2 inch. Would this work?
Is the size of the stamp appropriate for endorsing checks?
Is there a limit to how many characters on the stamp?
Hi! I have a picture with two signatures in it, we would be looking for 2 separate stamps. Would you be able to separate? Thank you for your help!
Does the stamped image look like you signed with a felt tip pen (ie: a little thicker) or is it a fine line like a ballpoint pen?
The file I would like to use is a logo for my small business - can that file be used on this stamp rather than a "signature".
I am trying to find a basic EXTRA bold typed named stamp, one line only, for a dev disabled, legally blind adult to use as her name stamp. Which One?
hello, i got a signature and 3 lines underneath it with size 10 font , so you be able to make that stamp ?
can you do rush delivery? I would like to get it by Tuesday July 29th
Many stamps leave more than just the signature behind. Does this stamp leave small remnants of a black inked border around the signature itself?
Is the cover plastic? Does it have tabs?
Does this planner have three holes punched for a three ring binder? I ask because the cover photo shows no holes punched.
How sturdy is the cover? Will it survive being thrown into a backpack crammed with heavy textbooks?
Is January really spelled incorrectly on the planner as in the picture?
Does this planner include 2015 to 2016 or is this there a version that does?
does the cover stand up to middle school life?
How tightly is the spiral bound? We have had numerous spiral bound notebooks and the plastic binding unwinds out of the book over time.
Does each day have 7 boxes for classes?
Would this planner be suitable for a college student??
Does it cover the school year from Aug 2014 - June 2015
will this device work with an android htc phone?
what is the fee percentage taken per sale?
can this work in jamaica
is there an app for the kindle?
Will it work with a Galaxy note 3?
Is this hardware locked to any specific software or can I use the square for any credit card reading software?
Does Square link directly to my account, or do would I have to do a pay out?
Can I plug this straight into my iPhone if using a Life Proof case or would I need the Life Proof headphone adapter?
does this work in Dominican Republic
what app can I ues on my fire phone to make this work?
Is it Mac compatible.
what type of toner does it need?
What is the difference between the 460F and 460FW?
Where will I find the user guide after installation?
dimensions not stated...I hope it fits niche
Does the paper tray always extend out the 3 1/2 inches that it is on my just-installed printer.
What is the difference between 460w and 460fw
Is it compatible to 220v outlet? I mean, is this a free volt electronic?
Does this have a centered paper feed with two tabs or a single side of the tray feed with one adjusting tab?
windows 8.1 compatible?
Where can I find bulk refill inks for this specific CISS? Does the seller offer one?
This serves the xp epson 310, and epson 420 xp ?
This continuous ink system work well with xp-610?
I understand it but on the cover of this publication have pictures of two types of containers, I want the model shown in the photo on the cover ......
Tell me when will be on sale the system with the model page presentation for xp 800, this container model does not serve me
How do you compare these inks with the original inks from Epson for its longevity and color accuracy?
the system for xp 610 is avaible??
the system for xp-610 is avaible??
what is the difference between xp 600 and 610 why this system does not work in the xp610??
Will this work for XP-810? It takes T273 cartridges. If it doesn't do you know what ink system would? Thank you.
What is new in this new version compared to older version of Ooma adapter listed at 109.99 on Amazon?
I run a Bed &amp; Breakfast &amp; do not want guests to be able to make toll calls- 900's, International, collect etc. Can toll calls be blocked?
Can I keep my current phone number?
i have a wall set plugged into a jack and three other units plugged into regular wall electrical outlets. what is necessary to keep all these phones
I have an unlisted phone number. If I purchase an Ooma and port my number over, does it stay unlisted?
If I would have my phone number ported over to Ooma and you stated it could take up to 4 weeks for transfer...........what do you do in the mean time.
What is the difference between this model and the older model
how do i activate my ooma telo?
I have Century Link DSL which is 3 MBPS. Will this set-up support Ooma ?
I have no current home number or actual home phones. Can I have multiple phones throughout house with just the Telo? Do i need a specific phone type?
Are you able to keep up with inventory using the lite (free) version? If not, is the upgrade soft system an additional $350 on top of the POS system?
What will your fee to set up a small coffee shop with all that we sell
will this work for a baby store ?
What operating system does it have
Is the software included in the $398?
Do you have a system that will print barcode product labels? I am trying to avoid entering the information twice.
Will this system print barcode product labels or do you have to print them from a seperate computer?
I own a twin movie theater in a small town. I would need two stations that would need to be interfaced. One for ticket sales and one for concessions.
Can you install and operate different software with the hardware system?
Is there a way to have pictures uploaded into the inventory system of each item so they can be able to be posted on Facebook since it uses a Tablet?
Do you also sell packs of black rubber bands measuring 2.5" dia. x .25"?
How many rubberbands (average) are in the pack for the $11.98?
What is the flat length of these rubber bands?
Are the #64 black and 63 asparagus rubber bands priced per pound
Hi im interested in black bands about .5" to 1" thick that stretch to 4-5", I would love to get a couple samples mailed out to me!
Hello, I am looking for a black band that is 1/2"- 3/4" wide and a rested length of 4-6". Do you have any that are similar?
Hi, I was wondering if you could tell me what other sizes you offer back bands in ? And if I could receive samples before making a bulk order. thanks!
Hi, I would like to order 300-350 black rubber bands at 1/4" wide that can stretch to 5" and 8.5". I would like a sample of this rubber band. Thanks!
Hello, I need 3000 black rubber bands, so before ordering I would like to know till how far the bands can stretch? Many thanks in advance. Sarah
Roughly how many are in a pack? Thanks
Someone reported that this scale will read 7.6 oz but it won't read 10.6 it will only show as 10. Could anyone confirm this ? Thank you.
What is the lightest gram measurement the scale will read?
How long is the expandable cord?
does it work out of the box? Someone wrote it has to be calibrated, I have no precise weights to do that.
Does anyone know (1) how long until the auto shut off feature kicks in and (2) is it possible to leave the scale on indefinitely?
Is there a weight capacity?
What type of batteries does it use?
This weighs items up to 110lbs?
Is the box is too big, if it hangs off the scale, would it still be weighed properly?
I sell books online. some orders are one to two books, others are bigger sets. Is the 8 x 8 platform size not good for my type of use?
The machine can do automatic double-sided printing BUT does it do automatic double-sided scanning AND photocopying if you use the doc feeder?
Can you set it up just to print in black and white? And therefore not have to purchase color ink as well?
How is the photo quality prints?
can this do simple sorting?
What is the top height dimension, when the scanner flatbed is wide open, to adjust my shelves to accommodate it?
Can the device scan documents directly to my plug in USB flash drive?
Can you scan and send legal size documents?
Any mechanical issues, like paper jams, misalignment of color, etc. noticed over time?
Most printers "print" both sides but, does it "copy" both sides automatically?
Has anyone used non-HP toner in this printer? I've heard some HP printers reject toner that isn't genuine HP.
how are scans transferred to computer [laptop]other than sd card ?
How are the results of scanning 35 mm negatives color or b&amp;w? let's say from 1 to 10 (1 being horrible and 10 great resolution). Thanks
Do you have to manually move the slide carrier after each slide is scanned?
Do u have the option of scanning at lower resolution? I'm assuming that a 14 MP scan is liking taking a 14MP picture. I dont need it that big.
Is this device FASTER than a traditional scanner to scan 35mm negatives?
I have lots of slides from the 1950's that measure 2 inches by 2 inches from paper edge to edge. Will these slides work on this?
I have a ton of negatives from the 70's. How many seconds does it take to scan 1 negative?
Do you have to switch a setting when changing from scanning 35mm film negatives to slides?
Does this automatically reverse the images of negatives (color &amp; BW) on the screen so you can ignore those that you do not want to digitize?
I have super-slides: the slides are mounted in a 2"x2" frame, and the picture is about 1.75"x1.75". Will the device scan the entire picture?
HOW WIDE IS IT FOLDED?
I see the description available...it's 29 inches. I need to order that one. Is there a product number available? Price?
Anyone know the exact folded height of this product? Is it 19 inches?
How much space is needed to slip folded stool between fridge &amp; counter?
Another measurement question. When this stool is locked open and ready to be stood upon, how tall is it from the floor to the top of the handle? I'm working in a height restricted area. Thanks
Can anyone explain how difficult is it to fold up? Is there a pin or lever that you have to pull or push to make it fold? (one handed or two)?
how much does it weight?
Are the steps covered with a rubberized product, or are they hard plastic?
How high is the seat off the ground - not the total height that includes the handle
Is it compatible with iPhone 4S? (Yes, I know it's compatible w/iOS 5.1 and up but 4S is the older model &amp; some issues happen even when running 5.1)
Does this work with samsung nx mini camera..
I see shipping is varied was going to get but would arrive after I need it... so how long would it take to get to zip 48239?
does this work with the iPhone?
is this comparable with my iPhone 6 plus
The ad for the lg pocket says it comes with Zink Paper, the picture shows lg paper. Which is right and are they photo paper that I can use right away?
Does this work with an iPod touch?
Does this come with the sticker zink paper? Or is the paper included just the normal non-adhesive kind?
how long will the photos last? months, years, decades?
Can i keep the remaining photo paper inside the device when not in use? Or should i seal them away elsewhere?
What size is phote?
How many pictures can it print?
Can it print 4X6 pictures as well? if you buy separate paper?
Will it work with the iphone 6?
Hi my husband purchased this for me and I noticed it does not have a US wall adaptor. Can you please suggest one that will work with this printer?
The listing says it comes with ink less photo paper, do you need to buy separate photo paper with ink?
hi, did you know if is compatible with a laptop or mac (or its just for smartphones?) thank you!!1
will it work with galaxy s4? I want to buy it for a teen girl
how fast does this print?
Do the Premium Polaroid Zink papers work with this?
are these compatible with ny workforce 3530 ?
Is this the set for the Epson Workforce 3540?
R these compatable with WF 840?
Are the 4 black cartridges the extra high capacity?
We ordered these for a WF-3640. Will these work for this style printer?
Do these already have ink or do you get just the "cartridges"?
Are these inks pigment like the OEM or dye-based?
I was wondering if anyone has a Epson Workforce 645 printer and if you do, does these cartridges work with it?
these will work on the epson wf 3520 right?
Are these compatible for the Epson Workforce 845?
Why is this $24.98 more here than on the Epson site?
What is the rated voltage for this printer? Can I use it on a 220-240 volt circuit?
Can this print 'Cable Wrap' style labels, also known as 'wrap-around' cable labels?
Does the LW-600P printer is compatible with all the cartridge models? or it has to be only the 24mm models?
Does this print two or more lines?
How do you make a photo into a QR Code, the video shows someone take a picture inside a box and then print a QR, dont see the option in app or google
Is the print and label label water or weather proof?
can you print address labels for envelopes
Does if have Hebrew Fonts?
Can it draw power from the usb cable when connected to a computer or do you always either need it to have batteries or be connected to the ac adapter?
Can it accept letter size sheets? The description only says A4 size, which is narrower.
Would this shredder handle an average piece of junkmail without opening it (as long as there's no credit card in it)?
what are the dimensions of the shredder?
Does it have a drawer to open to empty or must you lift the top of the machine and then empty the shreds???
Does the credit card/DVD slot also do micro-cuts, or are they larger pieces?
What approx. does it weigh- I'm handicapped so can't weigh over 20#
Will it shred stapled sheets without a problem?
Brand new shredded first full basket, emptied it, 1/3 through second basket the motor won't start. Tried unplug/reverse. What should I do?
does this take glassine envelopes
Are the 'teeth' metal or plastic
what size are the pockets? thank you
Can this be hung horizontally rather than vertically?
What is the size of the entire frame system?
What size pictures fit in pockets?
will this case work on a samsung galaxy tab pro 10.1 tablet??
will this case work on samsung galaxy tab2 10.1
Is this case and bluetooth keyboard compatible with the Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 10.1 (T520)
Just got one- works but Buetooth seems to disconnect often - is there a way to configure the Bluetooth timeout and/or the special keys on the top row?
Will this keyboard case work with a NuVision 10.1 tablet? Is this a generic case that would work with any 10.1 (wireless/bluetooth) tablet?
Will this take Windows 8
will this work on a samsung galaxy 3 10.1 model GT-P7510MA?
will it fit an Asus transformer 10.1 inch tablet?
Will it fit an iRulu 10 inch tablet?
does it come with the key board
Does this phone pair with other bluetooth devices like headsets?
Do all three hand sets have a headset jack for hands free conversations?
Is there any way to disable the answering machine if you have voicemail through your phone service provider?
Does it work in Europe. is it 120 only 240 as well?
does this phone have a mute button?
Can talking caller id be disabled; i.e., can it be visual/on screen only?
Are messages taken by answering machine clear? Are the messages stamped with Date, Day and Time? What is the capacity of answering machine?
Does a wall mount come with this?
Does it have answering machine capabiity?
Can you listen to messages through the base unit?
Can you enter names for each handset so that when you want to intercom, you can choose (for ex) "basement" or "garage" as opposed to a number?
Want to use the phone company answering service. Does phone show when there is a message? Like to access messages remotely.
Can base unit be wall mounted?
Does this model have a handset locator option at the base?
Does it have a headset jack?
What kind of batteries do these phone use?
Can you talk on 2+ handsets at once? We both like to be on the line when kids/parents call &amp; some phones seem not to allow this.
Do the phone extensions have a phone jack on the charging unit? I would like to use a fax in a room without phone jack
Does this model have talking id
how many chargers are included?
My phone system is from my internet provider and includes an answering system. Can the answering machine with this phone be disabled/turned off?
does this phone have power failure backup
does it have a headset jack and a mute button?
Does it have Call Blocking?
Can you connect a Bluetooth earphone to the system?
is the handsets lit up for easier viewing of dialing
Can you have the phone connected to your landline and your cell at the same time??
Do the handsets stand properly when not placed in the cradle or do they have a rounded bottom making them unstable?
is there a speakerphone on each handset and is it full duplex?
When adding/changing new number in the directory does it automatically go into the additional handsets or do you have to add it manually
Does the key pad light up on this 263b model?
has this model answering machine?? thxs.
How many unwanted calls will it block
Can you use a headset with these phones? Does it have headset jacks?
what does it bluetooth? how/why?
Can it work on 220 volts?
Is the base station wall mountable?
Are the handsets back-lit? Basically I asking if you can see the numbers in the dark or is the color screen the only thing that lights up?
Do u have to have a land line for it to work?
So, the handsets use rechargeable aaa batteries? Do they charge on the base?
Would this be good for the severely hearing impaired?
Is there a volume control ? I'm hearing impaired.
Is the power adapter compatible with 220 volt?
Can it be wall mounted?
Do the headsets have a headset jack? I work hands-free and want to use a corded headset. Thank you.
Does it have a speaker function (hand free), or do we have to use a headphone? Also how's the sound quality on the recorded msg (answering system)?
can this phone be shut off completely
Are the batteries rechargeable? It just says 4 AAA.
does it have caller ID
Are the handsets freestanding on a table?
does this phone have a a headphone jack?
Can I access my messages from a remote location? Like during vacation and I am away from the phone?
Does phone have a visual indicator when ringing?
Does this phone have caller ID?
I noticed this phone uses batteries instead of plugging into wall electricity, how often do you have to change batteris
After a no-message call the phone seems to beep forever until we press the receiver button, then hang up. Is this normal or defective?
does the answering machine retain date settings if unplugged?
Does the phone have an answering machine?
Does this phone has MUTE function?
Does this phone have a directory for names/numbers?
does it have headset capabilities?
What is the range of the handsets?
How long is the battery charge good for? 30 minutes? 60 minutes?
Does the answering machine amplify also? How is the clarity on the answering system?
can i connect to cell phone?
Q: Does it have talking caller ID ? Does it find whose calling without even picking up the phone ?
Can two people talk at the same time using two different handsets?
I can not use all the 3 headset at the time in a call, i can use 2, but when i try to use the 3rd one it doesn't work, one needs to be in the base?
What is the voice quality? Clear or muffled?
How do I make locator button work? There is no beep.
Can i connect 2 scanners to one PC, so 2 people can scan at the same time to one pc ???
Can this be used with an Android tablet?
can it scan usps shipping labels?
Do this scanner read 2D barcodes?
What are the Manufacturer's Warranty stipulations and length of warranty?
Does the device cease to function when plugged into a USB port?
I am getting a USB device Not recognized error when I plug the device into my usb port. Do you have a solution to this issue?
After the scanner scan barcodes, what data format it is when it connect with computer? Is it a list of barcode or statistic?
Does it announce calls?
On my current older Panasonic I can block up to 30 numbers. What is the limit on this model?
Does these handsets have a plug for headphones?
Can I see missed calls?
Can the base be wall mounted?
Can the Talking Caller ID be disabled?
Will this work with xfinity VOIP?
what color is the tgd223n?
I have a Panasonic unit now that has died. Will I have to re-enter all the numbers already in the old system
Will these phones automatically hang up when the other caller disconnects?
With the case on, how thick will this make my Galaxy Tab Pro 12.2?
Does it have a built in shield cover or do you have to apply one?
can the case for note pro 12.2 be used in landscape and portrait mode
will i be able to get the stylus out
How do you remove the cover?
has anyone experienced pressure marks on screen created by this case?
I use my Pro tab in the verticle position most of the time. I need a cover with a good grip to the sides. How does this cover feel when held vertical?
Is the S-Pen Accessible with this case? How about the SD card slot?
Does this case fix the Galaxy Note Pro 12.2
With the case on, how thick will this make my Galaxy Tab Pro 12.2?
Does it have a built in shield cover or do you have to apply one?
can the case for note pro 12.2 be used in landscape and portrait mode
will i be able to get the stylus out
How do you remove the cover?
has anyone experienced pressure marks on screen created by this case?
I use my Pro tab in the verticle position most of the time. I need a cover with a good grip to the sides. How does this cover feel when held vertical?
Is the S-Pen Accessible with this case? How about the SD card slot?
Does this case fix the Galaxy Note Pro 12.2
How do I keep stand from tipping if there's no need to attach to a desk? It would be helpful if specifications were listed on Amazon site.
What is the largest monitor that the arm can support? (both weight and size)
Do I have a choice of sitting or standing several times per day with this products? Also, how does it attach to a desk? No specs are shown.
What is the weight capacity of the monitor stand?
How easy is it to move the monitor from sitting to standing position? How is it done?
What is the height that the monitor can reach?
What is the lowest height, from the bottom of the Ostrich, I can set the keyboard? Currently my keyboard is &lt; 1" from desk height
picture shows 2 monitors. Can it handle 2?
We are interested in buying a few of these. Can we verify the ESN(s) can be used on our account to activate Sprint service?
is it wifi capable
this table is unlocked for use in any country with any sim in any operator ?? thx
I'm interested to know if the tab brings charger and do not have any problem please?
Is the Sprint sim card included? If so, is it already in the tablet or is it in the box?
does it come with chargers and all origional accessories?
I indicates the model of the tablet and if it works as a phone does not have the speaker on top
What is the internal storage size of the device?
is this device compatible to use a sim from at&amp;t, t-mobile or any gsm network?
Does this specific tablet have simcard slot for 3g network note sd card and sim card?
Are these all actually the high-capacity size? Is the Black (2730) pigment ink like the OEM cartridge?
Do these work without resetting chips ?
Ok i installed on my epson expression xp 810 but its not printing anything at all
Do these work with Epson XP 820?
Can you verify that these are pigment-based ink and not dye-based ink?
Is this compatable for xp-610 small in one?
How is the ink quality compared to the standard ink carts that came with the printer? Is this worth getting if I'm printing DVDs?
&iquest;Por que estos cartuchos en mi impresora nueva imprimieron solo tres paginas y ya casi se gasto la tinta?.Gracias
Do these ink cartridges report the ink level? Has anyone found a source for XL cartridges for these XP printers?
Does your company sell a package of color ink only? I was printing photos, and need color ink, but have too much black ink.
Does the second holder charge the phone?
Is this a speakerphone
if i want to buy another base to expand, where can i do so?
Is it possible to plug a headset into the phone?
Is there a head phone jack?
How long is the cord?
Does it have a wall mount bracket?
Can this phone be connected to my stand alone answering machine?
Does the phone have unique ringtones for each directory listing?
Does this have speed dial?
I'm totally new to this kind of pen. What is the 'converter' for and how do you fill a pen like this with ink? What is the best archival ink?
I've never used a pen lke this before. Will you tell me how to putthis pen together &amp; I have cartidges but I don't know how to put it all together?
Can you purchase a converter for it?
What's a good fountain pen for a beginner who will use it for writing letters? Too cheap, and I'll be learning while dealing with pen's short-comings.
I have a loose spring in the ink compartment; is that normal? Should I return it?
Does this include a converter?
What would you say the Nib size is?
Do either of the nibs have any flex to them?
Can this be used with scented inks that don't come in cartridges? Thank you
I'm confused. In here in the Q&amp;A it says Push style cap. But above at the top under the picture it says, Cap : Screw Type.
Can the lower desk be attached on the other end of the higher one?
What are the dimensions of the vertical shelf area on the left side of the desk? Thank you!
What is the detail dimension of the 2 parts of the desk?
Can the lower bar on the right hand side be moved to the front or removed all together without jeopardizing the integrity of the desk?
Is this reversible? I want the long side to be on the left, not the right
what is this desk made out of?
Are both halves of equal depth? In the photo, it looks like the right side is not as deep as the left.
What is the distance from the floor to the underside of the drawer on the left side? Distance from the floor to the underside of the right side?
What is the height from the floor to the top of the little shelf? I'm trying to fit it under a dormer.
How deep is that little shelf. I am thinking of getting this and using the shelf to set an extra monitor up there
What is the difference between the 8620 and the 8625 sold at Costco? Thank you.
how does the duplex scanning feature work for you?
What's big difference this 8620 vs previous model 8600 plus?
Can lhyou scan driectly to a flash drive on HP OfficeJet Pro 8620 Wireless All-in-One Color Inkjet Printer (A7F65A#B1H)
Does the Office jet pro 8620 have excellent photo quality printing? Can I print photographs directly from my digital camera? Will the photographs look as good as the local photo shop or drug store?
Has anyone tried the eStorage Print App? I'm wondering if I can scan directly to Google Drive or Box.com with a single button press.
What is the difference between the 8620 and 8610?
How often do you have to change cartridges? I am looking for a printer that can print a lot of papers before having to change cartridge.
Why won't this printer take 110 lb card stock if it is advertised it will? Does HP need to revise the paper grabbing wheels?
what is the dimensions of this printer
I read that it does manual duplex as opposed to automatic. Does it at least prompt you to flip pages over?
will this printer work with windows 8?
I have a very basic silly question? All the option I am seeing is wireless device. Is it possible to connect this printers to a desktop computer using USB port or a network cable or parallel port?
Does this machine print and scan 8.5 x 14 originals?
Will it scan to pdf?
Will this printer print from an iPad air without dropping the document into an app?
Does it comes with ADF (Auto Document Feeder) ?
is this a laser printer?
Is it Mac / iOS compatible??
does it come with a toner when purchased?
where do you get a new power adapter for this phone?
Is there a hold button?
Are the dimensions listed (9.9 x 3 x 6.2 inches) for the phone itself or the packaging? I'm trying to determine the size of the handset.
How does the handset charge? Is the battery replaceable?
can i mute the ringer?
Can this handset be used with a bluetooth headset?
Can this be wall-mounted?
5 handset landline? How would that work? Could this be used with another Swissvoice phone? (I have one plugged in through our cable modem)
would this phone be easy for an elderly to use to answer only? Can it be set to answer when picked up of cradle rather than pushing a button to talk?
What is the difference between the 8620 and 8630 model?
Does it print envelopes well?
Has anyone else had a problem with the black print being too light?
When you scan a document with multiple pages, does it result in a single pdf document or multiple individual pages.
Would like to know if the HP8630 uses the color ink to print black?
Will the printer autoselect the paper size between the trays?
Dimensions, weight
How fast does it scan? Can it scan multipage documents without jamming?
what is the performance difference between 8500 pro inkjet all-in one and 8630 inkjet
can you scan multiple pages of documents into one folder or does it scan and force you to label each page individually
What are overall dimensions of printer?
How often does this printer ink cartridges go thru it's ink?Someone said 1,800-that person posted on the 18th of Sept so can't undrstnd how would know
will it scan a doc to pdf so that I can attach to an e-mail ?
This printer will have to fit under a cabinet. What is the height of the printer with the top tray fully extended upward? Thank you.
Can it use 4x6 or 5x7 photo papers?. Not the full 8.5x11 sheets
Does this printer need to be located near a computer? Does the computer on which the software is installed need to be on to print to this printer?
Is this printer eligible for HP instant ink?
What is the largest size this unit will scan? Will it do 8.5x14?
Does the buying price INCLUDE the ink cartridges? I want to buy this NOW, but need to know about ink usage.....
Does the ADF scan two sided documents without user intervention?
How many pages can I expect to get out of a toner (Black)?
Does this come with the ink?
good photo printing
Can this do custom paper sizes, and what are the size limits? Any problem with the printer driver under Windows 7?
What is the page yield of the black cartridge for regular text pages?
Can this printer use heavier media like card stock
Can you only print in Black by choice?
why the resolution is 2400x600dpi instead of saying 2400x2400 or 600x600? thanks
I make invitations &amp; am looking for a color laser that will work well on specialty card stock that won't work in my inkjet. Will this printer work?
First page out time? My current HL-4150 takes painfully about 25-30 seconds. Is the HLL8350 better?
Does this printer have a drum that has to be changed independently from the toner?
The "whats in the box" for this specific printer says includes usb cable &amp; toner. true or not for $52.43?? If so I'll buy it now if this is new item
does it print in color?
is this mac compatible?
One option says "with toner" and the other doesn't mention it. Does it ship with sample toner and then a full size toner or just no toner?
how many pages per cartridgel?
this price includes the toner (ink)?
$ 69 printer comes with toner? or you have to buy a part and is what you sell?
Does this printer have to be connected to the home internet?
How long is the included USB cable?
will this printer work with AirPrint?
Can this printer print copies of the Bible?
Does it work with "AirPrint" *WITHOUT* download of a separate Samsung app? Would like owner/user (&amp; not marketing) response, please!
Does the Eco button work with Macs?
Does this printer work with the Mac OS X 10.10 (Yosemite) operating system? Samsung's website only mentions Mac OS X 10.5~10.9.
does it come with toner for the 115 price?
Will this printer work well with a New MacBook pro, a iPad or a Mac desktop?
Does this printer also scan documents?
Can I copy documents or only print from my computer?
Can you turn off auto duplexing?
can I use this phone with safelink
does this phone have a front facing camera?
Is there any way to turn OFF the annoying voice prompts??
can i check email with this phone?
are there any cases for this phone?
Does playing games on wifi use minutes?
does this have a qwerty keyboard for easy texting?
Does this phone have a virtual keyboard with letters for typing text messages?
Does the LG 306G telephone packagepurchased through Amazon come with charger
I have font set to small but still unable to see contact names in their entirety. Any way to make this happen?
I have two monitors - one 20" wide (not diagonal) and one 21-1/2" wide. Would this work?
I have a desk that is 19" deep. I understand the dimensions are 27" deep, but how much desk table space is actually needed?
My desk is only 22 1/2 inches deep. Will the pro plus model fit on my desk?
Can I move the keyboard tray separately from the monitor tray
If anyone has successfully used a clamp-on monitor arm with their Varidesk, let me know what brand you recommend. Looking at an EasyMountLCD 002-0013.
what is the dimension of the upper tray in the middle, front to back?
My Desk is against a wall. Is that an issue? Most pictures depict an open space environment? Thanks.
Would the 27" deep Pro Plus work on a desk that's 24" deep? I don't mind the keyboard tray or back sticking out as long as the weight-bearing portions fit within 24" deep.
What is the footprint of the keyboard tray on the Pro Plus? And the Single Plus? Will a full size keyboard and trackpad fit ?
Artists! Has anyone used this and had space enough for a cintiq or wacom tablet along with keyboard and mouse? Is it at a comfortable drawing height?
What's in the box? Does it come with a cartridge?
is it wireless?
Will this accept documents to print from a Mac OS?
What are the dimensions of Canon LBP6200D?
will this print from a computer?
what is the dpi?
Can this printer scan?
Is this portable for vehicle use?
is this wireless
Is this a laser printer
Why is there a circle on all of my scans?
Will scanner accept mounted slides?
I got this for Christmas. I am getting very inconsistent results that range from OK to outright garishly bad photo quality. Is it me or the device?
Is what ELGLENN 6-29-2014 (below) said true about color slides transferring from SD card showing up as negatives in cmptr?
I just bought the scanner, inserted a memory card, loaded the slide holder into the scanner. Image appears on the scanner screen, but not on the computer.
Will this work on Mac os?
does it work on a mac?
Re: previous ? Can see on TV before hit scan button or only after scanned?
Anybody hooked up to tv while scanning instead of viewing built in screen? I'd guess pretty bad image on 42" TV. How about on 21" TV? See next ?
Does it support higher levels of Windows than 7?
What is the max weight the stand will support? I have a Corsair obsidian 900d that comes in about 90-100 pounds and is hard to move around. I would re
How far from the end of the outer braces are the cross braces and how wide are the cross braces?
my computer tower is 8" wide. Will the "computer scooter" accommodate it ?
Greetings. Can the wheels be replaced?
8-3/4" is really the maximum width? My case is 9" wide.
does ink comes with it
what ink cartridge does it use?
what are the dimensions of the 3620
Can it print on 11 by 17 paper
2 sided print
Does this printer do 2-sided scanning?
If it is out of a color cartridge can I still print just black?
Can I scan multiple documents with the automatic document feeder or do I have to place each sheet on the scanner one by one?
What is the boot time using wifi? It will be kept unplugged and I don't want to wait 5 minutes for every print.
What is the largest size paper this will take?
We want to order the printer Epson WF-7610 all in one Printer need to know what is the ink cartridge required for this printer to order Please.
Can you connect to this printer with a USB cable, and not use Wireless?
What is the highest weight of cover/cardstock this can print on? I'm looking to be able to print invitations and Christmas cards on 120lb matte.
Does it auto-feed 11x17 and how is the feeding reliability overall?
Is this compatible with a MacBook Pro ? Can I use google cloud to print as well?
How big is it without the tray extended? I think the measurements given must be for extended tray.
Does it print opaque blacks on transparency? I would like to use it for film positives for screen printing
I see it has an 11" x 17" scan bed... Can it scan a document that size without cropping or shrinking?
I mostly need it for scanning color drawings so I was wondering how is the scanner quality? How much dpi is the scanner
Does this printer use individual ink cartridges for each color?
Understand this is an Inkjet printer, but what is Performance Beyond Laser? Does that mean this is basically the same printing quality as laser?
Can the ADF scan both sides automatically?
Can you scan written notes and e-mail to someone without needing a computer?
paper sizes? 11 x 14?
If one of the cartridges is low will it continue printing?
Is there an option to scan multiple pages to separate files (35 pages to 35 PDFs instead of one PDF with 35 pages)?
What's the difference between the WF-3540 and This WF-3640 ? I have the WF-3540 Do I need to Upgrade ?
Can you scan documents to a USB Flash drive?
how much is ink
is it windows 8 compatible?
What are the major differences between this model and WF-4630? Is it worth extra $50-60? Thank you in advance.
Are there any media card slots (i.e. SD card, xD, CF) on this printer?
Does it support AirPrint ?
I would like to know if it will print 12"X18" pages? or ARCH B
how many page per minute
Can I set this printer to scan directly to a network share as opposed to targeting a PC that may or may not be available..
Does it print good quality photos from the rear feeder?
How does the speed compare to a color laser, for "business graphics" (diagrams and solid colors rather than continuous tone photos).
Does it print on card stock and if so, does it curl it?
I recall seeing that this printer can print labels directly on to DVD and CD disks does the WF- 4640?
Does this printer print photos?
What is an estimated page yield per set of cartridges?
Will this continue to print black/white when one of the color cartridges is empty?
Do you have to use the CD-ROM to set up the printer or can it be done on line?
How is the scanner quality? I am always skeptical of all-in-ones. Any designer folk using this?
Can it print Avery labels?
does it handle two sided auto document feeder
Several reviewers say you have to have the CD to install the driver software. My new thin laptop has no CD drive. Can you do it via internet?
Does it do a good job on envelopes?
can I scan using Window's built in functions (twain ?) if I don't need to control the adf? or do I have to use the bundled software?
I recently purchased this product and thought it came with a full toner. After printing less than 100 pages (color and b/w) I am out of toner?
What's the depth and width for the feet of this printer? I have overall dimensions, but trying to determine if my credenza is deep enough...
I can't seem to find if it comes with starter toner or full cartridges?
If I only use black ink, will this printer be compatible?
does the printer still work if one of the toners is out? for example, if i'm only printing in black and the magenta toner is out, will it still work?
Does this printer collate sets? Or print all copies of 1 page at a time?
Can you fax/scan items other than paper? I had in mind things like ID cards, etc.
Is it capable of "borderless printing" (for instance printing a page entirely in blue without having the usual white borders)?
Is there straight-paper option for heavy stock?
What are the quality of the color pages ? or Photo printing?
Will this phone block no-number calls (e.g., caller ID says "number unavailable out of area")
Does it have a mute button and headset jack?
Does this Model KX-TG465 have an answering system ?
Can the base unit be attached to the wall, instead of free standing?
Can one link this phone to a Bluetooth headset?
Can this phone display the caller id on a television?
Can this phone announce the caller?
How many phone numbers can the directory hold?
Do the handset units attach to wall?
